Field Product Report Application Privacy Statement Your privacy is important to General Motors ("GM"), as is your trust in GM. We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care. This Privacy Statement lets you know how we handle information we obtain about you via your use of the Field Product Report Application ("Application") on this mobile device. By using this Application, you agree and consent to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement Information Collection/Use When you use this Application you will be asked to provide your GM Global Connect ID and password for authentication purposes. You must be a current Global Connect Sales Workbench application registered user in order to use this Application. You will also be asked to provide your name, the name of the dealership where you are employed, your preferred contact telephone number or email address. You will also be asked to provide certain information about the vehicle for which you are submitting a product report. Speciﬁcally, you will be asked to provide the vehicle's Vehicle Identiﬁcation Number ("VIN"), Mileage, Repair Order number, TAC Case number, Part number, and any written description of the condition of the vehicle. BY USING THIS APPLICATION YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED ALL NECESSARY PERMISSION FROM A CUSTOMER PRIOR TO SUBMITTING INFORMATION ABOUT THEIR VEHICLE. This Application also contains functionality that will allow you to submit a photo or video via email with your Field Product Report to help describe the product issue. Finally, this Application may also collect certain information provided by your mobile device, including its operating system, phone number and other unique identiﬁers pertaining to your mobile device. Sharing of Information GM may share the information collected when you use this Application with third parties in the following instances: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them; with our afﬁliates; with our dealers; and in connection with the sale, transfer or ﬁnancing of a signiﬁcant part of a GM business. Opt Out Rights To opt out of the collection of the information collected from this Application, you may uninstall the Application by using the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network you used to download this Application. Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should telephone the Field Product Reporter at 1-888-337-1010 or send an email to FieldProductReporterFeedback@gm.com. We will delete such information from our ﬁles within a reasonable time. Data Retention GM will retain the information collected from this Application for the duration of the Application, and a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like us to delete the information you have provided via the Application, please telephone the Field Product Reporter at 1-888-337-1010 or send an email to FieldProductReporterFeedback@gm.com, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note we may be required to retain certain information by law. Any photo or video you submit via this Application will be deleted from your mobile device. If, however, you choose to submit a photo or video via email, as with other attachments to emails, that photo or video may be retained in the sent messages folder of your email account. Security GM recognizes the importance of safeguarding consumer personal information in GM's possession from theft, inappropriate use, or improper distribution. GM has security policies and procedures appropriate to the level of conﬁdentiality of that data. Our suppliers have signed agreements to protect and use your data according to our requirements. It should, however, be recognized that no company can perfectly protect personal information.To the extent the Application may utilize third party wired and/or wireless networks, GM can't promise that your communications won't be intercepted by others. You agree that GM won't be liable for any damages for any loss of privacy occurring in communication over such networks. Your Consent By using this Application, you are consenting to our processing of your Information as set forth in this Privacy Statement now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching your information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S., your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States. Changes This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Statement regularly for any changes. Contact If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please telephone the Field Product Reporter at 1-888-337-1010 or send an email to FieldProductReporterFeedback@gm.com.