GlobalConnect Privacy Statement Your privacy is important to General Motors ("GM"), as is your trust in GM. We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care. This GlobalConnect Privacy Statement lets you know how we handle information we obtain about how you use the GlobalConnect website ("Website"). By using this Website, you agree and consent to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement. Information Collection/Use/Tracking When you use this Website GM will collect certain personally-identifiable information about you, as well as business information you share about the dealer. The types of information that GM collects about you via this Website may include: name email address telephone number fax number birthday month and day Social Security Number (for tax reporting purposes only) BAC username • GMIN The types of information that GM collects about the dealership via this Website may include: • Dealership Information • Active/Terminated Indicator • Authorized Brands • Birthdate of Investor • Date Dealership company incorporated • Dealer Address/Phone Information • Dealer appointment/termination date • Dealer area of responsibility • Dealer BAC/Dealer Code/Location Point • Dealer Expected Sales Estimate • Dealer Investor Name • Dealer logistics route • Dealer Successor Name • Dealer Type (Retail, commercial, etc.) • Dealership Contact Type • Dealership Name Indicator that dealership has replaced prior dealer International Tax ID information Investor Common Shares Investor investment date Investor name Investor Preferred Shares Investor Sex Investor Title Investor type Local Marketing Group information (name, assigned location, participation rate) Customer Name Customer Type • Minority • Owner Percent • Unit Sales/Yr • Delivery Date • Delivery Type Information Fleet customer name/code Sales Manager SSN Salesperson SSN • Vehicle Brand/Model • Vehicle Identification Number • Vehicle Mileage • Vehicle Purchaser Contact Information The information GM collects about you and the dealer via this Website may be used to: Configure GlobalConnect Applications • Authenticate users • Maintain Application Security • Monitor Application usage • Order Fulfillment Consensus Facilitate Programs on GlobalConnect (for example, surveys, marketing and incentive programs)Otherwise shared as provided for herein In addition, to help us understand how the Website is being used, this Website uses a third party tracking service that uses cookies, and similar technologies to obtain non-personally identifiable information about you. The non- personally identifiable information obtained may include information related to the type of internet browser you use when you access the Website, your method of access (i.e. WiFi, Ethernet) and your use of the Website, including the functionality you use within the Website and how frequently and how long you use the Website. Please Note: GM does not track, or allow third parties to track your behavior across third party websites via this Website. To learn more about this tracking, please visit http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html. If you'd like to opt-out from the collection of any type of information listed above, please visit the section entitled "Opt-Out Rights" below. Sharing of Information GM may share the information collected when you use this Application with third parties in the following instances: • with our subsidiaries, affiliates, GM dealers and with GM licensees; as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, court order or similar legal process; • when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; • with our trusted services providers and analytics companies who work on our behalf, and who do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them; • with our business partners to conduct joint marketing programs with GM; • with our vendors to the extent necessary for us to procure services from such vendors; and r in connection with the sale, transfer or financing of a significant part of a GM business. Opt Out Rights At this time, this Website does not currently honor do not track signals from a website. However, you may refuse or delete cookies. Please refer to your web browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other technologies and how to manage their use. If you elect to refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer, or change web browsers. If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a website may be impaired. Other Website Links This Website may contain links to applications and websites not controlled by GM or covered by this Privacy Statement. We recommend that you check the Privacy Statement of these websites before providing any personal information. Data Retention GM will retain the information collected from this Website for as long as a user has an active GlobalConnect username. If you'd like us to delete the information you have provided via the Website, please contact us at 1-888- 414-6322 Monday thru Friday 8:00 AM-9:00 PM EST and Saturday 9:00 AM-5:00 PM EST/Closed Sundays, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note we may be required to retain certain information by law. Security GM recognizes the importance of safeguarding consumer personal information in GM's possession from theft, inappropriate use, or improper distribution. GM has security policies and procedures appropriate to the level of confidentiality of that data. Our suppliers have signed agreements to protect and use your data according to our requirements. It should, however, be recognized that no company can perfectly protect personal information. To the extent the Application may utilize third party wired and/or wireless networks, GM can't promise that your communications won't be intercepted by others. You agree that GM won't be liable for any damages for any loss of privacy occurring in communication over such networks. Your Consent By using this Application, you are providing express written consent to our processing of your information, including the dealer information, as set forth in this Privacy Statement now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching such information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S., your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States. Further, if you are DEALER, DEALER PRINCIPAL, EXECUTIVE MANAGER, or GENERAL MANAGER, by using this Application, you affirm that you have the authority on behalf of the dealer to provide express written consent to process (as such term is defined above) the dealer information described in this Privacy Statement and that, to the extent dealer information includes any customer information, that you have all necessary notices, consents or other legal bases to share customer information with us through this Application. Changes This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Statement regularly for any changes. Contact If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at 1-888-414-6322 Monday thru Friday 8:00 AM-9:00 PM EST and Saturday 9:00 AM-5:00 PM EST/Closed Sundays, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Effective Date January 7, 2021.