PRIVACY POLICY Last updated: 2018-05-22 DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB Norra Stationsgatan 93 111 64 Stockholm Sweden Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL Last updated: 2018-05-22 We at DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB ("DigiExam," "we," "us," "our") know that our users ("you," "your") care about how your personal information ("Personal Data") is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. We will be transparent with you about the type of Personal Data we collect and provide clear information about how we use that Personal Data. We have taken proper measures to ensure that we follow all applicable data protection laws and regulations and we will co-operate with the authorities when needed. In the absence of data protection legislation, we will act in accordance with generally accepted principles governing data protection. This policy ("Privacy Policy") describes: (i) the types of Personal Data we collect when you use our service or website; (ii) why and how we use that Personal Data and what security measures we take in order to protect that Personal Data; (iii) how long we retain it; and (iv) with whom we share it. It also explains what your rights and options are as they pertain to privacy. By visiting this website or using our service, you acknowledge our collection and use of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. We strongly suggest that you read this Privacy Policy, and contact us if you have any questions. IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR STUDENTS AND TEACHERS: This Privacy Policy does not govern the collection, use, or disclosure of Personal Data through the use of the service by the educational institution which has given you access to the service, . Please contact this organization to better understand its privacy practices as data controller. DigiExam will retain Personal Data we process on behalf of organizations for as long as needed to provide services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as data processor What Does This Privacy Policy Cover This Privacy Policy covers our treatment and processing of Personal Data (any directly or indirectly personally identifiable information) that DigiExam gathers when you are accessing or using our website or services. Processing refers to any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Data We Collect and Why Data You Provide to Us We receive and store any Personal Data you actively provide to us. The only Personal Data required from you in order to register or log onto our service is your full name, e-mail address and student code. The student codes are collected and used by schools in order to identify their students. The type of student code used varies depending on the school's policy and can consist of an e-mail address, personal identity number or the first letters in the student's first and last name. In the future, we may ask for additional Personal Data to enhance your profile, such as education, interests, and communication preferences. Any such data you elect to add to your account in this regard is voluntary. You can choose not to provide us with certain Personal Data but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features or services. We may anonymize your Personal Data so that you cannot be individually identified either directly or indirectly. - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL Data Collected Automatically Whenever you interact with our service, we automatically receive and record data on your computer properties ("Log data"). For example, Log data may include data such as your computer's IP address, type and version of operating system, the screen resolution of your computer etc. Client hash is also collected by us in order to identify a student's computer when there has been a computer error. Whenever you interact with our website, certain information is also provided to us from your browser via e.g. cookies. Cookies are identifiers, files or pieces of information, which we transfer to the computer or mobile device you are using that allow us to recognize the browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited by you. Cookies may provide information on, inter alia, browser type, how you navigate on our website and other statistics. Some of this information may constitute Personal Data to the extent it can be traced back to an individual. We use this information for our legitimate interest to monitor and analyze the use of our website in order to increase our website's functionality and user-friendliness to better tailor it to your needs. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing cookies. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to delete or to prevent or limit your computer or device's acceptance of cookies, but that may affect the functionality of our website. Please refer to our cookie policy for details regarding the types of cookies used. Our website includes social media features.. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. We use analytics services to help analyze how users use our website. These services use cookies and scripts to collect and store data such as user interaction, errors users encounter, device identifiers, how often users visit the site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the site. You may opt out of tracking of certain information collected by Google Analytics on the website by clicking here. Please see the following links for more information about GoogleAnalytics: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html, http://www.google.com/privacy.html, and http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html. For What Purpose We Use Your Personal Data and Based on What Legal Grounds We use the data we receive from you in order to fulfill our agreements with our customers as a data processor and for our legitimate business interests in order to operate, administrate/maintain and improve our website and our service including responding to requests that you make, or otherwise to aid us in serving you better or in order to comply with the law as set out in section D below. In particular, we use your Personal Data in the following ways: to create and maintain your account; to identify you as a user in our system; to operate, maintain, and improve our website and our services and to personalize and improve your experience; to send you administrative emails and to respond to your comments or inquiries. We have a legitimate interest to send you surveys, promotional communication and information about product and service updates with your permission when logging onto our site; to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity; and to contact you as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback with your permission. - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL We may also use general data that we collect from you which does not contain Personal Data for our own internal purposes (i.e., to monitor overall usage trends, metrics, page views, etc.). Communication We have a legitimate interest to communicate to our users and may contact you, by email or other means. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails. You can also always contact us at privacy@digiexam.se if you do not wish to receive any email or contact from us. Please note however, that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. Such legal notices and the complete set of updated terms are to be found on our website. Testimonials We may post user testimonials/comments/reviews on our website which may contain Personal Data. We do obtain the user's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial including Personal Data. Such consent may be withdrawn at any time. To request removal of your Personal Data from Testimonials or comments please contact us at privacy@digiexam.se Where We Store Your Personal Data Your Personal Data is stored on a cloud platform provided by Google. If you are located outside the European Union, the Personal Data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored and processed at, a destination in the European Union. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use subprocessors who receive and process certain Personal Data on our behalf. Please click here for a complete list of all our subprocessors and where they store their data. Disclosure of Your Personal Data We will not sell or lease any of your Personal Data in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share such Personal Data in personally identifiable form with third parties as described below. A. Trusted Third Parties: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your Personal Data with them to provide the services to you. Unless we tell you differently, such third parties do not have any right to use the Personal Data we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. This includes third party companies and individuals employed by us to facilitate and improve our services, including the provision of maintenance services, database management, Web analytics and general improvement of the services. B. Educational institution or other course provider: We will share your Personal Data with the educational institution or organization which is linked to your use of the services. For example, this would apply: If teachers, administrators and account managers use the platform, for example when teachers use the service in order to prepare and administrate exams ; or If you as a student are conducting a test, whereby we will share your data including test results with the educational institution providing the test, including teachers. - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL C. Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, Customer data is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter into bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Data would be one of the assets transferred to, or acquired by, a third party. You will be notified via email of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Data, including a reference to a prominent notice and information on our website as well as a notice when logging onto our service. You will also be informed of any choices you may have regarding your Personal Data. D. Protection of DigiExam and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any data that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or a court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of DigiExam, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging data with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We also may be required to disclose an individual's Personal Data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Data may be shared with third parties, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of such Personal Data. General Practices Related to Data Security We take the security of your Personal Data seriously and use appropriate measures to protect it against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. Our security measures are constantly being revised in accordance with technological developments. Which actions that are necessary will depend on the type of Personal Data being processed and the specific risks associated with that processing. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Data by protecting your credentials appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. DigiExam is committed to maintaining the security and confidentiality of a user's Personal Data. To that end, DigiExam has taken the following actions: (a) limiting employee access to Personal Data pertaining to students based on roles and responsibilities; (b) conducting background checks on employees who have access to student data; (c) conducting privacy training for employees with access to students' Personal Data; (d) protecting Personal Data with technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security safeguards in order to protect it from unauthorized access, release or use. When you enter your Personal Data on our site we encrypt the transmission of that Personal Data using transport layer security (TLS). Whenever your Personal Data is used for purposes such as statistics or general user activity monitoring we make sure to anonymize the data where appropriate. Our website or tests provided in the service may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you must read that site's Privacy Policy. If you share your computer or use a computer that is accessed by the general public, remember to sign off and close your browser window when you have finished your session. Data Breach If DigiExam knows security breach of a system by an unauthorized party or that any user's Personal Data was used for an unauthorized purpose, we will comply with applicable data - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL protection legislation regarding data breaches and use appropriate measures to mitigate the breach. Your Control Over Personal Data As a data subject you have many rights regarding your Personal Data which is collected and stored. In summary, these include: (i) the right to transparency and access with respect to the Personal Data that is stored and processed, (ii) the right to corrections of any mistakes in the Personal Data and erasure in certain situations, (iii) the right to restriction of processing in certain circumstances, (IV) the right to object at any time to processing of Personal Data concerning you when such processing is based on our legitimate interest, for direct marketing and in certain other situations (V) the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority, (VI) the right to data portability, i.e. to receive Personal Data collected about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and (VII) the right to claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection legislation. You may access, and, in some cases, edit, update or delete Personal Data you have provided to us. You have the right to decline to share certain elements of Personal Data that we ask you to provide, but keep in mind that the Personal Data may be needed to use our services. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Data after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. The Personal Data you can view, update, and delete may change as the website changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating Personal Data we have on file about you, please contact us at privacy@digiexam.se. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. How Long We Keep Personal Data Personal Data will never be stored longer than necessary in view of the above-mentioned purposes. The criteria for determining the retention period are based on our agreement with your educational institution, the legal obligations we have to adhere to, and our legitimate interest to communicate with you in order to manage the service and any user problems that can occur, as well as marketing purposes. The same Personal Data can be stored in different locations for different purposes. Your Personal Data is only accessible by authorized personnel. In general, we will retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. You may request deletion of your account by contacting us at privacy@digiexam.se. All of your Personal Data will be deleted from our database or de identified when the account is closed. We will store the Personal Data per the user's license requirement or delete the account upon user request. For database backups, we do a daily backup and store up to 90 days. We will retain the backups once a month. Our current data retention policy is to keep each student's data within the active contract period or a minimum duration required for licensing compliance per request from the Customer within the active contract period. We may also choose to anonymize certain - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL parts of the Personal Data you provide to us so that it can no longer be attributed to you if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.] Changes to This Privacy Policy DigiExam reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will note any such changes by updating the publication date of this Privacy Policy and inform our users of this via email including a link to a prominent note on our website. Users of our service will also be notified of changes when logging onto our platform. It is each user's responsibility to review the Privacy Policy when it is changed. If we make significant changes impacting the collection, use, disclosure or retention of Personal Data, we will also provide an email notice to you thirty (30) days in advance of implementing those changes. Questions or Concerns If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message privacy@digiexam.se. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Contact Information DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB Attn: Privacy Director Address: Norra Stationsgatan 93, 113 64 Stockholm, SWEDEN Tel: +46 (0)10-160 44 14 Email: privacy@digiexam.se - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL Verifikat Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Dokument DigiExam Privacy Policy Huvuddokument 7 sidor Skickat av Viktor Löfgren (VL) Signerande parter Viktor Löfgren (VL) DigiExam Personnummer 830315-0133 Org. nr 556869-1504 viktor.lofgren@digiexam.se +46 70 308 27 89 Signerade 2018-05-22 09:50:55 CEST (+0200) Registrerade händelser 2018-05-22 09:50:55 CEST (+0200) 155.4.19.65 Redigeringen av dokumentet avslutades av Viktor Löfgren (VL). Signeringsprocessen inleddes. 2018-05-22 09:50:55 CEST (+0200) 155.4.19.65 Dokumentet signerades av Viktor Löfgren (VL). Detta verifikat är utfärdat av Scrive. Kursiverad information är säkert verifierad. Tidsstämpeln säkerställer att dokumentets äkthet går att bevisa matematiskt och oberoende av Scrive. För mer information se den dolda juridiska bilagan (använd en PDF-läsare som kan visa dolda bilagor). För er bekvämlighet tillhandahåller Scrive även en tjänst för att kontrollera dokumentets äkthet automatiskt på: https://scrive.com/verify 1/1