Cookie Statement Our websites and apps (collectively, "our Websites") use cookies or similar tracking tools on your machine or device in order for us to, for example, personalise your user experience and/or maintain your identity across multiple webpages and/or Internet sessions. What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device by websites or apps in order to remember information about you, such as language preference or login information. These cookies set by us are called "First-party" cookies. We also use "Third-party" cookies for advertising and marketing. What types of cookies are set? Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are critical to enable basic functions of our Websites like page navigation and access to secure areas (customer profile). Our Websites cannot function properly without them. Performance and functionality / Performance cookies: These cookies are used to remember information that changes the way that our Websites behaves and looks, for example, your preferred language or the region where you reside. Analytics / Statistics cookies: These cookies are used to gather information to understand how you interact with our Websites. We may use web analytic service and tools developed by us or provided by Third Party Providers (e.g. Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc.) on the site to help us monitor and analyse visitor traffic, behaviour and statistics on the site. To do so, Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies, which store non-personally identifiable information, to report to us on user interactions on the site. For more details on Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/analytics/. To find out how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please go to the site "How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services" located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Advertising / Marketing cookies: These cookies help to deliver advertisings more relevant to your interests. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. Social networking cookies: Allow visitors to share our pages and content through third-party social networking websites. How long they persist on your browser? There are two types of cookies: Session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are only kept for the length of time of your visit to our Websites, and erase once you close the browser or app. Persistent cookies will be stored on your browser ready for use the next time you visit our Websites. Manage "Cookies" Our Websites are initially set up to accept cookies. You can opt-out of or delete historical cookies by changing the settings on your web or mobile browsers; however, if you do so, you may find that certain features on our Websites do not work properly.