Download PDF PayPal >> View all legal agreements PayPal Privacy Statement Last update: November 07, 2022 Overview Your privacy rights and choices Understanding your rights Understanding your choices Notice to Non-Account Holders The personal information we collect Personal information How we collect personal information about you. How we use tracking technologies like cookies Why we collect personal information How and why we share personal information about you How we protect your personal information How this statement changes over time Contact Us Overview This privacy statement explains how and why PayPal collects, stores, uses, and shares personal information when you visit our websites or use our services. Reading it will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. By using the Site or Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy statement and the applicable user agreement (PayPal, Braintree, Hyperwallet, and Xoom). "Personal information" in this statement means information about you, including your identity, finances, and online behavior. "PayPal" in this statement means PayPal, Inc. This privacy statement applies to the PayPal, Braintree, Xoom, and Hyperwallet services offered by PayPal. To learn about our privacy practices for Venmo, Honey, Happy Returns, Chargehound, or Simility, visit the website and review the privacy statement for those services. Your privacy rights and choices When it comes to how your personal information is collected, stored, used, and shared, you have rights and choices. Understanding your rights You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we've collected about you in the past 12 months. You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal information we have collected about you. If you or an authorized agent want to see or delete your personal information, contact us or submit your request from your account settings. We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we have handled your Privacy Rights. If you or an authorized agent request to see or delete your personal information, we'll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. If we can't verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If you want to delete your personal information, you have choices: • Log in to your account and delete information you previously added. For example, you can delete your profile picture and non-primary addresses in your settings • Call us or contact us and request that we delete specific information • Close your account If you close your account or request that we delete personal information, we still need to keep some personal information so we can: • Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us • Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity • Protect your (or another person's) legal rights, including the right to free speech • Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our services • Comply with laws Depending on where you live and what type of account you use, you may have different rights and choices for managing your personal information. For example, certain State privacy laws do not apply to personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution according to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our Consumer Privacy Notice for more information about their rights under US federal law. Understanding your choices You can control how personal information is collected or shared, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices. Choose how we collect personal information You may choose to limit the personal information you provide when our apps or services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it's important to understand that personal information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some personal information is required for our services to function at all. For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account for you. Choose how connected accounts collect and use personal information If you connect your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your personal information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties' privacy policies to see the choices they offer you. You can control which third-party services you connect to your account and what personal information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account. Choose how we communicate with you Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences. You can click the unsubscribe link in a marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying "STOP," or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account's notification settings or the notification preferences on your device. You won't be able to opt out of messages that are considered necessary for you to manage your account, such as receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account's status that require your attention. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device. Notice to Non-Account Holders If you use our services without creating or logging into an account, we'll still collect personal information, which may include your payment information, device information, and location. When you use our services without creating or logging into an account, we will use this information to provide and improve the service, including to process transactions, prevent fraud, and comply with the law. We may connect this information with your account, if you have one at the time you use the service without logging in, or if you create an account at a later date. When you shop on merchant or partner sites, upon your consent, merchant may share data with PayPal that will be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The personal information we collect We may collect your personal information when you register for or use our services, such as when you create an account, make a payment, send a payout, or make a purchase on a merchant's website. Here are the kinds of personal information that we may collect when you create an account or use our services: 1. Information that identifies you, for example: • First and last name • Address • Phone number • Email IP address • Device Information Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies 2. Records and financial information, for example: • Social Security Number • Government-issued identification • Bank account and routing numbers • Credit and debit card information • Financial information 3. Personal characteristics, for example: • Age or Date of Birth • National origin • Disability • Citizenship • Military status 4. Commercial information, for example: • Online shopping cart information • Purchase history • Order and product information 5. Internet or network activity, for example: Interactions with our services or sites • Shopping history 6. Geolocation data, for example: • Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings IP-based geolocation 7. Audio, electronic, visual, biometric, or similar information, for example: • Call recordings when you talk to customer service • Voice identification, when you consent to this biometric method of authentication • Profile pictures you provide • Photo IDs you voluntarily provide to authenticate your account, which we delete immediately upon authentication. 8. Professional or employment information, for example: • Business information, contact emails and phone numbers • Tax IDs 9. Information we infer based on your personal information, for example: • Fraud and risk assessments • Personalization preferences Personal information How we collect personal information about you We may collect personal information about you from various sources, for example from: • You, when you use PayPal or another PayPal service, such as Xoom, Hyperwallet, or Venmo • Merchants • Our payment partners, such as card networks and payment processors • Financial institutions, such as banks • Credit bureaus • Service providers, such as companies that help us manage risk and fraud, deliver services to you, and market our services If you have an account with PayPal, we will associate information from all these sources with your account to improve your experience and for compliance and analytics purposes. We do not knowingly collect personal information from people who are not allowed to use our sites and services, such as children under the age of 13 or pursuant to the applicable user agreements. Contact us if you believe that we've mistakenly collected personal information from someone not allowed to use our services. We'll delete it immediately, unless we're legally required to keep it. How we use tracking technologies like cookies We or our authorized service providers may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect personal information whenever you use our services, visit our sites, or visit websites that offer our services. The information collected with these technologies helps us personalize your experience, measure the effect of our ads, prevent fraud, and enhance the security of our sites and service. You can disable or decline some cookies for our sites and services. But, since some parts of our service rely on cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use. Some web browsers have an optional setting called "Do Not Track" (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won't function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings. If you want to know more about how we use cookies, read our Cookie Statement. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit About Ads. Why we collect personal information We collect personal information for many reasons, including to improve your experience, and to run our business. Specific reasons why we collect your personal information include: 1. Run our sites and provide better services, for example to help you send or request money, send payouts, make purchases, show you your account information, verify access to your account, and keep your account and payment information up to date. 2. Manage and improve our business. For example, we do user research to improve our products' performance and abilities. We also monitor and analyze our sites to help ensure they work as expected. 3. Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud, including fraud that involves our business partners, strategic ventures, or other individuals and merchants. 4. Send you marketing information about our products and services. We may use personal information to market about our partners, such as merchants. We use personal information to better understand and cater to your interests. 5. Personalize your experience when you use our sites and services, as well as other third-party sites and services. In this case, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our Cookie Statement for more details. 6. Send you locally relevant options, but only if you agree to let us track your location. If you do, this can help us enhance the security of our sites and services, and customize our services by using the right language and personalizing content such as ads and search results. 7. Make it easy for you to find and connect with others. For instance, if you let us access your contacts, we can suggest connections with people you may know. 8. Contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team. 9. Comply with laws and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our services. 10. If you choose to receive a digital receipt via email or text when completing a payment in-store, we'll remember your choice the next time you check-out with the same payment card. How and why we share personal information about you We do not sell your personal information. However, we may share personal information across our services and with other members of the PayPal corporate family, including with Honey to manage our Rewards program. Sometimes we share the personal information we collect with third parties to help us provide services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations. You can review the personal information that we may share by reviewing The personal information we collect section. We may share personal information with: 1. Other members of the PayPal corporate family, including our brands such as Venmo, Honey, Happy Returns, Chargehound, and Hyperwallet. For example, we share data with Honey to manage our Rewards program. 2. Service providers that help us with processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, and security 3. Card networks and payment processors 4. Financial institutions, such as banks we partner with to offer joint products, like Synchrony Bank in connection with PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, the PayPal Cashback Mastercard, and the PayPal Extras Mastercard 5. Credit reporting and collections agencies 6. Courts, governments, regulators, and law enforcement when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires PayPal or members of our corporate family to respond 7. People involved in a transaction, such as other users or merchants and their service providers. 8. Third parties that you asked us to connect with, such as other financial or social media apps. If you want us to stop sharing information with a third party, disconnect your account from that third party. 9. Third-party tools used to help fight spam and abuse. For instance, we use ReCaptcha to help determine whether you're a person or a computer. When you use ReCaptcha, your personal information is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 10. Other third parties to: Investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement o Comply with laws o Facilitate a merger, purchase, or sale of part or all of our business o Comply with card association rules o To prevent physical harm or illegal activity How we protect your personal information Helping to keep your personal information safe against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration is our top priority. To protect your personal information, we use technical, physical, and administrative security measures that include: • Firewalls • Data encryption • Physical access controls at our data centers While we protect our systems and services, you're responsible for keeping your password(s) and account information private. You are also responsible for making sure your personal information is accurate and up to date. If your account is closed, we may keep your personal information and other information as required by law and according to our data retention policy. If we do, we'll continue to handle it as we describe in this statement. How this statement changes over time We'll make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. This helps us stay up to date with changes to our business and the most current laws. After a new version is published, we'll collect, store, use, and protect your personal information as we outline in that revised statement. If the new version reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we'll post it on the Policy Updates or Privacy Statement page of our website at least 21 days before it becomes effective. We may notify you about these changes through email or other communications. Contact Us If you have questions about this privacy statement or your personal information, contact us so we can help. To talk about your PayPal account: • Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 • or visit our Customer Service web portal To talk about your Xoom account: • Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 • or visit our Help Center web portal To talk about your Hyperwallet account: • Call Hyperwallet Customer Service at 1-877-546-8220 • or send an email to privacyofficier@hyperwallet.com Consumer Privacy Notice Last update: March 21, 2022 FACTS WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Why? What? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include: • Social Security number and account balances • Payment history or transaction history • Credit history or credit scores When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. How? All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. This Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal sites or services for your own personal, family, or household purposes. This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to PayPal card processing products such as Braintree or Pro VT. Does PayPal share? Can you limit this sharing? Reasons we can share your personal information For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you Yes Yes For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your Yes transactions and experiences For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness For our affiliates to market to you For nonaffiliates to market to you Questions? We don't share We don't share We don't share Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at https://www.paypal.com/us/smarthelp/contact- us/privacy. Who we are Who is providing this Privacy Statement? This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and/or Xoom accounts. What we do How does PayPal protect my personal information? How does PayPal collect my personal information? Why can't I limit all sharing? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We collect your personal information, for example, when you • open an account or provide account information • use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information • use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. Federal law gives you the right to limit only sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law. Definitions Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. • Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc. Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. • Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf. A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. • Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks, such as Synchrony Bank. Affiliates Nonaffiliates Joint Marketing Other important information We may transfer personal information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions. California: The California Consumer Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the act about personal information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of personal information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your personal information. If your PayPal account has a California mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law. To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our Customer Service web portal. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our Help Center web portal. Vermont: If your PayPal account has a Vermont mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you with non-affiliates unless the law allows or you provide authorization. Nevada: If your PayPal account has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to https://www.paypal.com/smarthelp/home. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov