Disclosure & Payment Compliance How to Shape Policies That Gain Customer Conﬁdence PayPal Business Guide Make your customers feel secure by telling them about your business practices and what you plan to do with the ﬁnancial information they give you. Introduction Selling you products or services online is a great way to start a new business or extend an existing brick-and-mortar business. While the internet and digital technology are transforming commerce, some business basics haven't changed for thousands of years. The relationship between sellers and buyers has always been based on integrity and trust. Trust-building practices, such as personal contact and handshake agreements, are impossible with the internet, but there are ways to communicate honesty and security to your customers while building long-term success. With your online business, you'll likely be accepting credit and debit card payments and managing names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, credit or debit card numbers, and other ﬁnancial information. You'll want to make your customers feel secure by telling them about your business and business practices, as well as what you plan to do with the personal and ﬁnancial information they give you. That's what your "disclosure policy" is all about. Your other responsibility to your customers is to ensure that this personal and ﬁnancial data is protected. An industry standard known as Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard was adopted in 2004 as the result of a collaboration between the various card associations to protect customer information. As a merchant that stores, processes, and transmits credit card data you - and your service providers - are required to comply with this payment standard. Like your disclosure policy, your compliance with PCI helps build good relationships with your customers. Disclosure & Compliance - 2 Disclosure Policy - What You'll Want to Tell Your Customers Your disclosure policy tells your customers that you're honest and dependable - and that you care about them and protecting their information. It shows your customers that you believe in transparency and accountability. It provides a framework and standards for your business policies, how you deal with your customer information, and how you communicate with your customers. Your disclosure policy typically includes ﬁve things: a business description, privacy policy, shipping policy, return policy, and contact information. The more your customers know about you, the more comfortable they'll be giving you their business. So be honest, open, direct, and precise. Here are more details about the ﬁve areas you should cover: 1. Business description. This is simple enough. Write a clear description of what your company does, including what products and services it provides. Post it in a prominent place on your website, often the "About Us" section. Here is an example, using PayPal's business description. 2. Privacy policy. Your privacy policy should clearly state how you treat and protect your customers' information. It's essential that your policy is easy to ﬁnd on your website, usually linked from your homepage. Typical elements of a privacy policy include: • What personally identiﬁable customer information you collect • How the information is used • With whom you share and do not share this information • What choices are available to your customers regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information • What choices are available to your customers regarding communications from you - email, direct mail, etc. • The kind of security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under your control • How your customers can correct any inaccuracies in the information Here is an example, using PayPal's privacy policy. 3. Shipping policy. You've made the sale. Your customers are anxious to get their purchases. So keep that excitement and positive momentum going with a shipping policy that's simple and straightforward: • Spell out your shipping terms in detail, disclosing if costs are determined by weight or the amount of the purchase • Indicate the classes of shipping you offer - ground, express, overnight, etc. • Indicate if you ship to APO, FPO, and international addresses • Tell your customers in what timeframe they can expect their purchase • Show your customers how they can track their shipment. (Your shippers should be able to provide most of this information for you.) Your disclosure policy typically includes: • Business description • Privacy policy • Shipping policy • Return policy • Contact information Disclosure & Compliance - 3 By allowing your customers to return an item in a timely fashion - and making it easy to do so - you are gaining their loyalty. 4. Return policy. Your customers love simplicity - and forgiveness. They sometimes make mistakes and order the wrong products. They may be unfamiliar with what they are ordering, and it's not what they had in mind. By allowing your customers to return an item in a timely fashion - and making it easy to do so - you are gaining their loyalty. A clear return policy also comes in handy if the order arrives damaged. So make it easy for them to initiate returns: • Spell out exactly what your return policy is, for example that you accept returns only as exchanges or you accept returns and will credit their payment card • Be speciﬁc about how many days after purchase the item can be returned in order to get a credit or exchange • Let them know if you charge a restocking fee on returns • Include a return shipping label with every order • Provide clear return instructions, such as asking for a reason for the return and a telephone number in case you have questions • Provide guidance on how to pack the return and where they should bring it to ship it back to you • Include your customer service number or email address in case customers have questions or comments. 5. Contact information. Keep the channels of communication open. Make it easy to your customers to get in touch with you: • Give examples of reasons they may want to contact you, for example questions about privacy policy, return policy, availability of goods, etc. • Provide a phone number, and give the days and hours the phone lines are answered • Provide an email address, and give a timeframe when an answer can be expected • Provide a mailing address, and suggest to whose attention it should be addressed Here is an example, using PayPal's contact information. Disclosure & Compliance - 4 Secure Payment Processing Ensures Customer Trust PayPal's solutions provide secure, reliable payment connections among merchants, customers, and ﬁnancial networks. They take advantage of the latest technical resources to streamline transactions, while helping to prevent fraud. Products including Payﬂow Link, Payﬂow Pro, Website Payments Standard, and Website Payments Pro allow everyone from mom-and-pop online retail stores to enterprise-level businesses to process transactions easily, reliably, and securely. What's more, additional options will allow you to scale quickly and seamlessly as your business grows. PayPal's Fraud Protection Services and Recurring Billing Service for Payﬂow Gateway, along with other customer service packages, include professional integration support. Most importantly, Payﬂow offers one of the industry's few payment processing services with immediate connectivity to all major processors and most shopping carts. Please note that you do not need a PayPal account to process credit cards on your website if you use the Payﬂow Gateway. Once you have your own website, determining which product is right for you is a matter of asking a few simple questions: 1. Do you need an all-in-one solution that includes an internet merchant account and allows you to process credit cards online? If you don't have your own internet merchant or business bank account, PayPal can provide a total solution with Website Payments Standard and Website Payments Pro. Website Payments Pro: Website Payments Pro is an all-in-one payment solution that allows customers to shop and pay on your site. You can accept credit cards directly on your site, or through a virtual terminal, and get the features of a merchant account and gateway through a single provider at a lower cost. Website Payments Pro allows you to control your checkout from start to ﬁnish. Get more information on Website Payments Pro. Website Payments Standard: Website Payments Standard lets customers shop on your website and pay on PayPal. It offers a pay-per-use model with no set-up or monthly fees. Like Website Payments Pro, it includes shipping and tax calculators, reporting tools to measure your business, and support for international currencies. Get more information on Website Payments Standard. 2. Do you have your own internet merchant account or business bank account that allows you to process credit cards online? If you do, consider a PayPal Payﬂow Gateway. Payflow Pro: Scalable and fully customizable, the Payﬂow Pro solution is recommended for merchants who require peak site performance and direct control over payment functionality on their site. Merchants using this service can enhance the customer experience by allowing shoppers to complete the checkout process without ever leaving their site. Get more information on Payﬂow Pro. PayPal's payment products allow everyone from mom-and-pop online retail stores to enterprise- level businesses to process transactions easily, reliably, and securely. Disclosure & Compliance - 5 Merchants can use PayPal as an alternative payment option along with credit cards such as MasterCard and Visa. 3. Do you need a basic payment processing service? Look ﬁrst to a basic PayPal service for processing credit cards payments. These include: PayPal Email Payments: Email Payments lets you send customers email invoices that they can pay on PayPal. This simple solution does not require you to have a shopping cart or an internet merchant account. Get more information on Email Payments. PayPal Virtual Terminal: Virtual Terminal provides your business with the same functionality as a stand-alone, credit card-processing terminal by allowing you to accept credit card payments by phone, fax, and email. You can use Virtual Terminal on any computer with an internet connection. Get more information on Virtual Terminal. PayPal as an Additional Payment Option: This option allows merchants to put the PayPal logo on their own website and accept PayPal as an alternative payment source, in addition to credit cards such as MasterCard or Visa. Get more information on PayPal as an Additional Payment Option. For further details about online payment processing, download the new business guide, "Online Payment Processing: What You Need to Know." For demonstrations of PayPal's payment solutions, download the ﬂash demos here: Website Payments Pro Demo Website Payments Standard Demo Email Payments Demo Payﬂow Pro Demo PayPal as an Additional Payment Option Demo Disclosure & Compliance - 6 Payment Compliance - Safeguarding Your Customers' Account Information PCI data security compliance assures your customers that you're looking out for their safety and well-being. Just as a disclosure policy describes your business and states your business practices, your compliance with the PCI Data Security Standard [see chart below] communicates how much you care about your customers and reinforces an atmosphere of safety for all online merchants. Consumers are becoming increasingly aware of the dangers of identity theft due to compromised data and stolen credit card information. PCI compliance assures your customers that you're looking out for their safety and well-being. Approach it with that in mind, and you transform compliance into a competitive edge and asset instead of a dreaded "must do." Today, virtually all major credit card companies, including American Express®, Diners Club®, Discover® Card, JCB®, MasterCard International®, and Visa® U.S.A., require merchants and service providers to comply with the PCI standard. When you process credit card transactions through a merchant account, you also need to meet PCI validation requirements, including quarterly and annual audits, security self-assessments, and security scans. Your exact validation requirements are determined by your volume of credit card transactions. While validating that you're in compliance with the PCI standard is a requirement [see chart on page 8], it's also an opportunity. Finding and ﬁxing compliance gaps before your audit keeps your company running smoothly and your reputation intact. It provides you with tangible proof that you can communicate to your customers on how well you're protecting them. The quickest and easiest way to meet PCI compliance standards is to outsource the job. A number of PayPal payment solutions are hosted, relieving the online merchant of the compliance responsibility. The PayPal Gateway payment solution, which allows the merchant to handle credit data, does require compliance and validation by the merchants themselves. For more information about PayPal payment solutions and PCI standards, contact PayPal using the contact details on page 10 of this business guide. PCI Data Security Standard Standards Requirements Build and Maintain a Secure Network Protect Cardholder Data Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program Implement Strong Access Control Measures 1. Install and maintain a ﬁrewall conﬁguration to protect data. 2. Do not use vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters. 3. Protect stored data. 4. Encrypt transmission of cardholder data and sensitive information across public networks. 5. Use and regularly update antivirus software. 6. Develop and maintain secure systems and applications. 7. Restrict access to data by business need-to-know. 8. Assign a unique ID to each person with computer access. 9. Restrict physical access to cardholder data. Regularly Monitor and Test Networks 10. Track and monitor all access to network resources and cardholder data. 11. Regularly test security systems and processes. Maintain an Information Security Policy 12. Maintain a policy that addresses information security. Disclosure & Compliance - 7 Merchant levels for PCI compliance The compliance level of each merchant is the responsibility of the merchant's acquiring bank (a bank that provides credit card merchant accounts and is responsible for submitting credit card purchase information to the credit card associations). The four merchant levels are based on annual credit card transaction volume. Level 1 Any merchant - regardless of acceptance channel - processing over 6 million credit card transactions per year. Any merchant that has suffered a hack or an attack that resulted in an account data compromise. Any merchant identiﬁed by any card association as Level 1. Level 2 Any merchant processing 150,000 to 6 million e-commerce transactions per year. Level 3 Any merchant processing 20,000 to 150,000 e-commerce transactions per year. Level 4 Any merchant processing fewer than 20,000 e-commerce transactions per year, and all other merchants processing up to 6,000,000 credit card transactions per year. PCI compliance validation requirements In addition to adhering to the PCI Data Security Standard, compliance validation is required for Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 merchants, and may be required for Level 4 merchants. Validation Action Validated By Level 1 Annual Onsite PCI Data Security Assessment and Quarterly Network Scan Qualiﬁed Data Security Company or Internal Audit if signed by Ofﬁcer of the company Qualiﬁed Independent Scan Vendor Level 2 and 3 Annual PCI Self-Assessment Questionnaire Merchant and Quarterly Network Scan Qualiﬁed Independent Scan Vendor Level 4* Annual PCI Self-Assessment Questionnaire Merchant and Quarterly Network Scan Qualiﬁed Independent Scan Vendor *Level 4 merchants must comply with the PCI Data Security Standard; however, compliance validation for merchants in this category is determined by the merchant's acquirer. Disclosure & Compliance - 8 Beyond Payment Security and Compliance: What PayPal Is Doing to Protect Your Business Against Fraud PayPal's proprietary risk models help detect and predict fraudulent transactions - before they affect your business. The security of your information, transactions, and money is the top priority at PayPal. PayPal Fraud Protection Services leverages the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which provides crucial online identity and security to help establish trust between parties involved in e-commerce transactions. Your customers can be assured that the website they're communicating with is genuine and that the information they send through web browsers stays private and conﬁdential. Moreover, using SSL with an encryption key length of 128 bits (the highest level commercially available), PayPal automatically encrypts your conﬁdential information in transit from your computer to PayPal's servers, which are heavily guarded both physically and electronically. These servers sit behind a monitored electronic ﬁrewall and are not connected directly to the internet, so your private information is available only to authorized computers. PayPal also helps protect your business against fraud, so you can grow while minimizing losses. Proprietary risk models help detect and predict fraudulent transactions - before they affect your business. Industry-recognized address veriﬁcation system (AVS) and card security code checks thwart identity theft. Patent-pending bank account veriﬁcation adds an additional level of authentication. Veriﬁcation gives you more information about the people with whom you transact through PayPal, so you can make more informed decisions. For more details about ways to prevent online credit card fraud and complete information about PayPay's solutions and services, download the new business guide, "Fraud Prevention: What Every Merchant Should Know About Internet Fraud." Disclosure & Compliance - 9 Additional Resources About Disclosure and Compliance There are other online resources that can help you in developing your own disclosure policy and meeting PCI compliance requirements. They include: • The Privacy Planner from BBBOnLine: It can help you create a simple, solid, online privacy policy for your e-commerce business: http://www.privacyplanner.com. • The Direct Marketing Association (DMA) offers a small business- friendly online privacy policy generator: http://www.the-dma.org/privacy/privacypolicygenerator.shtml. • The Federal Trade Commission offers valuable information on preventing identity theft at: http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft/. Also be sure to visit the central FTC site at http://www.ftc.gov/ for additional information and advice. • Both the Visa and MasterCard websites have extensive information about meeting PCI Payment Data Security Standards: http://www.visa.com and http://www.mastercard.com. PayPal is always available to answer your questions and provide guidance on establishing and developing your e-commerce site. Remember that PayPal is always available to answer your questions and provide guidance on compliance best practices for your e-commerce site. For more information, visit the PayPal site at https://www.paypal.com and follow the Merchant Services links. Questions about the information you've just read? PayPal is here to help. Send a question, and we'll get you an answer in two business days: http://www.paypal.com/Questions. Or if you have a question and need an immediate answer, call a sales representative at 1-866-784-3640, Monday through Friday, 6:00 AM CT to 7:00 PM CT. PayPal Business Guide - Disclosure & Compliance © 2006 PayPal, Inc. All rights reserved. PayPal, Payﬂow, and the PayPal logo are registered trademarks of PayPal, Inc. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Notice of Non-Liability PayPal, Inc. and the authors assume no liability for errors or omissions, or for damages, resulting from the use of this guide or the information contained in this guide. Disclosure & Compliance - 10