Notice of Personal Information Data Collection For applicants, employees, and/or contractors of Sacramento River Cats Baseball Club, LLC ("Company") who are California residents, we provide you with this Notice of Personal Information Data Collection ("Notice") to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and other applicable California privacy laws. The Notice discloses the categories of personal information the Company collects and outlines the purpose for the collection of such information. The Company may collect the categories of personal information as summarized in the table below. Personal information does not include:  Publicly available information from government records.  De-identified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as: o health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act ("CMIA") or clinical trial data; o personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FRCA"), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") or California Financial Information Privacy Act ("FIPA"), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. Sources of Personal Information Collected All of the categories of personal information the Company collects about you (as detailed below) come from you or your representatives, or from Company vendors, third-party service providers, and others for whom you have provided your personal information and authorized its release. Categories of Personal Information Collected For purposes of this Notice, "personal information" under the CCPA, includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household or device ("personal {3008938.DOCX;} 1 | P a g e information"). In particular, the Company collects some or all the following information in the following categories of personal information: Category Examples Collected [Insert YES or NO] A. Identifiers. A name, signature, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number or state identification card number, passport number, telephone number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, job applications, resumes, reference checks, background checks, interview notes, candidate evaluation records, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. B. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). C. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. D. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, sleep, temperature, health, or exercise data. E. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. F. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. G. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. {3008938.DOCX;} 2 | P a g e H. Professional or employment-related information. I. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. J. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Purposes for Company's Use of Personal Information The Company uses the collected personal information under the above categories for one or more of the following purposes:  Pre-employment verification.  Performing background checks. Interview and travel coordination.  Payroll.  Benefit enrollment and administration.  Enable user logins.  Reporting for security, cost tracking, and user verification. In connection with various affirmative action plans. In connection with veteran reporting. In connection with EE01 reporting.  Employee verification and time clocks. {3008938.DOCX;} 3 | P a g e  Workplace health and safety.  To administer and manage employee performance.  To promote the Company and/or individual employees through print and online advertisements as well as social media promotion.  Compliance with state and federal law requiring employers to maintain certain records.  Such other uses that the Company notifies applicants, employees, and/or contractors about before collecting personal information. Disclosure and Protection The Company does not sell personal information to third parties. The Company will, when necessary, disclose personal information to: (1) comply with federal, state, or local laws; (2) to comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; (3) to administer employee benefits with a third-party service provider; (4) to cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that the business, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law; (5) as requested and authorized by the particular individual whose personal information is to be disclosed; and (6) to exercise or defend legal claims. The Company will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without first providing notice to the individual. The Company will take reasonable steps to secure and protect the personal information it collects so as to protect the privacy interests of the individual. Changes to Our Data Collection Practice The Company's practices of collecting personal information may be revised periodically and if and when they are, the Company will provide a revised version of this Notice. Questions about this Notice should be directed to Isabella Guedes. / / / / / / / / / {3008938.DOCX;} 4 | P a g e / / / / / / {3008938.DOCX;} 5 | P a g e