<div><h2>  Privacy Policy

</h2></div> <div><h2>  Hanwha Techwin Privacy Statement

Hanwha Techwin Co., Ltd and our affiliates (“Hanwha”) respect your privacy.  This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we obtain about consumers and other individuals identified below, how we use that personal information, with whom we may share it, and the choices available regarding our use and sharing of personal information.  By providing personal and other information to Hanwha, and by using our Services (as defined in our Terms of Service) you agree to this Privacy Statement. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Statement have the meaning given to them in our Terms of Service. This Privacy Statement is incorporated in our Terms of Service.
</h2></div> <div><h3>  INFORMATION WE COLLECT
</h3></div> Information We Obtain About You In connection with providing our Products and Services, we obtain personal information. The types of personal information we may collect about you include: Where permitted by applicable law, you may choose to use additional functionality in our Services that, through video data from your Products, can recognize facial characteristics of persons whose images are captured by your video recording Products. If you choose to activate this feature, we obtain certain facial feature information about the visitors you ask the Services to recognize. We require your explicit consent before you can take advantage of the facial recognition feature. Privacy and video surveillance laws in your jurisdiction may apply to your use of our Products and Services. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Products and Services complies with applicable law. You are responsible to display any legally required notice concerning your use of the Products and Services, for example, signage that alerts visitors that you are recording them. Capturing, recording or sharing video or audio content that involves other people, or capturing others peoples' facial feature information, may affect their privacy rights. The face recognition feature is not available to residents of the State of Illinois. If you reside in the State of Illinois you agree not to use the face recognition feature in our Services. From time to time, we may also ask you to consider participating in marketing surveys to help us improve our Products and Services. If you choose to participate in our surveys, you will be asked to provide general demographic information or feedback. Your participation in our surveys is always voluntary. If you do not wish to share your demographic information or feedback with us, you do not have to. If you do participate, we may use your responses, together with other responses we receive, to evaluate and improve our sites, services, and products. We will never publicly disclose your survey responses in a manner that will divulge your personal information or link your responses to you. Information We Collect Through Automated Technologies About Your Interaction With Our Products and Services We may use automated technologies, including cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other technologies, to collect information about your interaction with our Products and Services. We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your devices, browsing actions, and usage patterns. For example, when you use our Services, we may use analytics technologies to retrieve information from your browser, including the site you came from, the search engine(s) and the keywords you used to find our site, the pages you view within our site, your browser add-ons, and your browser's width and height. We may also use technologies, such as cookies, pixels and web beacons, to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our sites and services. Additionally, we collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring Web site addresses. When using a Mobile Application, we may use automated technologies to collect information relating to your device, including your device IP address, device identifiers, the type and characteristics of your device, and language preferences. We also use third-party analytics tools (including Google Analytics) to assist us with analyzing and improving our Services. For more information about how your information may be used in connection with our implementation of Google Analytics (including information on how you may opt-out of sharing your information or control how your information is shared), please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You may be able to control the settings of your device or browser to stop accepting all or certain types of cookies, or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you set your device or browser to reject cookies, parts of our Sites may not work for you. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device. Your selection of the "Do Not Track" option provided by your device or browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes. The only way to completely "opt out" of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your device and/or browser to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, beacons and related tracking technologies, visit allaboutcookies.org). We also may permit third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other automated technology to collect information about your activities over time and across different sites and applications through which you access and use our Services. For example, we may use advertising services provided by third-party ad partners, such as Google AdWords and AdRoll, to market our services to you on other websites and online services. These partners use cookies and other technologies to identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity. To avoid use of this information for advertising by these third-party ad partners, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the Do Not Track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third party ad parties honor the Do Not Track browser signal. Additionally, many advertising companies are members of the NAI or DAA and/or provide opt-outs on those industry pages at networkadvertising.org/choices or aboutads.info/choices. The information we and our partners obtain using these automated technologies helps us remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; track and understand how you use and interact with our Products and Services; tailor the Services around your preferences; measure the usability of our Products and Services and the effectiveness of our communications; and otherwise manage and enhance our Products and Services, including to help ensure they are working properly. <div><h3>  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we obtain to:


We may also use your information in an aggregated, non-identified form for research purposes and to help us make sales, marketing, and business decisions. 

We may use service providers to perform some of these functions. Those service providers are restricted from sharing your information for any other purpose.

We use industry-standard methods to keep this information safe and secure while it is transmitted from your devices, over your home network and through the Internet to our servers. Depending on your location and type of data, we may process your personal information on servers that are not in your home country, and which may be in a country that has different data privacy and security laws and/or standards than those in your home country. By using our Products and Services, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country. 

We also may use the personal information we collect about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your consent if required by applicable law.

In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with us, information collected through one Service or method may be combined with information obtained through other Services and/or methods. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other sources. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Hanwha without your consent.  See the Communication Preferences section below for more information.

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting the Sites, Web Applications and Mobile Applications, processing transactions and payments, or performing statistical analysis of the Services by you and other users. We also may share personal information with our business partners with whom we jointly offer products and services, and to the extent you connect to third-party products or services within or through the Services. Those service providers and business partners with whom we share your information will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the services they perform for us. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. However, some of our third-party vendors may use anonymized aggregate data to improve their services. For example, with regard to credit card processing services, our fraud detection vendors may use aggregate data to help them more accurately detect fraudulent uses of credit cards. 

We may access or disclose your personal information, including the content of your communications:  (a) to comply with the law or legal process (such as a subpoena), or to respond to lawful requests of government agencies; (b) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (c) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (d) to protect the rights or property of HANWHA or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the services; (e) acting on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of HANWHA’s employees, customers, or the public; (f) as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets, in which case, this Privacy Statement will continue to apply unless and until the surviving entity or transferee changes it in compliance with its terms; or (g) otherwise with your consent.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  ACCESSING AND EDITING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

You might have the ability to view or edit your personal information via the Services. In order to help prevent your personal information from being viewed by others, you will be required to sign in with your credentials (User ID and/or e-mail address, and password). You can access and update your information by logging into your account and clicking on the “My Account” page.  Some Services may collect personal information that is not accessible via the “My Account” page. However, in such cases, you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the Services.  Or, you may also contact us by phone at 1.844.947.3638 (Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. - 11 p.m. Eastern time, Saturday & Sunday, 9 a.m. – 9 p.m. Eastern time) or by e-mail at cs@wisenetlife.com. 
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Communication Preferences

You can stop the delivery of future promotional materials from us by following the specific instructions in the materials you receive (e.g., by clicking the “Unsubscribe” or “Safe Unsubscribe” links at the bottom of the bottom of the message).

This choice does not apply to the display of online advertising. Nor does it apply to the receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service. 
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Display of Advertising

Many of the Services we offer, as well as those of our partners, are supported by advertising. We may display ads on our own sites and on the sites of our advertising partners. 

When we display digital advertisements to you, we will place one or more persistent cookies on your device in order to recognize your device each time we display an ad to you. Because we may serve advertisements on many different Web sites, we are able to compile information over time about where you, or others who are using your devices, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements we display. We may use this information to make predictions about your characteristics, interests, or preferences and to display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you. We may also associate this information with your subsequent visit, purchase, or other activity on participating advertisers’ Web sites in order to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements. 

We may use third party advertising partners, such as Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise the Products and Services across the Internet. Google AdWords Remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Services you have viewed or accessed by placing a cookie on your device. This cookie does not identify you or give access to your computer. The cookie is used to say "This person visited a particular page on this web site, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.  If you do not wish to participate in our use of Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.   
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Security of Your Personal Information

HANWHA is committed to protecting the security of your personal information and information collected for advertising purposes. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Likewise, any of our third-party vendors with access to your information are required to take similar steps to protect the security of your information. Nevertheless, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic data storage is 100% secure.  Consequently, while HANWHA strives to use commercially reasonable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  We remind you always to exercise discretion when you share information over the Internet.  

If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users. 
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Collection and Use of Children’s Personal Information
HANWHA is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities. We do not target our Services to children less than thirteen (13) years of age, nor do we knowingly collect information from such children for the purpose of selling products or services. If you believe we may have received personal information from a child less than 13 years of age, please contact us immediately.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Controlling Unsolicited E-mail (“Spam”)
HANWHA is concerned about controlling unsolicited commercial e-mail, or “spam.”  We will not sell, lease or rent our e-mail subscriber lists to third parties. While we continue to actively review and implement new technology, such as expanded filtering features, there is no currently available technology that will totally prevent the sending and receiving of unsolicited e-mail. Using junk e-mail tools and being cautious about the sharing of your e-mail address while online will help reduce the amount of unsolicited e-mail you receive.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Links to Other Websites
The Services may contain links to other websites or services that are not owned or controlled by HANWHA.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies or statements, or terms of use or service for such third-party websites.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites and to read the applicable privacy policies and terms of use for any third-party websites you may visit or services you may use.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  International Visitors to Our Sites
Our sites are hosted in various jurisdictions, including South Korea, Japan and the United States of America (the “Home Jurisdictions”).  If you are located outside of the Home Jurisdictions, please be aware that the laws in your location governing the collection and use of your personal information may differ from applicable laws in the Home Jurisdictions. If you do visit our sites or use the Services, or otherwise share your personal information with us, please note that you are voluntarily transferring your information to the Home Jurisdictions, that you consent to that transfer, that you agree to be bound by this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Service, and that you agree to waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other rights or protections you may have under the laws of your location or any other jurisdiction outside of the Home Jurisdictions.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Changes to This Privacy Statement
Please note that this privacy statement may change from time to time. We will provide notice of any changes on the website or by contacting you. We encourage you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how we are collecting, using, sharing and protecting your information.
</h3></div> <div><h3>  Contacting Us
Hanwha welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement or the Services generally.  If you have questions about this privacy statement, or if you have a technical or general support questions, please contact us by phone at 1-844-947-3638. 

Hanwha Techwin Co., Ltd., 6, Pangyo-ro 319 beon-gil, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 463-400 Rep. of Korea 

© 2018 Hanwha Techwin Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved. 

Privacy Statement last updated May 23, 2018.

</h3><p>  Copyright@2017 HANWHA TECHWIN Co, LTD. 
</p></div> <span><span>  All rights Reserved.


</span></span>