Privacy Policy of December 18th, 2018 audio content & control GmbH ("audio CC," "we", or "us") is a technology provider offering the service of running audio ads on audio publishers' inventory. This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when: (A) you visit https://www.audio-cc.com/ or other websites belonging to audio CC (the "Sites"), (B) you tune into an audio publisher's inventory (the "Inventory") and receive audio ads provided by us targeted using your personal information. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information." We collect Device Information using the following technologies: - "Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. We also collect or receive data from our Inventory through third parties to be able to target our audio ads to the listeners who might be interested in them. This data includes but is not limited to browser identifier, wireless carrier, IP address, device type (website player, smartphone apps, media player, etc.) and browsing information. We may collect information about your mobile device, including, for example, the hardware model, operating system and version, type of mobile browser, software names, versions, preferred language, real-time location (based on information provided by your device OS), and mobile network information. The collection and use of this data is governed by the privacy policy and legal terms of the third party; it is not governed by audio CC. For those of you residing in the EEA, we strictly follow the instructions of these third parties. In any case, we do not collect or process your name, physical address, email address, phone number or other sensitive data. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Sites--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. DO NOT TRACK Please note that we do not alter our data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. YOUR RIGHTS If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. DATA SECURITY We take all reasonable measures to protect the information we collect and store. All data is stored in a secure facility and we strictly control access to the data. CHANGES We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@audio-cc.com or by mail using the details provided below: audio content & control GmbH Münsterstr. 246 40470 Düsseldorf Germany