This text is privacy, cookies and data protection policy ("Policy") of www.adtarget.com.tr ("Adtarget"). This Policy describes the types of personal data collected through websites and / or Twitter, Facebook, other social networking sites ("Sites"), and how personal data can be used and / or shared with whom. This Policy also explains how you can contact us to update your contact information, access our personal data we collect in connection with marketing communications and activities, and check their use or find answers to your privacy practices on these Sites. If you recognize a violation of privacy policy by the site, please report us. www.adtarget.com.tr E-mail: info@adtarget.com.tr Telefon: +90 850 939 94 08 Adres: Barbaros Mh. Ardıç Sk. Varyap Meridian G2 Blok K.1 D.4 Ataşehir/İSTANBU Registration Users should fill the registration form to register to www.adtarget.com.tr . System wants to user fill company name, phone number, e-mail and information about company and products during the registration process. These informations used by Adtarget are to create a user profile and to instruct about its new services. This data, demographic or other data collected about you will be primarily considered as Personal Data. If you do not want your Personal Data to be processed by Adtarget, please do not send or request your data or information to us. Username and Password User can login only by using own username and password. Data Collection and Use Adtarget only collects anonymous information. Adtarget only collects anonymous data through anonymous cookies that record:  events related to your activity on the partner's website (such as the number of pages viewed, the products you viewed on that website, your searches made on the partner's website) information provided by trusted partners that may include socio-demographic data such as age range,  and events related to the Adtarget ad serving activity such as the number of ads displayed to you. You may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about each time you visit the Sites or when you interact with the Sites, how to access Adtarget Sites and how to use the Sites ( "usage data"). Usage data include, in part, browser type, operating system, visited page, time, user counter visiting sites and previously viewed pages. Usage data is statistical data that gives us information about the use of Sites such as the number of people visiting a particular page on the Sites, the duration of the page visit and the "click" bridges (if they were clicked). These usage data help keep sites up-to-date and interesting for visitors and adapt the content to visitors' interests. Usage data is generally not personally identifiable, but if Adtarget associates this data with you as a private and identifiable person, they will treat them as Personal Data. Adtarget knows that your internet browser has visited one of our partner sites in the last 30 days. Adtarget does not collect your personal information, does not know who you are, your workplace, date of birth, e-mail address or any personal information about you, your IP address for targeting purposes is not used or stored. Information on sensitive issues such as religion, political opinion and health is not collected. Controlling the Use of Your Information Disclosure of Information to Third Parties: Adtarget will never share your personal information with non-affiliate third parties without your consent. Non- personal information collected by our advertising technologies may be shared with our clients and partners for the purposes of delivering targeted online advertisements or aggregated reporting. Children: Sites are not intended for children under the age of 13 years. Personally identifiable data of children under the age of 13 is not intentionally collected. If the user is found to be under 13 years of age after the data is collected, his / her personal data will not be retained without the consent of the parent / guardian of that user. If a child less than 13 years of age is identified as being personally identifiable, this data is deleted from the records. Sensitive Information: Adtarget never knowingly collect sensitive information such as financial account numbers, social security numbers, pharmaceutical prescriptions, or medical records. Publishing Commercial Information Commercial demand, company posted that have left by user on this Site are open for all users of this site. Deciding whether to release personal information in these fields should be considered in this situation. Updating Informations User can update or delete personal informations by using links on members area. User should send an e-mail to info@adtarget.com.tr to cancel the membership. Newsletter Messages www.adtarget.com.tr can send advertising, campaigns, newsletters, products, congratulatory messages and special offers about user's products. The user can leave the mailing list by clicking on the "I want to exit the mailing list" link in the mail and this mail will not be sent to him any more. Sharing Informations Users' demographics can be shared with the site's advertisers, which do not involve transferring their personal information to users. If www.adtarget.com.tr presents its services to a third party through its services (payment infrastructure etc.), the information required for the realization of that service is forwarded to the third party. The party cannot use this information for any purpose other than the realization of the service. Cookies: Adtarget tags users who visit their partner websites using anonymous cookies. Users tagged with Adtarget have an anonymous identifier in the cookie. Cookies are never kept with personal information such as name, address of the user. Browser cookies keep products viewed by visitors for people who have visited one of the partner websites that Adtarget has shown ads. What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. There are two types of cookies;  Session cookies are used to make it easier for you to navigate on websites. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.  Permanent cookies are used to run our technology as they enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our partners' websites. Permanent cookies remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Ads are published on many websites by publishers. These publishers may leave cookies in your browser. The publisher can re-target you for custom ads that exist on the Adtarget system. You must notify Adtarget to cancel this targeting. You can cancel this targeting by clearing cookies from the browser. These steps are different for each browser. You should find the settings tab in your browser. You can delete your cookies in the Privacy settings area. Follow these steps to clean cookies. 1. Click the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar. 2. Select Settings. 3. Click Show advanced settings. 4. In the "Privacy" section, click the Content settings button. 5. In the "Cookies" section, you can change cookies settings and delete cookies. Log Files The site management uses IP addresses to view trends, monitor user movements, and collect demographic information to increase usage. IP addresses do not allow users to identify themselves. Links There are links to other sites from Adtarget websites. www.adtarget.com.tr is not responsible for the content and privacy policies of other sites linked from this site. Competition and Surveys From time to time, users are asked for information for surveys, competition. Participation in these surveys and competitions is optional, and the user decides whether to provide information or not. The requested information may include contact information (such as name, address), and demographic information (such as age, gender). Survey questions are used to track the use of the site and to measure the satisfaction of the site. In this case, the information you provide will be treated as Personal Data. Security All precautions have been taken for the safety of the user's information on this site. This information is encrypted with SSL technology when the user provides credit card information via the website. The browser is locked when you are in a secure page, such as an order form. In addition, for the security of Adtarget Personal Data, in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act No. 6698, it takes all kinds of measures. If you have any questions or comments about this policy, or if you are concerned about the processing of your personal data, please contact us. www.adtarget.com.tr Dispute Resolution If there is a conflict with Adtarget about this Policy, Turkish Law will be enforced and Istanbul (Anadolu) Courts and Execution Offices will be authorized.