California Privacy Policy Additional California Consumer Rights If you are a resident of California, you have additional rights to access and control your Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Right to Know (Personal Information Disclosure Request) As a California resident, you have the right to request twice in a 12-month period that we provide you (i) the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for which we collected your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of Service Providers or Third Parties with whom we shared your Personal Information; and (v) the categories of Third Parties to whom we sold your Personal Information. We are not permitted to provide access to specific pieces of Personal Information if the Personal Information is sensitive or creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person (e.g., financial information, social security numbers, and driver's license numbers). To protect your Personal Information, we will take steps to validate your identity before any information is shared. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. Right to Deletion (Delete My Personal Information Request) As a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we have collected about you. Please understand that we are not required to honor a deletion request if a legal exemption applies such as if we need the information to complete a requested or reasonably anticipated transaction, prevent security incidents or fraud, enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations, or comply with legal obligations. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. Submitting a Request If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you may submit a request by email or write to us at: Radwell International Inc, 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046, USA Authorized Agent If you are an authorized agent submitting a request for a California resident, you must provide a copy of a lawful power of attorney or written authorization from the Consumer (along with proof of your identity). If you make a request as an authorized agent, you will receive additional instructions. We may contact you or the Consumer on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your authorization. Non-Discrimination Notice We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their privacy rights under law or this Privacy Policy. California "Do Not Track" Disclosure Do Not Track is a web browser privacy preference that causes the web browser to broadcast a signal to websites requesting that a user's activity not be tracked. Currently, our Sites and Services do not respond to "do not track" signals. Radwell International Inc | Registered address 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046. United States of America. California Privacy Policy Contact If you have any questions about our Sites, Services, or this Privacy Policy, please email or write to us at: Radwell International Inc, 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046, USA Last updated 07-01-2020 These policies are directed at our global residents and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the Radwell International website, country of origins Law. Any disputes arising from this website shall be dealt with by the website's country of origins courts. No representations are made as to whether the information is applicable or available in any other country that may have access to it. Copyright © 2020 Radwell International Inc. All rights reserved. Radwell Global Policies Radwell International Inc | Registered address 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046. United States of America.