Privacy Policy 2023 Tia Te'aire LLC's Privacy Policy 2023 Welcome to Tia Te'aire LLC. This document outlines our privacy practices and policies and provides information about confidentiality and laws related to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal safety, health, and private information while engaged in services through our organization. Who We Are? Tia Te'aire is a Certified Reiki Master Practitioner, Certified Community Health Worker, Certified Life Coach, and Certified Neuro-Linguistic Programming Practitioner. Tia Te'aire is not a licensed medical professional, however she has over 14 years of healthcare background and experience and is a student majoring in psychology in behavior analysis. What is Personal Health and Safety Information? Personal health information is data that can be used to identify a person and details of their healthcare. This may include contact information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address), personal characteristics (e.g., age, gender, cultural/ethnic background), and health details (e.g., presenting issues, health history, medical/mental health conditions, treatments being received). Collection and Use of Personal Safety and Health Information: To provide the best possible services, Tia Te'aire LLC may on certain occasions collect some personal safety, and or health information about you. We may also ask you to complete questionnaires or other self-report tests to enable a better understanding of your emotional, healing, trauma, and mental health- related needs. The primary purpose of collecting this information is so we may be able to: • Evaluate your healing needs. Privacy Policy 2023 • Recommend appropriate courses of action towards mental healing; and • Provide coaching or outsourcing and referrals. Electronic Communication of Personal Health and Safety Information ("telecommunications"): Tia Te'aire LLC offers e-mail communication, messenger apps, video conferencing, & texting as a method of contact between yourself and our company. We use e-mail to provide appointment confirmations and reminders as well as to perform consultations. Consultations also may be provided through phone, video conferencing, text and messenger apps. We may also use e-mail to communicate with you about appointment bookings and cancellations. E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text are convenient and efficient; however, communicating by e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text also includes risks that should also be considered. E-mail is not recognized as a secure form of communication. Risks of transmitting your information by e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text include, but are not limited to, the following: • The privacy and security of e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text communication cannot be guaranteed; • E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text is easier to falsify than phone, fax or mail. It is also impossible to verify the true identity of the sender, or to ensure that only the recipient can read the e-mail, messenger apps and text once it has been sent; • E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text can introduce viruses into a computer and phone system, and potentially damage or disrupt the computer or phone; • E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text can be forwarded, intercepted, circulated, stored, or even changed without the knowledge or permission of the sender or recipient. E-mail, messenger apps, and text senders can easily misaddress an e-mail, message or text, resulting in it being sent to unintended and unknown recipients; and Privacy Policy 2023 • E-mail, message and text create a permanent record. Even after the sender and recipient have deleted their copies of the e-mail, message and text, back-up copies may exist on a computer, cloud or in cyberspace. We will use reasonable means to protect the security and confidentiality of e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text information sent and received. However, because of the risks outlined above, we cannot guarantee the security and confidentiality of e-mail communication, messenger apps, text, or video conferencing. Consent to the use of telecommunications indicates your agreement with the following conditions: • Telecommunications from you containing clinically relevant information may be stored in full in the care of Tia Te'aire LLC. Because these would become part of our database, other individuals authorized to access this database among the company and affiliates will have access to those e-mails, messages and texts; Tele-Services (Virtual and Telephone-based Sessions): Tia Te'aire LLC offers virtual (video conferencing) and telephone-based options for all sessions. Virtual care is offered through the Zoom platform. Zoom is privacy compliant. Virtual care requires the use of a webcam or smartphone, and a link to the virtual session will be provided by e-mail prior to the session. We highly recommend you test your video/audio settings the day before your session, and contact Zoom's tech support for assistance if needed. In the event of technical problems during your session, a back-up plan (e.g., a phone number where you can be reached) will be used to restart the session or to reschedule it. Your provider may elect to use a different video conferencing platform; the benefits/risks of that platform will be discussed with you prior to beginning virtual sessions. Telephone-based sessions will involve your provider contacting you by phone at your scheduled appointment time. Please note that in some cases, the Caller ID may show up as "Unknown", "PRIVATE" or blocked. We ask you to ensure you are available and can answer the call at the scheduled appointment time. Privacy Policy 2023 Engaging in sessions using virtual care or by telephone encompasses risks that should also be considered. Consent to the use of virtual and telephone-based sessions indicates your agreement with the following conditions: • Confidentiality still applies for mental health tele-services, and the session will not be recorded by Tia Te'aire LLC, your provider or yourself without permission from the other person(s). • It is important to be in a quiet, private space that is free of distractions during the session. • It is important to use a secure internet connection rather than public/free Wi-Fi. Disclosure of Personal Health Information: In accordance with the laws, professional standards, and ethical codes we follow, the information you share with Tia Te'aire LLC remains confidential. This means your information will not be disclosed to anyone without your consent, with the exception of the specific situations outlined below. Tia Te'aire is a Mandated Reporter. Your information may be released without your consent in the following situations: 1. Abuse / Neglect If there are reasonable grounds to suspect that a child under 16 years of age or a classified vulnerable adult is, or may be, in need of protection, Tia Te'aire LLC must, by law, report this information to Child Protection Services or The Vulnerable Adult Hotline in your state. Examples of reportable situations include physical harm/abuse, sexual abuse, emotional harm (e.g., verbal abuse, humiliation, witnessing violence), or a pattern of neglect or failure to protect a child or vulnerable adult from harm. Additionally, if there are reasonable grounds to suspect that a resident of a nursing, retirement or other long-term care home has suffered harm, or is at risk of harm due to improper or incompetent treatment or care, unlawful conduct, abuse or neglect, or possible misuse or misappropriation of the resident's money or funding, Tia Te'aire LLC is required to report this information to the Registrar for your Long Term Care & Nursing Home Facilities in your state. Privacy Policy 2023 1. Court Order Our records can be subpoenaed by a court order and Tia Te'aire LLC may be required to testify and give information obtained during the course of any assessment and sessions. This information would never be provided voluntarily without your direct request or permission without the court order. 1. Missing Persons If the police present a Court Order, Search Warrant or Urgent Demand for records related to a missing person, Tia Te'aire LLC is required to provide the information and/or records sought by police in order to assist with locating that missing person. Access to Your Personal Health Information & Requests for Correction: With a few exceptions, you have the right to access your information. This means that you may request to read notes in your file and for a copy of your health information. In these cases, your provider will review the clinical notes with you and can help you understand any information that is not clear (e.g., short-forms, technical terms, etc.). Copies of your file will take time to provide due to the busy nature of our company - we will provide an estimate of the time-frame and cost when your request is made. If we cannot give you access, we will advise you in writing within 30 days if possible, and will outline the reason, as best we can, as to why we cannot give you access. Storage and Destruction of Personal Health Information: A record containing your personal health information and information about your sessions and other materially relevant interactions are maintained in a secured place while you are engaged in Tia Te'aire LLC's services. Your personal health information will be retained for a period of 1 year after our last contact with you. Any personal health information that is stored electronically is protected by appropriate security Privacy Policy 2023 measures (e.g., PHIPA-compliant software that includes bank-level encryption). After 1 year, your personal information is destroyed in a secure manner that protects your privacy. Your Provider maintains responsibility for your client file.