MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN SERVICES Notice of Privacy Practices and Notice of Rights and Responsibilities (Effective Date: November 2018) DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Notice of Privacy Practices This part of the notice describes how private or confidential information about you may be used and disclosed. Please review it carefully. Why do we ask for this information? • To tell you apart from other people with the same or similar name • To decide what you are eligible for • To help you get medical and mental health services and decide whether you can pay for some services • To decide whether you or your family need protective services • To decide about out-of-home care and in-home care for you or your children • To make reports, do research, do audits, and evaluate our programs • To investigate reports of people that may lie about the help they need or to get assistance they may not be entitled to receive • To collect money from other agencies, like insurance companies, if they should pay for your care • To collect money from the state or federal government for help we give you Why do we ask you for your Social Security number? We need your Social Security number (SSN) to give you Medical Assistance (MA), some kinds of financial help, and child support enforcement services (42 USC 666; Minn. Stat. 256L.04, subd. 1a; 42 CFR 435.910). We also need your SSN to verify identity and prevent duplication of state and federal benefits. Additionally, your SSN is used to conduct computer data matches with our partner nonprofit and private agencies to verify income, resources, and other information that may affect your eligibility or benefits. You do not have to give us the SSN for people in your home who are not applying for coverage. You also do not have to give us your SSN: • If you have religious objections • If you are not a U.S. citizen and are applying for Emergency Medical Assistance only • If you are from another country, are in the U.S. on a temporary basis, and do not have permission from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) to live in the U.S. permanently • If you are living in the U.S. without the knowledge or approval of the USCIS Page 1 of 7 Why do we ask you for your financial information? We use this information only for the purposes authorized by law, such as verifying eligibility or determining the amount of a premium. We will not share this information with any other person or entity. Do you have to answer the questions we ask? You do not have to give us your personal information. Without the information, we may not be able to help you. If you give us wrong information on purpose, you could be investigated and then charged with a crime. With whom may we share information? We will share information about you only as needed and as allowed or required by law. We may share your information with the following agencies or people who need the information to do their jobs: • Employees or volunteers with other state, county, local, federal, and partner nonprofit and private agencies • Researchers, auditors, investigators, and others that do quality-of-care reviews and studies or begin prosecutions or legal actions related to managing the human services programs • Court officials, county attorneys, attorneys general, other law enforcement officials, child support officials, child protection and fraud investigators, and fraud prevention investigators • Human services offices, including child support enforcement offices • Governmental agencies in other states administering public benefits programs • Health care providers, including mental health agencies and drug and alcohol treatment facilities • Health care insurers, health care agencies, managed care organizations and others that pay for your care • Guardians, conservators or people with power of attorney who are authorized representatives • Coroners and medical investigators if you die and they investigate your death • Credit bureaus, creditors or collection agencies if you do not pay fees you owe to us for services, in limited situations • Certified application counselors, in-person assisters, and navigators and anyone else the law says we must or can give the information to What are our responsibilities? • We must protect the privacy of your personal, health care and other private information according to the terms of this notice. • We may not use your information for reasons other than the reasons listed on this form or share your information with people and agencies other than those listed on this form unless you tell us in writing that we can. • We will not sell any data collected, created, or maintained as part of this application. • We must follow the terms of this notice and give you a copy of it, but we may change our privacy policy. Those changes will apply to all information we have about you. The new notice will be available on request, and we will put changes to it on our website at https:// edocs.dhs.state.mn.us/lfserver/Public/DHS-4839E-ENG. • The law requires us to keep your private information private and secure. • If something happens that causes your private information to no longer be private and secure, we will let you know right away. This part of the notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully. We can use and share your health care information to • Help manage the health care treatment you receive • We can use your health information and share it with professionals who are treating you. Example: A doctor sends us information about your diagnosis and treatment plan so we can arrange additional services. • We can also share your information with guardians, conservators or people with power of attorney who are authorized representatives • Run our organization • We can use and share your information to run our organization and contact you when necessary. This includes sharing your information with employees or volunteers with other state, county, local, federal, and partner nonprofit and private agencies, including child support offices. • We can share your information with these people and groups: º Auditors, investigators, and others that do quality-of- care reviews and studies º Credit bureaus, creditors or collection agencies if you do not pay fees you owe to us for services, in limited situations º Certified application counselors, in-person assisters, and navigators and anyone else the law says we must or can give the information to • We are not allowed to use genetic information to decide whether we will give you coverage and the price of that coverage. This does not apply to long-term-care plans. Example: We use health information about you to develop better services for you. • Pay for your health services • We can use and share your health information as we pay for your health services. Example: We share information about you with your dental plan to coordinate payment for your dental work. • Help with public health and safety issues • We can share health information about you for purposes such as: º Preventing disease º Helping with product recalls º Reporting adverse reactions to medications º Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence º Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone's health or safety • Do research • We can use or share your information for health research. • Comply with the law • We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it. This includes sharing information with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we're complying with federal privacy law. • Respond to organ and tissue donation requests and work with a medical examiner or funeral director • We can share health information about you with organ procurement organizations. • We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when a person dies. • Address workers' compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests • For workers' compensation claims • For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official • With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law • With governmental agencies in other states administering public benefits programs • For special government functions, such as military, national security, and presidential protective services • Respond to lawsuits and legal actions • We can share health information about you in response to a court order. We may share the information with court officials, county attorneys, attorneys general, other law enforcement officials, child support officials, child protection and fraud investigators, and fraud prevention investigators. What are your rights regarding the information we have about you? Get a copy of health and claims records • You and people you have given permission to may see and copy private information we have about you, such as health and claims records. You may have to pay for the copies. • You can choose someone to act for you with a medical power of attorney or as a legal guardian. That person can exercise your rights and make choices about your information. Page 2 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Ask us to correct health and claims records • You may question whether the information we have about you is correct. Send your concerns in writing. Tell us why the information is wrong or incomplete. Send your own explanation of the information you do not agree with. We will attach your explanation anytime information is shared. Request confidential communications • You have the right to ask us in writing to share health information with you in a certain way or in a certain place. • We will consider all reasonable requests. We must say yes if you tell us you would be in danger if we did not. For example, you may ask us to send health information to your work address instead of your home address. If we find that your request is reasonable, we will grant it. Ask us to limit what we use or share • You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to your request and we may say no if it would affect your care. Get a list of those with whom we've shared information • This list will not include disclosures for treatment, payment, and health care operations. It will also not include certain other disclosures, such as any you asked us to make. • We'll provide one list a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months. Get a copy of this privacy notice You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly. If you do not understand the information, ask your worker to explain it to you. You may ask the Minnesota Department of Human Services for another copy of this notice. What are your choices? For certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. You have both the right and choice to tell us to: • Share health information with your family, close friends, or others involved in payment for your care • Share information in a disaster relief situation Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions. If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example, if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety. What privacy rights do children have? If you are under 18, when parental consent for medical treatment is not required, information will be provided to parents only when the medical provider believes that your health is at risk if the information is not shared. Parents may see other information about you and let others see this information, unless you have asked that this information not be shared with your parents. You must ask for this in writing and say what information you do not want to share and why. If the agency agrees that sharing the information is not in your best interest, the information will not be shared with your parents. If the agency does not agree, the information may be shared with your parents if they ask for it. What if you believe your privacy rights have been violated? You may complain if you believe your privacy rights have been violated. You cannot be denied service or treated badly because you have made a complaint. If you believe that your medical privacy was violated by your doctor or clinic, a health insurer, a health plan, or a pharmacy, you may send a written complaint to either the county agency, the organization or the federal civil rights office at: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights, Region V 233 N. Michigan Avenue, Suite 240 Chicago, IL 60601 312-886-2359 (voice) 800-368-1019 (toll free) 800-537-7697 (TTY) 312-886-1807 (fax) If you believe the Minnesota Department of Human Services violated your privacy rights, you may also contact: Minnesota Department of Human Services Attn: Data Complaint PO Box 64998 St. Paul, MN 55164-0998 Whom do you contact if you need more information about privacy practices? If you need more information about privacy practices, call the Minnesota Health Care Programs (MHCP) Member Help Desk at 800-657-3739 or 651-431-2670. Page 3 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Notice of Rights and Responsibilities Changes If you have MA, you must report a change within 10 days of the change happening. Call your county or tribal agency to report the change. If you do not report changes, you may have to pay money back to the state or federal government for benefits that you received but were not eligible for. If you are not sure whether to report a change, call and explain what is happening. Examples of changes you need to report include the following: Income changes when you • Start a new job, change jobs or stop a job • Start to get, or receive changes in the amount of, other income like Social Security, other retirement income and unemployment Residence changes when you • Move to a new address Life changes in your household when someone • Starts or stops other health insurance or Medicare • Becomes pregnant or has a baby • Moves in or out of your home • Changes tax filing status • Loses Minnesota residency • Changes citizenship or lawful presence status • Changes incarceration status • Dies, gets married or gets a divorce • Becomes disabled Reviews The state or federal agency's health care program auditors may look at your case. They will review the information you gave us and check to make sure we processed your case correctly. They will let you know if they need to ask you questions. Consent for Sharing of Medical Information In your application for Minnesota Health Care Program coverage, you have given your written and signed consent to the following agencies and people to share between them medical information about you only for the limited purposes indicated: • Health providers, including health plans, insurance agencies, Minnesota Health Care Programs, county advocates, school districts, your county or state case workers, and their contractors and subcontractors, for these purposes: • To determine who should pay for your health care • To provide, manage and coordinate health care services • All other agencies or people listed on this Notice of Privacy Practices and Notice of Rights and Responsibilities, for this purpose: • To administer Minnesota Health Care Programs, pay for services, and conduct research and investigations This consent applies to medical information about your minor children you applied for on this application. You can stop this consent at any time by asking in writing for it to end. The written notice to stop this consent will not affect information the agency has already given to others. This consent is good while you are enrolled in Minnesota Health Care Programs, up to one year or longer if the law permits. However, it does not end after one year for records given to consulting providers or for payment of your bills, fraud investigations or quality-of-care review and studies. An agency or person who gets your information through this consent could give the information to others. If you end this consent, you cannot enroll or stay enrolled in Minnesota Health Care Programs. Other Health Care You and your household members enrolled in MA must tell us about any other health insurance that you have or that is available to you, including employer-sponsored coverage, private health insurance, long-term-care insurance, and any limited health coverage, such as dental or accident coverage. You must tell us whether your employer offers insurance and whether you accepted it. You and your household members enrolled in MA may need to accept and keep a health insurance policy when the policy is found to be cost effective. If you have a good reason for not doing that, you may ask the state to approve the reason. If you do not give us information about your health insurance policy, you may not get coverage. You must also tell us when you become eligible for Medicare. MA pays for the Medicare premiums of some low- income people. Once you are eligible for Medicare Part B and Part D, MA will no longer pay for services that could be covered by a Medicare program. MA Medical Support If you are applying for yourself and your children and you do not live with the other parent, the law says you may have to give information to child support staff if both you and your child are eligible for MA. This includes helping the state prove who the father of your children is and helping the state to get the other parent to help pay the children's medical expenses. If you do not help child support staff, your children will still get coverage, but your coverage will end, unless you are pregnant. If you are afraid the other parent may cause harm to you or your child, you can give your county or tribal agency proof to support your fears. The agency will review your proof and tell you whether you still must give information to child support staff. Page 4 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Assignment of Medical Payments By accepting MA, you give your rights to all medical payments for yourself and anyone else you apply for to the state of Minnesota. These include medical payments from all other people or companies, including medical support payments from an absent parent. This assignment of medical payments begins as soon as health care coverage starts. For MA for Long-Term Care, this includes your right to support from your spouse under Minnesota Statutes, section 256B.14, subdivision 3. You also agree to help the state get paid back for medical expenses that should have been paid by others. You may not have to help the state if you have a good reason for not helping and the state approves the reason. MA Estate Claims and Liens In certain circumstances, federal and state law require the Minnesota Department of Human Services and local agencies to recover costs that the MA program paid for its members health care services. This recovery process is done through Minnesota's MA estate recovery and lien program. If you are enrolled in MA when you are 55 years old or older, then, after you die, Minnesota must try to recover certain payments the MA program made for your health care, including: • Nursing home services • Home and community-based services • Related hospital and prescription drug costs If you permanently live in a medical institution, Minnesota must also try to recover the costs of all MA services you receive at any age while living in a medical institution. If you are permanently living in a medical institution and you do not have a spouse or disabled child living on your homesteaded real property, the state may file an MA lien against your real property to recover MA costs before your death. However, MA members who qualify for services under modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) eligibility criteria are not subject to recovery for services received before the age of 55. After you die, the state also may file a notice of potential claim, which is a form of lien, against real property to recover MA costs. Liens to recover MA costs may be filed against the following: • Your life estate or joint tenancy interest in real property • Your real property that you own solely • Your real property that you own with someone else Minnesota cannot start recovery of these costs while your spouse is still living or if you have a child under 21 years old or a child who is permanently disabled. Once your spouse dies, Minnesota must try to recover your MA costs from your spouse's estate. However, recovery is further delayed if you still have a child who is under 21 or permanently disabled. Your children do not have to use their assets to reimburse the state for any MA services you received. You have the right to speak with a legal-aid group or a private attorney if you have specific questions about how MA estate recovery and liens may affect your circumstance and estate planning. The Minnesota Department of Human Services cannot provide you with legal advice. For more information, go to http://mn.gov/dhs/ma-estate-recovery/. You Have the Right to Ask for a Hearing If you feel your health care eligibility or benefits are wrong or your application was not processed correctly, you may ask for an appeal hearing. By requesting an appeal hearing, you are requesting a fair review of your case. You can represent yourself or use an attorney, advocate, authorized representative, relative, friend or other person. You will find specific appeal instructions on all eligibility notices that you receive. Learn more about the appeals process and how to ask for a hearing at www.dhs.state.mn.us/appeals/faqs. You can complete and submit an appeal request online at https://edocs.dhs.state.mn.us/lfserver/Public/DHS-0033-ENG. You can also print the form that is available at the address above and submit the completed form by fax to 651-431-7523 or by mail to this address: Minnesota Department of Human Services Appeals Division PO Box 64941 St. Paul, MN 55164-0941 Immigration Immigration information you give to us is private. We use it to see whether you can get coverage. We share it only when the law allows it or requires it, such as to verify identity. In most cases, applying will not affect your immigration status unless you are applying for payment of long-term-care services. You do not have to give us your immigration information if you are a pregnant woman living in the United States without the knowledge or approval of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). You also do not have to give us your immigration information if you are: • Applying for emergency medical care only • Helping someone else apply • Not applying for yourself Genetic Information DHS does not collect, maintain or use genetic information for purposes of eligibility. Record Retention Information provided in an application for coverage through DHS is subject to the False Claims Act and may be kept for up to 10 years. DHS follows the general records retention schedules for state agencies and for the Department of Human Services and maintains data according to state and federal law. After the appropriate time period, DHS destroys the data in a way that prevents their contents from being determined, including by shredding paper files and permanently removing electronic data so as to prevent recovery. Page 5 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Civil Rights Notice Discrimination is against the law. The Minnesota Department of Human Services (DHS) does not discriminate on the basis of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • disability • sex (including sex stereotypes and gender identity) • political beliefs • public assistance status • marital status • age • creed • religion • sexual orientation CB3 (HC-Medical) 3-18 Auxiliary Aids and Services: DHS provides auxiliary aids and services, like qualified interpreters or information in accessible formats, free of charge and in a timely manner to ensure an equal opportunity to participate in our health care programs. Call 651-431-2670 or 800-657-3739 or use your preferred relay service. Language Assistance Services: DHS provides translated documents and spoken language interpreting, free of charge and in a timely manner, when language assistance services are necessary to ensure limited English speakers have meaningful access to our information and services. Call 651-431-2670 or 800-657-3739 or use your preferred relay service. Civil Rights Complaints You have the right to file a discrimination complaint if you believe you were treated in a discriminatory way by a human services agency. You may contact any of the following three agencies directly to file a discrimination complaint. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office for Civil Rights (OCR) You have the right to file a complaint with the OCR, a federal agency, if you believe you have been discriminated against because of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • age • disability • sex Contact the OCR directly to file a complaint: Director, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office for Civil Rights 200 Independence Avenue SW, Room 509F HHH Building Washington, DC 20201 800-368-1019 (voice) • 800-537-7697 (TDD) Complaint Portal: https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf Minnesota Department of Human Rights (MDHR) In Minnesota, you have the right to file a complaint with the MDHR if you believe you have been discriminated against because of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • religion • creed • sex • sexual orientation • marital status assistance status • disability • public Contact the MDHR directly to file a complaint: Minnesota Department of Human Rights Freeman Building, 625 North Robert Street St. Paul, MN 55155 651-539-1100 (voice) • 800-657-3704 (toll free) 711 or 800-627-3529 (MN Relay) • 651-296-9042 (fax) Info.MDHR@state.mn.us (email) DHS You have the right to file a complaint with DHS if you believe you have been discriminated against in our health care programs because of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • creed • religion • sexual orientation • public assistance status • marital status • age • disability • sex (including sex stereotypes and gender identity) • political beliefs Complaints must be in writing and filed within 180 days of the date you discovered the alleged discrimination. The complaint must contain your name and address and describe the discrimination you are complaining about. After we get your complaint, we will review it and notify you in writing about whether we have authority to investigate. If we do, we will investigate the complaint. DHS will notify you in writing of the investigation's outcome. You have the right to appeal the outcome if you disagree with the decision. To appeal, you must send a written request to have DHS review the investigation outcome. Be brief and state why you disagree with the decision. Include additional information you think is important. If you file a complaint in this way, the people who work for the agency named in the complaint cannot retaliate against you. This means they cannot punish you in any way for filing a complaint. Filing a complaint in this way does not stop you from seeking out other legal or administrative actions. Contact DHS directly to file a discrimination complaint: Civil Rights Coordinator Minnesota Department of Human Services Equal Opportunity and Access Division P.O. Box 64997 St. Paul, MN 55164-0997 651-431-3040 (voice) or use your preferred relay service Page 6 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 651-431-2670 or 800-657-3739 Page 7 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18