Management Alert - FEMA Did Not Safeguard Disaster Survivors' Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (REDACTED) March 15, 2019 OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security Washington, DC 20528 / www.oig.dhs.gov March 15, 2019 MEMORANDUM FOR: Peter T. Gaynor Acting Administrator Federal Emergency Management Agency FROM: SUBJECT: John V. Kelly Acting Inspector General Management Alert - FEMA Did Not Safeguard Disaster Survivors' Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information - For Official Use Only For your action is our Management Alert - FEMA Did Not Safeguard Disaster Survivors' Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information - For Official Use Only. We considered technical comments and incorporated the formal comments provided by your office. This alert contains two recommendations directing actions Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) should take to safeguard both Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (SPII) of disaster survivors and prevent additional privacy incidents similar to one we identified during our ongoing audit of FEMA's Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program. FEMA concurred with both recommendations. Based on information provided in your response to the draft alert, we consider the recommendations resolved and open. Once your office has fully implemented the recommendations, please submit a formal closeout letter to us within 30 days so that we may close the recommendations. The memorandum should be accompanied by evidence of completion of agreed- upon corrective actions. Please send your response or closure request to OIGAuditsFollowup@oig.dhs.gov. Consistent with our responsibility under the Inspector General Act, we will provide copies of our alert to congressional committees with oversight and appropriation responsibility over the Department of Homeland Security. We will post a redacted version of the alert on our website. Please call me with any questions, or your staff may contact Sondra McCauley, Assistant Inspector General for Audits, at (202) 981-6000. www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security Results in Brief During our ongoing audit of the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program, we determined that FEMA violated the Privacy Act of 19741 and Department of Homeland Security the PII and SPII of policy2 by releasing to 2.3 million survivors of hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and the California wildfires in 2017.3 FEMA should only provide needed to verify disaster survivors' eligibility for the TSA program. The privacy incident4 occurred because FEMA did not take steps to ensure it provided only required data elements to survivors involved in the privacy incident are at increased risk of identity theft and fraud. Without corrective action, the disaster with limited information Background Through the TSA program, FEMA provides transitional sheltering in hotels to disaster survivors displaced by emergencies or major disasters. TSA reduces the number of survivors in congregate emergency shelters by providing hotel helps disaster lodging. The contractor administering the TSA program, survivors obtain short-term lodging at participating hotels. FEMA identified more than 2.3 million disaster survivor registrants eligible for the TSA program during the response to hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and the California wildfires in 2017. When applying for FEMA disaster assistance, applicants are required to provide PII and SPII. The Privacy Act of 1974 (the Act) protects individuals by ensuring personal information collected by Federal agencies is limited to what is legally authorized and necessary. The Act also dictates that agencies maintain PII and SPII to preclude unwarranted intrusions upon individual privacy. DHS' 1 Privacy Act of 1974, 5 USC 552a, as amended 2 DHS Management Directive 11042.1 - Safeguarding Sensitive but Unclassified (For Official Use) Information (January 6, 2005) 3 Hurricane Harvey (DR-4332); Hurricane Irma (DR-4336 in Puerto Rico; DR 4337 in Florida); Hurricane Maria (DR-4339); and the California Wildfires (DR-4344) 4 A privacy incident is defined as the loss of control, compromise, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized acquisition, or any similar occurrence when (1) a person other than the authorized user accesses or potentially accesses PII or (2) an authorized user accesses or potentially accesses PII for an unauthorized purpose. The term encompasses both suspected and confirmed incidents involving PII, whether intentional or inadvertent, which raises a reasonable risk of harm. The term "privacy incident' can be used synonymously with the term "breach" (DHS Privacy Policy Instruction 047-01-008, Privacy Incident Handling Guidance). www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security Handbook for Safeguarding Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information (December 2017) defines these terms as follows:  Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is any information that permits the identity of an individual to be directly or indirectly inferred, including any information that is linked or linkable to that individual, regardless of whether the individual is a U.S. citizen, legal permanent resident, visitor to the U.S., or employee or contractor to the Department. This includes complete name, home address, and birthdate when combined.  Sensitive PII (SPII) is a subset of PII, which if lost, compromised, or disclosed without authorization, could result in substantial harm, embarrassment, inconvenience, or unfairness to an individual. SPII requires stricter handling guidelines because of the increased risk to an individual if the data are compromised. This includes financial account information. As required by the E-Government Act of 2002, FEMA completed a Privacy Impact Assessment for the Individual Assistance Program, which includes the TSA program. The assessment identifies the PII, including SPII that will be collected from applicants, and includes details on the use of this information in implementing FEMA's Individual Assistance programs. Additionally, DHS' Handbook for Safeguarding Sensitive PII (December 4, 2017) states that only PII necessary for agency staff to perform their official duties should be collected, used, and disseminated to individuals on a need-to-know basis. Survivor Information at Risk in direct violation of Federal and DHS FEMA released unnecessary PII and SPII for approximately 2.3 million disaster survivors to its contractor, requirements and its August 2015 TSA program Performance Work Statement. The Performance Work Statement identifies 13 data elements FEMA must send to verify disaster survivor eligibility during the TSA check-in process at participating hotels. Some of the data elements contain PII, but none of the individual data elements contain SPII.5 The data elements that FEMA must share include: 5 Some data elements by themselves rise to a level of SPII (called standalone SPII), while other data elements of PII grouped together jointly rise to the level of SPII. www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security  Applicant First Name  Applicant Middle Name  Applicant Last Name  Applicant Date of Birth  Last 4 digits of Applicant's Social Security Number  Disaster Number  Authorization for TSA  Number of Occupants in Applicants Household  Eligibility Start Date  Eligibility End Date  Global Name  Export Sequence Number  FEMA Registration Number A privacy incident occurred because FEMA did not ensure it shared with the contractor only the data elements the contractor requires to perform its official duties administering the TSA program. FEMA provided and continues to provide participating in the TSA program. Of the 20 unnecessary data fields, FEMA does not safeguard and improperly releases 6 that include SPII: with more than 20 unnecessary data fields for survivors  Applicant Street Address  Applicant City Name  Applicant Zip Code  Applicant's Financial Institution Name  Applicant's Electronic Funds Transfer Number  Applicant's Bank Transit Number FEMA's Performance Work Statement identified the data elements yet FEMA did not take steps to ensure it provided only the required data elements. FEMA only confirmed that iterations of the TSA program required additional information such as bank names and account numbers; however, the current TSA program does not require the additional personal information. received the data transmitted. Prior needed, FEMA headquarters officials told us it may be feasible to change the data transfer script to remove the unnecessary PII, but such change would need to be coordinated with the Individual Assistance and Mass Care program offices, which may be time consuming. also did not notify FEMA that it was providing information unnecessary to fulfilling the contract terms. Although not required to do so, had notified FEMA officials that the agency was providing unnecessary PII and SPII officials www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security for eligible survivors, FEMA may have been able to remedy this situation earlier and avoid additional privacy incidents. FEMA's failure to provide only required data elements to approximately 2.3 million disaster survivors at increased risk of identity theft and fraud. FEMA must take corrective action to safeguard against improperly releasing PII and SPII of disaster survivors in the future. has placed Recommendations Recommendation 1: We recommend that the Federal Emergency Management Agency's Assistant Administrator for the Recovery Directorate implement controls to ensure that the agency only sends required data elements of registered disaster survivors to contractors, such as Recommendation 2: We recommend that the Federal Emergency Management Agency's Assistant Administrator for the Recovery Directorate assess the extent of this privacy incident and implement a process for ensuring that Personally Identifiable Information, including Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information, of registered disaster survivors previously released to is properly destroyed pursuant to DHS policy. Management Comments and OIG Analysis FEMA concurred with our two recommendations. We included a copy of the Department's management comments in their entirety in appendix A. We also received technical comments to the draft report and revised the report as appropriate. In its written comments, FEMA indicated it has begun to implement measures to assess and mitigate this privacy incident, including deploying a Joint Assessment Team of cyber security personnel to the contractor's facilities. FEMA indicated that the Joint Assessment Team had documented the sanitization and removal of the unnecessarily shared PII and SPII from the contractor's system and performed an in-depth assessment of the contractor's network. According to FEMA, these assessments found no indication of intrusion within the last 30 days although the assessment identified that the contractor did not maintain logs past 30 days. The Joint Assessment Team also identified several security vulnerabilities. As of March 2019, four vulnerabilities had been remediated and the contractor was developing remediation plans for the remaining seven. FEMA's estimated completion date for implementing the recommendations is June 30, 2020. Given the sensitive nature of these www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security findings, we urge FEMA to expedite this timeline. FEMA Response to Recommendation 1: Concur. In agreement with OIG's observations, FEMA determined that numerous elements constituting SPII were not necessary to administer the TSA program. FEMA stated it had implemented immediate measures to discontinue sharing the unnecessary data and had begun an on-site assessment of network. Estimated Completion Date: June 30, 2020. OIG Analysis: We consider these actions responsive to the recommendation. This recommendation is resolved and open until FEMA: 1) provides a report about the controls implemented to ensure that the agency only sends required data elements on registered disaster survivors to contractors; 2) provides a report on the final outcome of the on-site assessment of network; 3) provides copies of the contract amendments, including the Homeland Security Acquisition Regulation clause requiring annual privacy and security awareness training of staff; and 4) provides a report on FEMA's annual privacy and security training of FEMA employees to mitigate future privacy incidents similar to the one we identified. FEMA Response to Recommendation 2: Concur. FEMA's Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) has begun taking corrective actions to conduct an on-site security and risk assessment of completion of initial assessment activities, FEMA worked with all previously transferred, non-required PII/SPII from stated the OCIO will continue to assess assure standards on handling PII/SPII, as well as the FEMA Records Retention Schedule covering this information. maintains a security posture in accordance with Federal security systems on a regular basis to data systems and network. Upon system. FEMA to sanitize Estimated Completion Date: June 30, 2020. OIG Analysis: We consider these actions responsive to the recommendation. This recommendation is resolved and open until FEMA provides a report on its actions to mitigate this privacy incident and its ongoing assessments to ensure the contractor maintains a security posture in accordance with Federal standards for handling PII/SPII. www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security Objective, Scope, and Methodology The DHS Office of Inspector General was established by the Homeland Security Act of 2002, Pub. L. No. 107−296, 116 Stat. 2135, which amended the Inspector General Act of 1978. We issued this management alert during an ongoing audit of FEMA's TSA program. The objective of our ongoing audit is to determine to what extent FEMA ensured compliance with contract requirements concerning the TSA program. We conducted interviews in June 2018 with FEMA headquarters officials in charge of the TSA program; and in July 2018 with FEMA financial management, information technology, and contracting officials in Winchester, Virginia, to inform them of the privacy incident. We also interviewed state and FEMA officials in Texas, specifically concerning the use of the TSA program following Hurricane Harvey in 2017. We reviewed Federal, DHS, and FEMA criteria related to transitional sheltering and contracting; TSA process workflows and standard operating procedures; policies, procedures and other documentation; and TSA data from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria (from August 2017 to August 2018), and California wildfires in 2017, including all eligible households, program recipients of TSA, and program costs. We conducted our work under the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, Section 2.2(b), to promote economy, efficiency, and effectiveness in the administration of; and to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in, such programs and operations. This management alert focuses only on FEMA's release of PII and SPII. We are continuing this audit, so additional recommendations regarding this issue may be included in the full audit report. Any corrective actions FEMA takes in response to this management alert will be addressed in our full audit report. Office of Audits major contributors to this management alert are Yesi Starinsky, Director; Andrew Smith, Audit Manager; David Kinard, Auditor-in- Charge; Keith Lutgen, Program Analyst; Haidee Lai, Auditor; Edward Brann, Program Analyst; Daniel Malone, Program Analyst; Deborah Mouton-Miller, Communications Analyst; and John Skrmetti, Independent Report Referencer. www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security Appendix A FEMA Comments to the Draft Alert www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 FOR OFFICAL USE ONLY OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL Department of Homeland Security Appendix B Report Distribution Department of Homeland Security Secretary Deputy Secretary Chief of Staff General Counsel Executive Secretary Director, GAO/OIG Liaison Office Assistant Secretary for Office of Policy Assistant Secretary for Office of Public Affairs Assistant Secretary for Office of Legislative Affairs FEMA Audit Liaison Congress Congressional Oversight and Appropriations Committee www.oig.dhs.gov FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY OIG-19-32 Additional Information and Copies To view this and any of our other reports, please visit our website at: www.oig.dhs.gov. For further information or questions, please contact Office of Inspector General Public Affairs at: DHS-OIG.OfficePublicAffairs@oig.dhs.gov. Follow us on Twitter at: @dhsoig. OIG Hotline To report fraud, waste, or abuse, visit our website at www.oig.dhs.gov and click on the red "Hotline" tab. If you cannot access our website, call our hotline at (800) 323-8603, fax our hotline at (202) 254-4297, or write to us at: Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, Mail Stop 0305 Attention: Hotline 245 Murray Drive, SW Washington, DC 20528-0305