How to Block Spam AT&T Customers: http://www.att.com/esupport/article.jsp?sid=KB115812&cv=820#fbid=N70iiV-Q734 <http://www.att.com/esupport/article.jsp?sid=KB115812&cv=820> Sprint Customers: Sprint aggressively investigates individuals and companies that we believe are sending unsolicited text messages. If appropriate, we will send out cease and desist letters to individuals and companies we determine are abusing text messaging. Sprint encourages customers to report spam by forwarding spam text messages directly to mobileabuse@sprint.com <mailto:mobileabuse@sprint.com>. (no charge to customers) Sprint customers can block unwanted texts from their phone by texting the spam number or email address to 9999. While that method is convenient, a more feature-rich option is to utilize www.sprint.com <http://www.sprint.com>. Below outlines what a Sprint customer can do from our website: To block from Sprint.com, sign on, go to the "My Preferences" tab , scroll down to the section that says "Limits and Permissions". Under this section you will find the "block texts " option. Once you click on "block texts" you can select the phone number and then choose from the following options: · Do not block any text messages · Block all text messages inbound and outbound · Block all inbound text messages · Block all outbound text messages · Block only these numbers for inbound and outbound text messages · Allow only these numbers for inbound and outbound text messages The option "Block only these numbers for inbound and outbound text messages" is basically the same as texting 9999. The option "Allow only these numbers for inbound and outbound text messages" allows you to create a "safe list" of numbers to text, which is especially helpful to ~ MORE ~ parents of teenagers that want to limit texting to only a select group such as family members etc. Page 2 As to your second question--currently there isn't a way to block all spam; you can only block spam that you receive or know the number, short code, or email address to. Spam texts are blocked through either texting the number, short code or email address it came from along with the word block to 9999 or blocking them on Sprint.com. Alternatively the customer can also call in to Customer Care. Care can block all short codes through its online tools. Also, if you know a certain domain is spamming you, you can block anything from that domain through any of the above methods. For example, if you get a spam text from offers@aol.com <mailto:offers@aol.com>; you can block aol.com and any text message that originates from that domain will also be blocked. -- Caroline Semerdjian Communications Manager, Sprint T-Mobile Customers: http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/DOC-2747 T-Mobile is committed to fighting mobile spam and encourages our customers to report unsolicited messages to us for investigation. If you receive an unsolicited message please forward it to the Spam Reporting Service following the three simple steps below: Forward the message to 7726 (which spells "SPAM" on most phone keypads). Please don't edit the message or add any comments. We will reply to your message with an SMS confirming we have received it and asking you to send us the number of the original sender. Please send us the telephone number of the person who sent the spam. We will use this information to help identify who is sending spam and take appropriate action. By reporting SMS spam, you are helping us identify spammers and the messages they send. There is no charge to report mobile spam. Messages forwarded to 7726 do not count toward your plan. You can also place your number on the FTC's do- not-call list @ www.donotcall.gov. ~ MORE ~ Verizon Customers: Page 3 Verizon Wireless supported the passage of federal legislation aimed at providing consumers with control over receipt of unsolicited electronic messages, or 'spam'. We employ tools in our network to detect incidences of 'spam' sent to our customers' wireless devices, and we also provide customers with tools to manage and even restrict receipt of such messages. Verizon Wireless has also been aggressive battling spam in Court. Verizon Wireless has filed lawsuits against several companies it has accused of sending text message spam to its customers. Companies and individuals who send unsolicited text messages to wireless phones violate the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act by using "auto-dialing" equipment to send large bursts of text messages to sequential phone numbers within very short periods of time. These spammers also often use deceptive means to hide the identity of who is sending the spam and to avoid filters that Verizon Wireless and other mobile operators use to prevent spam from reaching their customers. Text messaging is a great way to communicate, but unwanted or unsolicited text message spam to our customers' handsets is unacceptable. Verizon Wireless has a long track record of protecting our customers' privacy, including through lawsuits, and will continue to do so. Verizon Wireless remains committed to defending the strong wall of customer privacy we've built over the years through its network practices and its industry leading pro-consumer policies. For those messages which do get through, Verizon Wireless provides Internet Spam Blocking to enable customers to block spam from reaching their device. Here is a link to our full FAQ on Verizon Wireless' spam blocking tools: <http://support.verizonwireless.com/faqs/Features%20and%20Optional%20Servic es/spam_controls.html> -- Heidi Flato Public Relations & Employee Communications Verizon Wireless - Northern CA/NV/HI Region MetroPCS Statement ~ MORE ~ Page 4 MetroPCS listens to its customers and understands their needs, including avoiding or blocking SPAM and other unwanted text messages and calls. MetroPCS offers its customers services like Block-It, an application that allows customers to block unwanted texts and calls. Additionally, MetroPCS offers a large number of Android Smartphones, providing consumers access to Google Play (formerly the Android Market) and a number of third-party applications that give consumers more control over their incoming texts and calls. We don't discuss specific customer's service inquiries but can confirm that we spoke with Ada yesterday and addressed her concerns. For customers receiving continued SPAM text messages on a feature phone (a non-smartphone), they can visit their local MetroPCS corporate store or contact the customer service team for assistance on getting the number blocked. -- Jordan Shelton GolinHarris