AMAZON CONFIDENTIAL Last Updated: December 23, 2022 U.S. STATE PRIVACY LAWS ADDENDUM This Data Processing Addendum (this "Addendum") by and between Customer and Amazon is effective as of the later of (a) the effective date of the Agreement (as defined below) between Amazon and Customer (b) January 1, 2023 (the "Addendum Effective Date"). This Addendum supplements the applicable agreements, as updated from time to time between Customer and Amazon, governing the processing of Customer Personal Data by Amazon in connection with its performance of advertising services (each, the "Agreement"). This Addendum automatically expires upon the termination of the Agreement. All capitalized terms will have the meaning given to them in Section 6 of this Addendum, and if not defined in Section 6, then as defined in the Agreement. "Amazon" means, in respect of the Agreement, the applicable Amazon contracting party entering into the Agreement. "Customer" means the applicable entity or entities that enter into or are bound by the Agreement with Amazon. Data Processing Instructions (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Amazon will act as processor in relation to Customer Personal Data and Customer will act as controller in relation to Customer Personal Data. Amazon will only process Customer Personal Data in accordance with the instructions agreed under the relevant Agreement and Order, unless Customer's instructions infringe the U.S. State Privacy Laws or other applicable law. Customer shall ensure that its instructions comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable in relation to the Customer Personal Data, and that the processing of Customer Personal Data in accordance with Customer's instructions will not cause Amazon to be in breach of the U.S. State Privacy Laws or other applicable law. The parties agree that the Agreement and this Addendum is Customer's complete and documented instructions in relation to Customer Personal Data. Any additional instructions require prior written agreement between Amazon and Customer. If Customer acts as processor in relation to Customer Personal Data on behalf of a third- party controller, Customer represents and warrants to Amazon that Customer's instructions in respect of the processing by Amazon of Customer Personal Data have been notified to, and authorized by, the third- party controller of Customer Personal Data, in accordance with Customer's and such controller's obligations under the U.S. State Privacy Laws and other applicable law. The terms "processor", "controller", and "process" have the meanings ascribed to them under the applicable U.S. State Privacy Law; provided that, the term "processor" is in the case of Personal Data subject to the CCPA replaced with the term "service provider", and the term "controller" is in the case of such Personal Data replaced with the term "business", each as defined in the CCPA. Customer's Obligations Customer will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to it and binding on it in the performance of this Addendum, including the U.S. State Privacy Laws. Customer acknowledges and agrees that its (and any third- party controller's) obligations under the U.S. State Privacy Laws include, as applicable and without limitation, (i) having a lawful justification (legal basis) for processing Customer Personal Data, including for the purposes agreed under the Agreement; (ii) publishing (or contractually requiring the publication of) privacy notices AMAZON CONFIDENTIAL informing and notifying end users about the processing of Customer Personal Data by Amazon; and (iii) implementing (or instructing processors to implement) technical and organizational measures to protect Customer Personal Data against the risks that are presented by the processing of such Customer Personal Data, including the risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Customer Personal Data. Should third parties take legal action or make other claims against Amazon or its Affiliates pertaining to data processing under this Addendum, Customer will indemnify Amazon and its Affiliates in respect of any such claims. Amazon's Obligations (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Confidentiality. Amazon will treat all Customer Personal Data as confidential information, in accordance with its confidentiality undertakings to Customer in the Agreement or a separate non-disclosure agreement, as applicable. All Amazon personnel processing Customer Personal Data will be subject to a duty of confidentiality with respect to the Customer Personal Data. Compliance with Law. Amazon will comply with the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws in its processing of Customer Personal Data. Technical and Organizational Measures. Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing, Amazon will implement and maintain technical and organizational measures to protect Customer Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Customer Personal Data. These measures will be appropriate to the level of risk presented by the processing of Customer Personal Data on the rights of data subjects. Sub-processing. Customer agrees that Amazon may use sub-processors to fulfill its contractual obligations under this Addendum or to provide certain services on its behalf. Amazon will enter into a written agreement with any such sub-processor and impose comparable obligations on the sub- processor as are imposed on Amazon under this Addendum. Deletion of Customer Personal Data. Upon the earlier to occur of the termination or expiry of the Agreement or at Customer's request, Amazon will as soon as reasonably practicable delete all Customer Personal Data from Amazon's systems, unless applicable law requires or the Agreement permits Amazon to store copies of Customer Personal Data. Controller Review. (a) (b) Customer may request information regarding Amazon's controls relating to Customer Personal Data, to the extent required by applicable U.S. Privacy Laws to reasonably verify Amazon's compliance with its obligations under this Addendum, and only in relation to Customer Personal Data. Customer is not entitled to receive (i) information about any data other than Customer Personal Data or any system, hardware, software, technology, know-how, program, process, or policy that does not involve Customer Personal Data, or (ii) any data the disclosure of which could compromise security of Amazon's systems, or cause Amazon to breach its obligations under the U.S. Privacy Laws or other applicable laws and regulations, or its privacy and security commitments to other parties. Amazon may make available to Customer document(s) evidencing an audit or review performed, or certification awarded, by an independent institution (e.g., accounting auditor, controller, internal or external data protection officer, IT security department, privacy auditor, quality auditor) (the "Report"), in which case Customer may exercise its review right under this Addendum by review of such a Report. AMAZON CONFIDENTIAL The Report will constitute Amazon's confidential information, subject to the confidentiality provisions of the Agreement or an NDA, as applicable. Additional CCPA Provisions. To the extent Amazon acts as a service provider to Customer for the processing of the Customer Personal Data subject to the CCPA: (a) The parties acknowledge that Customer is disclosing the Customer Personal Data to Amazon only for the limited and specified business purposes set forth in the Agreement, and Amazon will not retain, use, or disclose the Customer Personal Data for any purpose other than for such purposes, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. Amazon will: (b) i. not "sell" or "share" (as each is defined in the CCPA) the Customer Personal Data; ii. not combine the Customer Personal Data with Personal Data that Amazon receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons, or collects from its own interaction with consumers, except to perform the business purpose(s) as set forth in the applicable Agreement or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA; iii. provide the level of privacy protection for the Customer Personal Data that is required of the Customer by the CCPA; iv. notify Customer if Amazon determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA, in which case Customer maintains the right to order Amazon to suspend or discontinue the applicable processing of the Customer Personal Data, to the extent necessary to stop or remediate unauthorized use of Customer Personal Data; and v. Customer will notify Amazon of any data subject request regarding Customer Personal Data that a data subject is entitled to make pursuant to the CCPA, and Customer will provide the information necessary for Amazon to comply with the request or to assist Customer with complying with the request (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, be accomplished by providing applicable self-service functionality to Customer). Definitions. All capitalized terms will have the meaning given to them in Section 6 of this Addendum, and if not defined in Section 6, then as defined in the Agreement: "Ad" means any text-based, graphical, interactive, mobile, video, or rich media advertisement, including banner advertisements, interstitials, buttons, towers, and/or skyscrapers, and all related ad content and technology. "Affiliate" means with respect to any entity, any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such entity. "Amazon Data" means Personal Data that is (i) any unique identifier generated by Amazon or its Affiliates representing a unique user of the Sites; (ii) pre-existing Amazon data used by Amazon or its Affiliates pursuant to an applicable Order; (iii) gathered pursuant to an applicable Order during delivery of an advertisement; (iv) entered by users on the applicable Site (other than where it is expressly disclosed to such individual users that such collection is solely on behalf of an advertiser); or (v) any unique referral tags or URLs generated by Amazon or its Affiliates. "CCPA" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, and any implementation or successor thereof. AMAZON CONFIDENTIAL "Covered Product" means a product or service, each as described in the Agreement, for which Amazon acts as data processor under this Addendum, for example, relevant services under Advertiser Audiences, Amazon Attribution, Amazon Marketing Cloud, or Lead Gen products. "Customer Personal Data" means Personal Data processed by Amazon on behalf of Customer as part of the Covered Products as specified in the applicable Agreement. Customer Personal Data excludes, and Amazon acts as an independent controller in relation to, Amazon Data. "Order" means the Agreement, including any order details provided by Customer, advertiser or their respective representatives through an Amazon self-service website, e.g., the Amazon DSP, and any contract and any insertion order, between Customer, advertiser, or their respective representatives applicable to Ads that contemplates use of Customer Personal Data. "Personal Data" has the meaning given to it under: (i) CCPA for the term "personal information" or (ii) the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act for the term "personal data", when and as those laws are applicable. "Site" or "Sites" means websites, apps or services on which Amazon may serve or measure advertisements in connection with an applicable Order or websites, apps or services on which Customer (on its own behalf or on behalf of a third-party controller) places a Technical Means. "Technical Means" means a technical means in a form selected, provided or made available by Amazon or any of its Affiliates to the Customer as part of the Covered Products. For the avoidance of doubt, Technical Means may include ad tags, pixels, or other means as defined in the applicable Agreement.