Category, Product, and Content Restrictions Restricted Products The policies you are viewing apply to Amazon.co.uk. If you are selling on other Amazon Online Stores, please read the respective policy pages for those Online Stores as restrictions may differ. Customers trust that they can always buy with confidence on Amazon. Products offered for sale on Amazon must comply with all laws and regulations and with Amazon's policies. Before listing products on Amazon, you should carefully review the Restricted Products policy pages listed below. The examples provided in these pages are not exhaustive and are not intended as legal advice. We encourage you to consult with your legal adviser if you have questions about the laws and regulations concerning your products. Even where a product is listed under 'Examples of Permitted Listings', all products and listings must also comply with all applicable laws. In addition, any links provided are for informational purposes only, and Amazon does not warrant the accuracy of any information provided in these links. Also, you should regularly review Amazon's policies as these may change from time to time and we may restrict or prohibit products that are permitted by law. We may restrict sellers from selling certain types of products for various reasons, including regulatory compliance, product safety, and in working with brands to achieve the best experience for customers. Amazon reserves the right to make judgements in its sole discretion about whether or not a listing is appropriate. If we determine that the content of a product detail page or listing is prohibited, potentially illegal or inappropriate, we may remove it without prior notice. If you supply a product in violation of the law or any of Amazon's policies, including those listed on the Restricted Products policy pages, we will take corrective actions, as appropriate, including but not limited to the cancellation of the listing, immediately suspending or terminating selling privileges, destroying inventory in our Fulfilment centres without reimbursement, returning inventory and terminating the business relationship. The sale of illegal or unsafe products can also lead to legal action, including civil and criminal penalties. As sellers are legally liable for their actions and transactions, sellers must know the legal parameters surrounding any product they offer for sale on Amazon.co.uk. This includes the sale of products by sellers outside the United Kingdom. We are constantly innovating on behalf of our customers and working with regulators, third party experts, vendors and sellers to improve the ways we detect and prevent illegal and unsafe products from reaching our marketplace. Amazon encourages you to report listings that violate Amazon's policies or applicable law by contacting us . Please include all the relevant information so that we can thoroughly investigate and take appropriate action. Additional Related Policies • Certain categories require you to obtain pre-approval from Amazon before listing in those categories. See the Categories and Products Requiring Approval page for more information. • Certain categories require you to provide additional information and/or a supplemental guarantee before listing in those categories. • Those participating in Fulfilment by Amazon (FBA), should also review the FBA Product Restrictions page which lists products that are not eligible for the FBA program. If you wish to list items for international purchase, you are responsible for conducting proper research to ensure that the items listed comply with all applicable laws and regulations. See the Important Information for International Sellers page for more information. • Products must meet all safety and compliance requirements. Please see the Product Safety and Compliance page for more information. • Products violating copyright, patent or trademark laws or any other intellectual property right are prohibited. Please see the Amazon Intellectual Property Policy page for more information. • Products from restricted countries and regions: Amazon's worldwide current business policy is to prohibit the sale of products originating, or produced, in the following countries or regions: North Korea (Democratic People's Republic of Korea), Cuba, Syria, Iran, Region of Crimea and Donetsk People's Republic, as well as cotton sourced from Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. Note that this list may be amended due to commercial policy updates. In case of breach of this policy, the removal of any ASINS which are 'Fulfilment by Amazon' (FBA) offers may not be possible. Products will instead be handled in accordance with our FBA policies. • Denied Parties: Amazon's worldwide current business policy is not to engage in transactions with parties (i.e. individuals, entities, government regimes) identified by the United States, the European Union or other countries as engaging in terrorism, narcotics trafficking, weapons proliferation and other activities that threaten those countries' national security, foreign policies or economies including individuals or entities that are subject to sanctions or other applicable trade control restrictions ('Denied Parties'). Various government agencies publish lists of such parties. This includes but is not limited to parties listed on: the Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) and Foreign Sanctions Evaders (FSE) Lists maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury; the Entity List, Unverified List and Denied Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce; the Consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to EU financial sanctions maintained by the European Union; the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets maintained by Her Majesty's Treasury in the United Kingdom; and the Consolidated List of Names, maintained by the Canadian Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions. In case of breach of this policy, the removal of any ASINS which are 'Fulfilment by Amazon' (FBA) offers may not be possible. Products will instead be handled in accordance with our FBA policies. Restricted Products Appeals On occasion, our systems may remove products that are permitted to be sold on our site. This may occur if there is incomplete or inaccurate product information provided to us, or if our systems incorrectly identify a product as restricted. For example, if there is a product with both general sale and prescription versions, we may restrict the product if we are unable to determine which version of the product is being offered. Also note that some products that are legal are still prohibited per Amazon's policies. Sellers who believe their product has been removed in error should contact Seller Support in order for the restriction to be reviewed. If the product is found to be permitted for sale, appropriate adjustments to our systems as well as to the seller's account status will be made, as applicable. Please note that moving a restricted product listing to Out of Stock (OOS) does not make the listing compliant. Failure to properly close or delete all restricted product listings from your inventory may result in the removal of your selling privileges. If you think your product was incorrectly identified as a restricted product on Amazon, close the listing immediately to ensure compliance while you appeal the restriction with Selling Partner Support. To know more about each seller's responsibility when it comes to selling on Amazon, go to Additional Information and Resources for Sellers about our Restricted Products Policy . Visit Restricted Product FAQ for additional information. Category, Product and Content Restrictions • Prohibited Product Claims • Alcohol • Animals and Animal Products • Automotive • Clothing • Cosmetics • Currency, Coins, Cash Equivalents and Gift Cards • Drugs, Drug Paraphernalia and Dietary Supplements • Electronics • Food & Beverage • Gambling and Lottery • Hazardous and Dangerous Items • Medical Devices • Offensive and Controversial Materials • Other products • Sex and Sensuality • Tobacco, E-Cigarettes and Related Products • Weapons Jewellery