PRIVACY POLICY Our Promise to Our Valued Customers Yardstick cares about its customers and, as part of that concern, appreciates that its customers care about how their personal information is handled by Yardstick. Our goal is to make your online experience the very best we can. This goal includes keeping your information secure, and to collect, use and disclose your information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Yardstick promises to abide by this Privacy Policy and to deal with all personal information in a responsible, professional and respectful manner. In the unusual circumstance that we fall short of these goals, Yardstick promises to make every effort to address and resolve your concerns in an appropriate, fair and timely manner. Who are we? "Yardstick" as used in this Privacy Policy includes Yardstick Software Inc., Yardstick hosting the site danatectraining.com, and/or Danatec® as the case may be. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "we", "us" and "our" means Yardstick Software Inc., Yardstick hosting the site danatectraining.com, and/or Danatec® as the case may be, and "you" and "your" mean a customer or prospective customer of Yardstick. What, how and why do we collect, use and disclose? Personal Information Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, excluding an employee's name, title and business address and business phone number. Your personal information includes, but is not limited to, your contact information and your financial information for transactions/purchases/orders. The Purposes of Collection, Use and Disclosure We collect, use and disclose your personal information only for identified purposes with your knowledge and consent. We always collect, use and disclose your personal information reasonably and for reasonable purposes. We collect your personal information when you make a purchase from us or online through our platform.. We collect and use your personal information in order to provide you with the products you purchase from us, to collect payment from you, to effect delivery of the products (if applicable) and in order to provide follow-up customer service. We also use your personal information to inform you of products, services and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you; although we believe this service to be of benefit to our customers, we understand that you may not wish to receive such unsolicited information, in which case you may simply contact us (please see below) and advise us of same. If you have received such information via email you do not wish to continue receiving, you may submit an electronic request to be removed from our mailing lists. We also use and disclose your personal information to our processing bank, including credit card and debit/account information as applicable, for the sole purposes of obtaining payment for the goods and/or services that we provide in accordance with your sales order. For greater clarity, credit card details are only used for the purposes of transacting an order at the time of purchase, and are not stored on our servers. We collect, use and disclose as little of your personal information as we can while still ensuring that we can fulfill our identified purposes. We never sell or trade your personal information to any person or organization outside of Yardstick. We otherwise collect, use and disclose your personal information as permitted and/or required by law. Personal Information We Collect When you make a purchase from us, we will ask you for personal information which may include your name, home address and phone number. For any online transaction we will also collect your email address. Although you are not required in every circumstance to give us this information to complete your purchase, should you choose not to provide it to us we will be impeded in assisting you if you have problems or concerns with your purchase in the future, particularly if you do not retain your sales invoice. If you make a purchase using a credit card, we collect your name, billing address for the card, type of card, card number and card expiration date. We require this information in order to process your purchase. For greater clarity, credit card details are only used for the purposes of transacting an order at the time of purchase, and are not stored on our servers. In addition to your name, if you are scheduled to write an online exam on our platform, we will collect additional personal information as provided for on the application form insofar as it relates to verifying your identity. If we are delivering an offline/hard good product to you, we require your name, address for delivery and phone number. If you will be picking up your purchase at a later time, we require your name and other identifying personal information in order to verify your identity as the purchaser at the time of pick-up. When at all possible, we collect your personal information directly from you. If you are scheduled to write an online exam on our platform, we may collect additional personal information from third parties such as an Exam Proctor. Consent We imply your consent to collect, use and disclose your personal information for the reasonable and necessary purposes set out above. If, at any time, we wish to collect, use and/or disclose your personal information for any other purpose, we will notify you of that purpose and seek your consent to do so. Please also note that, in some limited circumstances, we are permitted by law to collect, use and/or disclose your personal information without your consent, with or without notice to you. Cookies and Non-Identifying Information Yardstick uses both session cookies (which are automatically deleted from your computer when you close your browser session) and persistent cookies (which remain on your computer between sessions) in order to facilitate your ability to use the website efficiently and effectively. By using our website while your browser is set to accept cookies, we imply your consent to them. If you are browsing or shopping online, we and/or our trusted third party agents track your movement through our website and collect statistics about your navigation, such as page views and time spent on the website, using click stream data and tag software. This information about your visit to our website is then aggregated with the information about other individuals' visits. Using this non-identifying information, we strive to continually improve and enhance the online experience of all of our customers, to evaluate the success of marketing campaigns and to report on aggregated site usage. In no case is click stream data or tag software used by us to collect or store personally identifiable information. How do we protect your personal information? Transmission, Storage and Retention The security of your personal information is very important to us. If you are transmitting information to us electronically, all of your personal information is encrypted (or coded) through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, and is only decoded when it reaches our servers. We have policies and procedures in place to ensure that your personal information, both in electronic and paper format, is kept safe and secure, and we impress upon our employees the importance of maintaining the highest standards of ethics and confidentiality. Destruction Personal information you provide to us is purged from our systems and records after a reasonable period of time following expiration of any warranties and other obligations we might have to you and/or to public bodies. How can you control your personal information? You may contact us at any time (please see below) if you wish to access, verify or correct your personal information in our possession, or if you wish to amend or withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information pursuant to this Privacy Policy or otherwise. Please note that, if you choose not to provide personal information to us, or if you choose not to consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information according to this Privacy Policy, our ability to serve you, both now and in the future, may be impeded. In that case, we will advise you of the repercussions necessarily flowing from your choice in order to empower you to make an informed decision. What if we revise this Privacy Policy? We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy periodically without notice, and any such revisions will be posted on our website. You may also obtain a paper copy of this Privacy Policy by contacting us (please see below). We encourage you to consult this Privacy Policy regularly in order to remain informed of any changes that may impact you and affect our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Where can you contact us? If, at any time, you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or any questions or concerns about your personal information that we hold, please contact us at: YARDSTICK SOFTWARE INC. 10177 - 104 St. Edmonton, AB T5M 3S2 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Phone: 1-866-_________ (toll free) Fax: (780) _____________ Email: privacy@getyardstick.com Our Chief Privacy Officer, or an appropriate delegate, will review your communication and, if necessary, respond to you directly.