WSBA CLE Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics Tuesday, July 11, 2023, Seattle, WA Presented by WSBA CLE Tell us what you think: www.surveymonkey.com/r/23311WEB WSBA CLE Faculty A Special Thank You to Our Program Faculty! Those who have planned and will present at this WSBA CLE seminar are volunteers. Their generous contributions of time, talent, and energy have made this program possible. We appreciate their work and their service to the legal profession. Program Faculty Susan L. Hintze - Hintze Law PLLC, Seattle, WA Samuel R. Castic - Hintze Law PLLC, Seattle, WA Copyright © 2023 • Washington State Bar Association • All Rights Reserved The materials and forms in this manual are published by the Washington State Bar Association for the use of its program registrants and is not legal advice. Neither the Washington State Bar Association nor the contributors make either express or implied warranties in regard to the use of the materials and/or forms. Each attorney must depend upon his or her own knowledge of the law and expertisein the use or modification of these materials. The views, opinions and conclusions expressed herein are those of the authors and editors and are not those of the Washington State BarAssociation or any division or committee thereof. Any websites represented by screenshots,logos or ads reproduced in the materials and forms are the copyrighted material of the website owners and are included for illustrative and educational purposes only. The Washington State Bar Association does not recommend or endorse any products or services discussed or demonstrated during the course of this seminar. Course materials accompanying the recorded product may have been reformatted or otherwise modified from those delivered in connection with the live presentation. Any such changes do not affect the substantive content of the course materials. Policy of Impartiality: The WSBA does not support or oppose, in an election, candidates for public office. When a candidate for public office participates in a WSBA CLE program, the WSBA is not taking a position for or against anyone's candidacy. 23311WEB • Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics • i WSBA CLE Summary of Contents Program Schedule ...........................................................................................................iii Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics ....................................................................... 1-1 Susan L. Hintze Samuel R. Castic Rules of Professional Conduct (Table of Rules) .................................................. 2-1 23311WEB • Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics • ii WSBA CLE Program Schedule Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics Tuesday, July 11, 2023 11:30 a.m. Webcast Lobby Opens 12:00 p.m. Welcome and Introductions Rachel Matz - Washington State Bar Association, Seattle, WA 12:05 p.m. Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics Lawyers and law firms are increasingly being targeted for cybersecurity attacks. Susan Hintze and Sam Castic, data privacy and cybersecurity lawyers, will give a primer on your ethical and legal obligations to protect client and personal data, highlight common security threats and how they happen, and explain technical, administrative, and physical measures you can take to safeguard client data in line with your ethical obligations. Susan L. Hintze - Hintze Law PLLC, Seattle, WA Samuel R. Castic - Hintze Law PLLC, Seattle, WA 1:05 p.m. Adjourn • Complete Evaluation Forms 23311WEB • Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics • iii WSBA CLE Under MCLE Rules, we report hours of course attendance. Our report is based on you confirming your attendance with our CLE representative as you arrive, and the receipt of this CLE Attendance Adjustment Form from anyone who chooses to attend only part of the seminar. We ask that you complete this form and turn-in to our representative if you leave before the end of the program. Thank you, WSBA CLE The purpose of this form is to notify the sponsor listed below if you have earned less than the available credits while attending this CLE course. You can fax or email your completed form to WSBA CLE. Fax: (206) 727-8324 Email: cle@wsba.org Under Washington State MCLE Rules (APR 11(j)(3)), sponsors must report attendance at each CLE course. The sponsor's report is based on confirming your attendance as you arrive and the receipt of this form as you leave if you choose to attend only part of the CLE course. If this form is not returned, the sponsor will presume that you have attended the entire CLE course and earned full credit. If you did not attend the full CLE course, this form must be returned to the sponsor. How to calculate L&LP/Ethics/Other credits: One credit is equivalent to one hour (60 minutes) of instruction time at an approved CLE course. Credits can be obtained in quarter-hour increments: 15 minutes of instruction equal .25 credits. No credit is given for breaks. Contact the sponsor if you have questions about which sections of the program, if any, have been approved for ethics credit. For information, see the following website or contact the WSBA Service Center. https://www.wsba.org/docs/default-source/licensing/mcle/mcle-faq---with-late-fee-chart.pdf?sfvrsn=bafd07f1_4 OR questions@wsba.org Seminar Sponsor: WSBA CLE Seminar Name: Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics (23311WEB) Seminar Date: July 11, 2023 Approved Credits: 1.00 CLE Credits for Washington Licensed Legal Professionals (0.0 Law & Legal Procedure, 1.0 Ethics and 0.0 Other) Hours of Attendance: TIME OF ARRIVAL TIME OF DEPARTURE Credits Earned: L&LP Ethics Other Printed Name: Bar #: I hereby certify that I have earned the number of L&LP/Ethics/Other credits inserted above on the Credits Earned line. Signature: Date: 23311WEB • Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics • iv CHAPTER ONE Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics July 2023 Susan L. Hintze Hintze Law PLLC Samuel R. Castic Hintze Law PLLC Phone: (206) 323-9022 Email: susan@hintzelaw.com Phone: (206) 413-7873 Email: sam@hintzelaw.com SUSAN L. HINTZE is Partner and Founder of Hintze Law PLLC, a boutique law firm focused on privacy and security law matters. Ms. Hintze and Hintze Law are US and Global Chambers ranked in the area of U.S. privacy and data security. Ms. Hintze advises Fortune 500 companies on international data protection issues. Her work includes defending companies on matters before the FTC, state attorneys general, SEC, and other regulators. She provides strategic counsel to companies and trade associations on industry standards and regulatory and legislative policy, conducting privacy due diligence in corporate transactions, negotiating data protection addendums, helping clients build and maintain their privacy and security programs, conducting data protection impact assessments, and leading breach response. Ms. Hintze formerly served as in-house privacy counsel with Microsoft Corp. Prior to Microsoft she was lead privacy counsel at Dell, Inc. Her last big law job was co-chair of Cooley's privacy and security group. Ms. Hintze is former Co-Chair of the RSA Conference Programming Privacy Track, a long-time member of the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP), former board member of IAPP's Privacy Bar, IAPP's Training Advisory Board, and Education Advisory Board, and former Advisory Board Member to the American Law Institute's Restatement Third on Information Privacy Principles. SAMUEL R. CASTIC is a partner with Hintze Law with 15 years of global privacy and cybersecurity experience. Sam counsels e-commerce, fintech, technology, telecom, social media, retail, and advertising clients from early-stage startups to the biggest global companies, on privacy and data protection. Sam uses his experience of having led privacy teams and programs at two large companies to provide clients with practical and actionable strategies for building, maturing, operationalizing, and maintaining privacy programs laws, and expectations. Sam offers practical strategies for earning and preserving customer trust; innovating and bringing products and services to market that meet privacy objectives; structuring effective and efficient privacy teams, programs, and operations; developing and executing personal data breach response capabilities; and negotiating and transfer developing agreements. that successfully navigate changing resolving data processing and repeatable processes technology, for Cybersecurity and Lawyer Ethics WSBA CLE July 11, 2023 Susan L. Hintze and Sam Castic Hintze Law PLLC Agenda 12:00 - 12:10 Duty of Competence 12:10 - 12:15 Duty to Safeguard Property 12:15 - 12:35 Duty of Confidentiality 12:35 - 12:50 Vendor Security 12:50 - 1:00 Other Security Tips Hintze Law PLLC Cybersecurity Threats to Law Firms Cybersecurity threats and breaches are not a question of "if". They're a question of "when." 27% of law firms have experienced a security breach. ABA 2022 Legal Tech Survey. "Law firms are targets for two general reasons: (1) they obtain, store and use highly sensitive information about their clients while at times utilizing safeguards to shield that information that may be inferior to those deployed by the client, and (2) the information in their possession is more likely to be of interest to a hacker and likely less voluminous than that held by the client." ABA Formal Opinion 477R. Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Competence RPC1.1 Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Competence - Obligation to Understand Technology Risk RPC 1.1, Comment 8 "To maintain the requisite knowledge and skill, a lawyer should keep abreast of changes in the law and its practice, including the benefits and risks associated with relevant technology, engage in continuing study and education and comply with all continuing legal education requirements to which the lawyer is subject." (Emphasis added.) Hintze Law PLLC Virtual or Hybrid Practices - WSBA Advisory Opinion 201601 (2022) • Must "become and remain familiar with the necessary features of employed technologies" including privacy policies and security practices. • Supervising lawyers must understand lawyer employees' and nonlawyer assistants' "use of electronic devices" Hintze Law PLLC Staff Training • RPC 5.1 provides that • Lawyers with managerial authority in a law firm or organization, shall ensure that the firm conform to the Rules of Professional Conduct. • Lawyers having direct supervisory authority over another lawyer must ensure that the other lawyer conforms to the Rules of Professional Conduct. • RPC 5.3 requires lawyers managing and supervising nonlawyer assistants to assure that the conduct of such assistants is compatible with the ethical duties of the lawyer. Hintze Law PLLC Practice Tip: Understand Technology Security Risks Email, Phone, SMS Phishing Email, Websites, Computer, Portable Devices, Servers, Software Malware, Ransomware, Breach Hintze Law PLLC Phishing Phishing is a cyberattack that uses an impersonated email to trick users in revealing sensitive data or downloading malware. Most common cyber attack affecting legal sector. Most all firms are targets for phishing attempts. Hintze Law PLLC Malware 2016 hackers breached top US firms, Cravath & Weil stealing valuable information about M&A deals for insider trading Hacks were released to three foreign nationals who used information stolen from the firms for insider trading, gaining more than $4 million. Hintze Law PLLC Ransomware In 2017, DLA Piper, Britain's biggest law firm, hit with Russia-backed ransomware attack (NotPetya) • wiped out systems and cost 15,000 hours of extra overtime for its IT staff insurance company denied multimillion dollar claim. In 2021, Heidell, Pittoni, Murphy and Bach, a NY law firm, suffered a ransomware attack due to unpatched email system vulnerabilities. • Sensitive client data was impacted. • The NY AG brought an enforcement action against the firm, resulting in a $200k penalty and multi-year consent decree. Hintze Law PLLC Duty to Safeguard Property RPC 1.1 Hintze Law PLLC Duty to Safeguard Property RPC 1.15A "A lawyer must identify, label and appropriately safeguard any property of clients or third persons other than funds. The lawyer must keep records of such property that identify the property, the client or third person, the date of receipt and the location of safekeeping. The lawyer must preserve the records for seven years after return of the property." RPC 1.15A(c)(3) (Emphasis added) Hintze Law PLLC • Understand where the client information is stored, processed, & transmitted • What categories of data are stored in each location • Who has and what systems have access and how is access controlled • Each access point and each place where data is stored should be evaluated for security compliance • Include third-party tools you may use to process data • Research the risks connected with tools you use to process data Hintze Law PLLC Security Tips: Inventory Data & Systems & Risk Security Tips: Understanding Risk • Evaluate the attractiveness of client's information - proprietary information relating to designs, mergers, financial dealings, and acquisitions or trade secrets, may present a higher risk. • The more sensitive the information, the higher the risk involved, the greater effort warranted. Personal data, especially sensitive data and health data covered by HIPAA, are higher risk Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality RPC 1.6 Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality RPC 1.6 "(a) A lawyer shall not reveal information relating to the representation of a client unless the client gives informed consent, the disclosure is impliedly authorized in order to carry out the representation or the disclosure is permitted by paragraph (b)." (emphasis added) . . . "(c) A lawyer shall make reasonable efforts to prevent the inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure of, or unauthorized access to, information relating to the representation of a client." (emphasis added) Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality - Scope of Information Covered RPC 1.6, Comment 3 ". . . The rule of client-lawyer confidentiality applies in situations other than those where evidence is sought from the lawyer through compulsion of law. The confidentiality rule, for example, applies not only to matters communicated in confidence by the client but also to all information relating to the representation, whatever its source. A lawyer may not disclose such information except as authorized or required by the Rules of Professional Conduct." Hintze Law PLLC Malware Malware is software designed to disrupt, damage, or permit unauthorized access to a computer system. 2016 Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca was subject to trojan horse attack that led to "Panama Papers" incident. 1.5 million documents leaked containing, financial, privileged and confidential data of thousands of wealthy individuals, government officials, and celebrities Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality - Acting Competently to Preserve Confidentiality RPC 1.6, Comment 18 "Paragraph (c) requires a lawyer to act competently to safeguard information relating to the representation of a client against unauthorized access by third parties and against inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure by the lawyer or other persons who are participating in the representation of the client or who are subject to the lawyer's supervision. See RPC 1.1, 5.1 and 5.3. The unauthorized access to, or the inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure of, information relating to the representation of a client does not constitute a violation of paragraph (c) if the lawyer has made reasonable efforts to prevent the access or disclosure." (emphasis added) Hintze Law PLLC Hacks and Weak Network Protection • Cohen Milstein detected unusual network activity, and found an unauthorized actor accessed client data in January 2021 • Data impacted included names, SSNs, driver's license numbers, medical information, and other personal data on ~3,900 Washington residents • Notifications were provided, and its notice to the Washington AG is published on the AG's website Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality - Acting Competently to Preserve Confidentiality RPC 1.6, Comment 18 Nonexclusive factors determine the reasonableness of the lawyer's efforts include: • The sensitivity of the information • The likelihood of disclosure if additional safeguards are not employed • The cost of employing additional safeguards • The difficulty of implementing the safeguards • The extent to which the safeguards adversely affect the lawyer's ability to represent clients (e.g., by making a device or important piece of software excessively difficult to use) Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality - Acting Competently to Preserve Confidentiality Model Rule 1.6, Comment 18 ABA Formal Opinion 477R also notes that reasonable efforts include: • having a process to assess risks, • identify and implement appropriate security measures responsive to those risks • verify that they are effectively implemented • ensure that they are continually updated in response to new developments Hintze Law PLLC Nonsecure Disposal Nonsecure disposal happens when physical or electronic records are not destroyed before disposal. Texas law firm failed to securely dispose of computer and USB drive exposing 627 names and social security numbers. Computer ended up in hands of buyer at a pawnshop. Texas AG initiated investigation. Hintze Law PLLC Lost or Stolen Equipment • 2006. A laptop was stolen from car trunk of law firm's auditor. • Unencrypted laptop contained client's confidential employee pension plan information -- names, SSNs, remaining balances, 401(k) and profit-sharing information. Hintze Law PLLC • Use access controls and use and require appropriately strong unique password for access to sensitive data and systems • Implement firewalls and anti-Malware/Anti Spyware/Antivirus software on all devices • Apply all security patches and updates to software in a timely fashion • Only use applications and online services accounts authorized by your organization to process client information or communicate with clients. • Refuse access to data and system by other systems and devices that fail to comply with security requirements • Have ability to remotely disable lost or stolen devices and destroy data on those devices • Encrypt data in transmission and consider encryption or other safeguards for data stored on a device Hintze Law PLLC Security Tips: Electronic Security Security Tips: Record Disposal • Burn, pulverize, shred, incinerate, or mutilate paper documents • Destroy, erase, make unreadable, or otherwise modify electronic media and equipment so that information cannot be read or reconstructed • Have a policy that details these measures and ensure that everyone follows the policy • Use a cross-cut shredder or secure shredding company • Any equipment disposal (e.g. old laptops) should be handled by IT and should involve sanitization protocols before disposal Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality - Custom and Additional Security Requirements RPC 1.6, Comment 18 "A client may require the lawyer to implement special security measures not required by this rule or may give informed consent to forgo security measures that would otherwise be required by this rule. Whether a lawyer may be required to take additional steps to safeguard a client's information in order to comply with other law, such as state and federal laws that govern data privacy or that impose notification requirements upon the loss of, or unauthorized access to, electronic information, is beyond the scope of these rules." Hintze Law PLLC Duty of Confidentiality - Transmitting Client Data RPC 1.6, Comment 19 "When transmitting a communication that includes information relating to the representation of a client, the lawyer must take reasonable precautions to prevent the information from coming into the hands of unintended recipients. This duty, however, does not require that the lawyer use special security measures if the method of communication affords a reasonable expectation of privacy. Special circumstances, however, may warrant special precautions. Factors to be considered in determining the reasonableness of the lawyer's expectation of confidentiality include the sensitivity of the information and the extent to which the privacy of the communication is protected by law or by a confidentiality agreement…." Hintze Law PLLC Email Security - WSBA Advisory Opinion 2217 (2012) • Lawyer has an obligation to advise client that use of employer-provided email, computer, or device, may be subject to monitoring by employer and could waive the attorney-client privilege. • This obligation is particularly important if there is reason to believe the client is unaware this may occur. • Lawyer's obligation to inform client also applies when client is using a public computer or device if lawyer believes there is a significant risk a third party could access communications. Hintze Law PLLC Vendor Security RPC 5.3 Hintze Law PLLC RPC 5.3, Comment 3 "Examples include the retention of an investigative or paraprofessional service, hiring a document management company to create and maintain a database for complex litigation, sending client documents to a third party for printing or scanning, and using an Internet-based service to store client information. When using such services outside the firm, a lawyer must make reasonable efforts to ensure that the services are provided in a manner that is compatible with the lawyer's professional obligations. The extent of this obligation will depend upon the circumstances, including the education, experience, and reputation of the nonlawyer; the nature of the services involved; the terms of any arrangements concerning the protection of client information; and the legal and ethical environments of the jurisdictions in which the services will be performed, particularly with regard to confidentiality..." RPC 5.3, Comment 4 "Where the client directs the selection of a particular nonlawyer service provider outside the firm, the lawyer ordinarily should agree with the client concerning the allocation of responsibility for monitoring as between the client and the lawyer." Hintze Law PLLC Responsibilities Regarding Nonlawyers - Vendors Utilized Virtual or Hybrid Practices - WSBA Advisory Opinion 201601 (2022) • Must use reasonable efforts to make sure vendors and services used are secure and used in a manner compatible with professional obligations. Cloud Computing - WSBA Advisory Opinion 2215 (2012) Hintze Law PLLC • Considered example of a law firm using a third- party vendor to store client flies and documents in a cloud-based software • Lawyer must use appropriate due diligence in selecting a service provider, and may consider: 1. Potential risks of online data storage based on review of literature, cloud industry standards, and desirable features 2. Evaluation of provider's practices, reputation, and history 3. Review of provider agreement terms re confidentiality 4. Review of provider agreement terms on retrieving data 5. Confirming provisions in agreement that provider will provide prompt notice if there is unauthorized access 6. Ensuring secure and limited access to provider's systems 7. Ensuring secure backup for data maintained by provider • Cannot rely on due diligence at selection stage alone-must monitor and regularly review security practices because they may become obsolete or substandard to other providers' practices over time. Hintze Law PLLC • Proskauer Rose utilized a cloud storage vendor for client data. • News reports indicate that 184,000 files stored by the vendor were accessible by anyone online into 2023. • The firm indicated the incident was caused by the vendor's failure to secure access to the storage location. Hintze Law PLLC Ransomware • In December, 2020, Christensen O'Connor Johnson Kindness, a Washington-based law firm, suffered a ransomware attack • Incident was due to a vulnerability with law firm's VPN service provider • Resulted in unauthorized access to personal data, including names, addresses, SSNs, financial account numbers, of current and former employees Hintze Law PLLC Security Tips: Vendor Security • Conduct due diligence before selecting a vendor • Consider background checks and checks of vendor references • Consider reputation, prior security incidents, and industry standards/competitor practices • Review vendor's security policies and protocols • Have appropriate contractual commitments regarding confidentiality and security • Periodically review vendor security practices to make sure they are still in line with best practice Hintze Law PLLC Vendors Look for the following in contractual commitments: How and why will your data be used (e.g., vendor purposes?) Commitment to specific security controls and commitments such as for: Encryption of data in transit and at rest Role based access controls Background checks for staff Vulnerability and patch management Anti-malware software and protocols Firewalls Logging and monitoring Practices when selecting and overseeing subcontractors that have access to your data Timely notifying you of data breaches What countries your data will be processed and maintained in Notifying you when it receives government or third party demands for your data Adherence to specific data security standards or frameworks Annual (and independent) security assessments, and sharing reports with you Training staff on security practices Secure deletion protocols; return or deletion on request and at end of services Responsibilities the vendor places on you, and your users, for data security Duty to Disclose Breaches RPC 1.4 Hintze Law PLLC Data Breaches • Data Breaches are incidents that result in unauthorized access to, acquisition of, or use of, data. • Ethical obligations may require lawyers to disclose data breaches involving client data to clients. Laws may require lawyers to disclose data breaches involving certain types of personal data to clients/data subjects, and regulators. Hintze Law PLLC Duty to Disclose Breaches RPC 1.4 Duty to Communicate • Rule 1.4(a)(3) Lawyers must "keep the client reasonably informed about the status of the matter." • Rule 1.4(b) "A lawyer shall explain a matter to the extent reasonably necessary to permit the client to make informed decisions regarding the representation." • Includes disclosure when breach of client information is suspected or detected • Extends to former clients • Does not extend to non-client information but laws may apply Hintze Law PLLC Notification Obligations • Spear Wilderman was alleged to have a hack caused by inadequate authentication to its database • The firm took 18+ months to notify impacted individuals whose SSNs, driver's license, and other sensitive data was impacted Hintze Law PLLC State Data Security Breach Chart https://hintzelaw.com/cybersecurity Hintze Law PLLC Other Security Tips Hintze Law PLLC Devices & Equipment • Encrypt laptops, phones, and other portable devices Lock your screen if you leave your computer unattended even for a minute • Only use firm-issued or securely managed devices for accessing, storing, or processing client information; do not allow unmanaged employee devices • Do not use thumb drives of unknown origin • Do not use unauthorized printers • Use data blockers if using unknown USB ports to charge devices • Prioritize device operating system updates. If there is no time during the workday, direct your device to update overnight. Only use applications and online services accounts authorized by your organization to process client information or communicate with clients. Immediately notify IT if a device is missing or stolen Hintze Law PLLC Public WiFi • Public WiFi can expose you to hacking incidents. • Understand that unencrypted networks (e.g. connecting to a HTTP, not HTTPS, website) may allow content and data to be visible to others • Use your phone WiFi tether instead if possible. If you must use a public network, using a VPN adds protection. If engaging in particularly sensitive activities or in an untrusted place, use a VPN. Hintze Law PLLC Credentials • Never share your passwords • Do not reuse passwords • Consider using a password manager to create, manage, and store your user name and password • Use a unique, strong, and sufficiently complex password that you don't use on any other service • Multi-factor authentication should be enabled on all accounts. If you encounter a login for client work that does not prompt you with MFA, take steps to turn it on Hintze Law PLLC Other Ethics Guidance Hintze Law PLLC • ABA Formal Opinion 483 (2018) regarding obligations after a data breach. • ABA Formal Opinion 477R (2017) on ethical obligations for securing protected client information. • WSBA Advisory Opinion 2216 (2012) regarding metadata in client documents transmitted to opposing counsel or third parties. • WSBA Advisory Opinion 2175 (2008) regarding security in fee agreements entered into via email. • WSBA Advisory Opinion 1916 (2000) regarding transmission of client documents through website. • WSBA Advisory Opinion 1758 (1997) regarding detailed bills going to an outside auditor without client consent. • ABA Formal Opinion 95-398 (1995) regarding use of vendors to maintain client files. Hintze Law PLLC Hintze Law PLLC Other Advisory Opinions Questions? Thank You! Susan Hintze susan@hintzelaw.com Office: 206-323-9022 Sam Castic sam@hintzelaw.com Office: 206-413-7873 Hintze Law PLLC WASHINGTON'S RULES OF PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT Fundamental Principles of Professional Conduct Preamble and Scope 1.0A Terminology 1.0B Additional Washington Terminology Title 7 Information About Legal Services 7.1 Communications Concerning a Lawyers Services 7.2 Reserved 7.3 Solicitation of Clients 7.4 Reserved 7.5 Reserved 7.6 Political Contributions to Obtain Government Legal Engagements or Appointments by Judges Title 8 Maintaining the Integrity of the Profession 8.1 Bar Admission and Disciplinary Matters 8.2 Judicial and Legal Officials 8.3 Reporting Professional Misconduct 8.4 Misconduct 8.5 Disciplinary Authority; Choice of Law Appendix Guidelines for Applying Rule of Professional Conduct 3.6 Title 1 Client-Lawyer Relationship 1.1 Competence 1.2 Scope of Representation and Allocation 1.3 Diligence 1.4 Communication 1.5 Fees 1.6 Confidentiality of Information 1.7 Conflict of Interest: Current Clients 1.8 Conflict of Interest: Current Clients: Specific Rules 1.9 Duties to Former Clients 1.10 Imputation of Conflicts of Interest: General Rule 1.11 Special Conflicts of Interest for Former and Current Government Officers and Employees 1.12 Former Judge, Arbitrator, Mediator or Other Third-Party Neutral 1.13 Organization as Client 1.14 Client with Diminished Capacity 1.15A Safeguarding Property 1.15B Required Trust Account Records 1.16 Declining or Terminating Representation 1.17 Sale of Law Practice 1.18 Duties to Prospective Client Title 2 Counselor 2.1 Advisor 2.2 (Deleted) 2.3 Evaluation for Use by Third Persons 2.4 Lawyer Serving as Third-Party Neutral Title 3 Advocate 3.1 Meritorious Claims and Contentions 3.2 Expediting Litigation 3.3 Candor Toward the Tribunal 3.4 Fairness to Opposing Party 3.5 Impartiality and Decorum of the Tribunal 3.6 Trial Publicity 3.7 Lawyer as Witness 3.8 Special Responsibilities of a Prosecutor 3.9 Advocate in Nonadjudicative Proceedings Title 4 Transactions With Persons Other Than Clients 4.1 Truthfulness in Statements to Others 4.2 Communication With Person Represented by a Lawyer 4.3 Dealing With Person Not Represented by a Lawyer 4.4 Respect for Rights of Third Person Title 5 Law Firms and Associations 5.1 Responsibilities of Partners, Managers, and Supervisory Lawyers 5.2 Responsibilities of a Subordinate Lawyer 5.3 Responsibilities Regarding Nonlawyer Assistants 5.4 Professional Independence of a Lawyer 5.5 Unauthorized Practice of Law; Multijurisdictional Practice of Law 5.6 Restrictions on Right to Practice 5.7 Responsibilities Regarding Law-Related Services 5.8 Misconduct Involving Lawyers and LLLTs Not Actively Licensed to Practice Law 5.9 Business Structures Involving LLLT and Lawyer Ownership 5.10 Responsibilities Regarding Other Legal Practitioners Title 6 Public Service 6.1 Pro Bono Publico Service 6.2 Accepting Appointments 6.3 Membership in Legal Services Organization 6.4 Law Reform Activities Affecting Client Interests 6.5 Nonprofit and Court- Annexed Limited Legal Service Programs