SJ mayor gives update on workers strike following tentative agreement between city, unions Watch Now Get the new ABC7 Bay Area mobile app today! Full Story Watch ABC7 newscasts on demand Full Story How safe is your neighborhood? Check out Bay Area safety tracker Full Story WATCH LIVE 73° google Google moving forward with deleting accounts that haven't been used in 2 years By Jennifer Korn , CNNWire In recent technology news, Google is moving forward with deleting accounts, including Gmail, that have not been used in two years. NEW YORK -- Google is moving ahead with its plan to delete accounts that have been inactive for at least two years. Accounts won't be deleted until Dec. 1, but Google (GOOG) will start sending warnings to affected users, CNN reported . The company will send multiple warning notifications to impacted Google (GOOG) accounts (and to backup emails if the user provided one), and users will have an eight-month window before deletion. The company announced the new policy back in May, saying it's intended to prevent security risks: Internal findings show older accounts are more likely to rely on recycled passwords and less likely to employ up-to-date security measures like two-step-verification, making them far more vulnerable to issues like phishing, hacking and spam. The first accounts to be cut are those that were created and then never revisited by the user, Google said in May. "We want to protect your private information and prevent any unauthorized access to your account even if you're no longer using our services," Google wrote in its policy update Monday. There are a few exceptions to the policy: Accounts with YouTube channels, remaining balances on a gift cards, those that have been used to purchase a digital item like a book or movie, and those that have published apps that are active on a platform like the Google Play store, the company said Monday. The decision to delete accounts goes a step further than an older policy. In 2020, Google said users would have their content wiped from services they'd stopped using, but the accounts themselves would not be deleted. To save your account, all you need to do is log in to sign into your Google account or any Google service at least once every two years and perhaps read an email, watch a video or perform a single search, among other activities. The-CNN-Wire & 2023 Cable News Network, Inc., a Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All rights reserved. TECHNOLOGY NEW YORK EMAILS GOOGLE SOCIAL MEDIA WEBSITES U.S. & WORLD Google Facebook threatens to block news stories in CA if state bill passes Supreme Court sides with Twitter, Google in high-stakes cases Here's how Google says AI will change your search, email experience Google 'committed' to massive complex in downtown San Jose ON NOW Top Stories San Jose workers strike called off after tentative agreement: Official 30 minutes ago Mom confirms daughter found in duffel bag at SF's Golden Gate Park Donald Trump, 18 allies indicted in Georgia 2020 election probe Death toll from Maui wildfire climbs to 99 Federal employees in SF asked to work from home amid crime: report Here's why SF police may take days to respond to your 911 calls How will students learn about AI? Bay Area teachers are testing it out 2 hours ago Still no funding to upgrade SF's emergency warning sirens