Privacy Policy The websites of Above & Beyond, Anjunabeats, Anjunadeep are administered by Involved Productions Ltd., a company registered with Companies House in England and Wales under number 053 966 00 whose principal place of business is at 65 Decima Street, London SE1 4QR (“Involved Productions”/“we”/“us”/”our”). We provide the websites at www.aboveandbeyond.nu, www.anjunabeats.com, www.anjunadeep.com (the “Website” / “Websites”) and email newsletters (the “Newsletters”) (all as defined in the Involved Productions “Terms of Use”). By using our Services, you consent to us processing your personal information in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “Policy”). This is the legal basis upon which we process your personal information and is necessary for the performance of our obligations under the Terms of Use. You may withdraw such consent at any time by letting us know at contact@anjunabeats.com. At that time, you may also want to remove any cookies which have been placed on any device used to access the Website. Your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out by us prior to such withdrawal. To ensure your experience using our products is both relevant and useful, we are required to collect some personal information from you. We take your privacy seriously and always work to ensure that your data is retained in a securely. When does this policy apply? This Policy and the Terms of Use apply to your use of the Website and to your use of the Newsletters. What sort of information do we collect? Information you voluntarily provideIf you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence for upwards of two years in case we need to contact you in relation to the issue for which you contacted us. We will not use it for marketing purposes.At times, the information you give may include your name, address, telephone number and email address When you use the Website, Newsletters and interact with our Services, we may use technology such as that provided by Google Analytics, Mailchimp or Linkfire to collect anonymised and aggregated information about your visit to our Website and and/or Newsletters. These tools enable us to analyse how you and others interact with our Website, Apps and Newsletters. The information we collect may include: Your IP addressThe type of browser you use (e.g. are you using the Chrome or Safari browser?)The number of sessions per browser on each deviceThe type of device (eg Samsung) and operating system (eg Android) you are usingReferrer informationTime zoneIf you opened our newslettersWhich pages you visited This is what we do with the information we collect about you We use the information you provide to us to: Ensure that content from our Website and Newsletters is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device to achieve the most user-friendly navigation experienceProvide you with marketing information about us and our servicesNotify you about changes to the Website, Newsletters and ServicesCarry out our obligations arising out of the Terms of UseDefend our servers against malicious attacks. Where we propose using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above. Our use of aggregated and anonymised information We may share anonymised usage data which does not identify you specifically with third parties. We may combine your data with those of other users of our Website and Newsletters and share this information in aggregated and anonymised form with third parties to help us improve the design and delivery of our Website and Newsletters. Who we share your information with We will only share your non-anonymised information with other organisations where we have your permission to do so in accordance with this Policy or where we believe it is necessary for a legitimate reason connected with the Website and Newsletters. We work with analytics providers and we may receive information about you from them. Below is a non-exhaustive list of third parties we work with. We may work with third parties not listed below or stop working with the third parties listed below. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to third parties: If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request;To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements or to investigate potential breaches; and/orTo protect the rights, property or safety of our Website, Newsletters or our users. Name of third party and why we work with them Google Analytics - To monitor Website performance and the user experience. Privacy Policy LINK Google Apps for Work - To process emails.Privacy Policy LINK Front - To process emails and fulfil customer support requests. Privacy Policy LINK Mailchimp - To provide you with our Newsletters and improve the user experience. Privacy Policy LINK Linkfire - To provide you with direct links to our content and to collect anonymised and aggregated information about our users. Privacy Policy LINK Facebook Advertising - To serve aggregated and anonymised marketing messages about our content and services. Privacy Policy LINK Instagram Advertising - To serve aggregated and anonymised marketing messages about our content and services. Privacy Policy LINK Google Ad Words - To serve aggregated and anonymised marketing messages about our content and services. Privacy Policy LINK Twitter Advertising - To serve aggregated and anonymised marketing messages about our content and services. Privacy Policy LINK Spotify - To give you direct access to our content via the Spotify service. Privacy Policy LINK Active Campaign - To provide you with our Newsletters and improve the user experience. Privacy Policy LINK Feature FM - To provide you with direct links to our content and to collect anonymised and aggregated information about our users. Privacy Policy LINK TikTok - To serve aggregated and anonymised marketing messages about our content and services. Privacy Policy LINK Audience Republic - To provide you with information about live events through email Newsletters and mobile SMS (Short Message Service) and to improve the user experience. LINK You may opt out of tracking by any of these services by blocking cookies on your browser. Some of the third parties above may also allow you to block tracking directly through their website. From time to time we may place cookies from other third parties not listed above to help us communicate relevant services and content to you. Some of the partners we have worked with include Media Math, Blue Kai, App Nexus and Google’s Double Click Exchange. Involved Productions only works with third party cookie providers who guarantee adequate privacy protections for users of our Websites and Newsletters. For more information about how your information is handled by any of the services listed above, please refer to the company's privacy policy which you will be able to find on their official website. We do not operate so called ‘first party’ pixels. Your rights You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, with the exception of customer communication such as downtime, welcome emails and the like. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at contact@anjunabeats.com The law gives you the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. We will supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files. In addition, you may request rectification or erasure of personal information as well as the restriction of processing of your personal information. We will comply with your requests in accordance with the applicable law. If you wish to complain about the processing of your personal information then please contact us first, but if we do not satisfactorily deal with your complaint, then you may contact the Information Commissioner. If you want to stop using the Website and Newsletters - you may do so. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access the Website and Newsletters. Third party properties accessed from the websites / newsletters Our Website, Apps and Newsletters and Services may contain links to and from the online properties of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these online properties, please note that these online properties have their own privacy policies which will govern use of any personal information that they process. Please check these policies carefully before you click on any links and/or submit any personal information to these online properties. Do Not Sell My Information If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may permit you or your authorized agent to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information to third parties. The CCPA defines ‘sale’ broadly, and that definition could include information that we have shared with our service providers and certain technology providers. It can also include certain data collection on our sites and applications by third parties for the purposes of internet-based advertising and social media. Our Privacy Policy describes in more depth the limited circumstances in which we may share your information with third parties outside Involved Productions Ltd. You also have the right to delete any personal information that has been collected by us through your use of our website and/or services, as well as correct any inaccurate personal information.Please submit all such requests through contact@anjunabeats.com. In order to delete the personal information we hold about you we will first have to verify your identity. You will not be discriminated against in the use of our website/services for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Please complete the form below if you wish to exercise your ‘opt out’ rights. While you are not required to complete all fields, please be advised that we can only search for your information and mark it as not to be shared using the details that you provide; if you decline to provide information, our search may be incomplete. Opt Out Form Please note that you do not have the right to opt out of our sharing your personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the information only for that function. If you are completing this request on behalf of another person, please fill in the consumer’s information and add your information in the space provided in the affidavits here . Changes to our policy Any changes we may make to this Policy will be posted on this page. Where it makes sense because the changes are material, we will notify you by e-mail or in another appropriate manner such as when you next interact with the Website and Newsletters. How to contact us You can contact us by emailing us at contact@anjunabeats.com Powered by Ochre.