This website uses cookies Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Necessary 37 incap_ses_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nlbi_# Used to ensure website security and fraud detection. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP visid_incap_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP referrer95_00b [x2] Pending Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP ___utmvc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cookie_95.00B_queryStringParams Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CONSENT Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP 63c597ccd1518e710eed86ef#pages Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB pageUrl Pending Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Statistics sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Marketing 21 pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website.Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML pardot Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP utm_session_95_00b Pending Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP utmTracking Pending Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#IABV2_TITLE#] Do not sell or share my personal information Cookiebot by Usercentrics Privacy Policy We take your privacy seriously and operate under GDPR regulations Privacy Policy Accedo Broadband AB operates the www.accedo.tv website, which provides the associated website and other pages, henceforth known as the “Service”.This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal DataData that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect my be used to contact or identify you. This information is gathered in compliance with relevant laws and strictures in jurisdictions in which Accedo operates. Log Data For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect my be used to contact or identify you. This information is gathered in compliance with relevant laws and strictures in jurisdictions in which Accedo operates. Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information, and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer.If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies, and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.We want to inform our Service users that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. These third-parties are assigned to perform tasks on behalf of the Service owner, and they are obligated to only use the information for the originally intended purpose. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting that data. Service Providers Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us, and we bear no liability for your use of those sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children's Privacy Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately remove such information from our servers. If you are a parent, or guardian, and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take any necessary action as required by the controlling jurisdiction. Erasure of Personal Data You have the right to request a list of what data is collected about you. You also have the right to request your personal data that we are processing to be erased from our systems, if there’s good reason to do so according to Article 17 of the EU General Data Privacy Regulation. For any inquiries about personal data, contact dpo@accedo.tv. Charges to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted to this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at dpo@accedo.tv.This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Necessary 37 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. incap_ses_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nlbi_# Used to ensure website security and fraud detection. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP visid_incap_# Preserves users states across page requests. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP referrer95_00b [x2] Pending Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP ___utmvc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP cookie_95.00B_queryStringParams Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CONSENT Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website.Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP 63c597ccd1518e710eed86ef#pages Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB pageUrl Pending Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP www.accedo.tvwww2.accedo.tv CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Marketing 21 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML pardot Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. utm_session_95_00b Pending Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP utmTracking Pending Expiry : 10 years Type : HTTP [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 8/8/23 by Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#][#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site.For all other types of cookies we need your permission.This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Do not sell or share my personal information Cookiebot by Usercentrics Solutions About Us Candidate Privacy Notice Accedo Broadband AB, org nr. 556654-7864, Magnus Ladulåsgatan 63, 118 27 Stockholm, Sweden and its legal subsidiaries (“we”, “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which the personal data collected from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in connection with our recruitment processes. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.‍For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Data Controller is Accedo Broadband AB, org nr. 556654-7864, Magnus Ladulåsgatan 65, 118 27 Stockholm, Sweden. We use Comeet, an online application provided by Comeet Technologies Inc., to assist with our recruitment process. We use Comeet to process personal information as a Data Processor on our behalf. Comeet is only entitled to process your personal data in accordance with our instructions.‍Where you apply for a job opening posted by us, these Privacy Notice provisions will apply to our processing of your personal information. When you apply for a job opening via the application function on a job site or recruitment agency (“Partner”), you should note that the relevant Partner may retain your personal data and may also collect data from us in respect of the progress of your application. Any use by the Partner of your data will be in accordance with the Partner’s Privacy Notice. Data protection principles We will comply with data protection laws and principles, which means that your data will be:‍ ● Used lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent way.● Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you in this notice and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.● Relevant to the purposes we have explained to you in this notice and limited only to those purposes.● Accurate and kept up to date.● Maintained only for as long as necessary for the purposes we have explained to you in this notice, i.e. in relation to the recruitment exercise.● Kept securely and protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against loss or destruction using appropriate technical and organizational measures. Purposes of processing We use your data for the following purposes:‍ ● To consider your application in respect of a role for which you have applied.● To consider your application in respect of other roles.● To communicate with you in respect of the recruitment process.● To enhance any information that we receive from you with information obtained from third-party data providers.● To find appropriate candidates to fill our job openings. The kind of data we hold about you In connection with your application, we will collect, use, and store the following categories ofpersonal data about you:‍ ● The data you have provided to us in your curriculum vitae (CV) and the personal data contained in your cover letter.● The data you have provided on our application form, including name, title, home/term address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, gender, employment history, qualifications, nationality, social media accounts, profession, professional memberships, educational achievements, diplomas, transcripts, languages, computer skills, national service completion (if applicable), identification number and any data you provide us during interviews with our employees.● Any personal data provided to us about you by your referees (where applicable). How is your personal data collected? We collect personal data about candidates from the following sources:‍ ● You, the candidate.● Your named referees, after your explicit consent, from whom we collect the following categories of data: full name, periods of previous employment, and performance during previous employment.● From publicly accessible sources, such as Linkedin, etc., where we collect your full name, email, work history, and other data included on your profile.How we will use data about you We will use the personal data we collect about you to:‍ ● Assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role.● Carry out background and reference checks, where applicable.● Communicate with you about the recruitment process.● Keep records related to our hiring processes.● Comply with legal or regulatory requirements.The legal basis under the EU laws for processing your data is our legitimate interest to decide whether to appoint you to the role since it would be beneficial to our business to appoint a suitable candidate to that role. We also need to process your personal data to decide whether to enter into an employment contract with you.‍Having received your CV and cover letter and the results from any tests you took, we will then process that data to decide whether you meet the basic requirements to be shortlisted for the role. If you do, we will decide whether your application is suitable to invite you for an interview. If we decide to call you for an interview, we will use the data you provide to us at the interview to decide whether to offer you the role. If we decide to offer you the role, we may then take up references and/or any other check before confirming your appointment.‍ If you fail to provide personal data If you fail to provide personal data when requested, which is necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we may not be able to process your application further. For example, if we require references for this role and you fail to provide us with relevant details, we will not be able to take your application further. How we use particularly sensitive personal data We will use your sensitive personal data only in so far as we are permitted by law to do so:‍ ● We will use data about your disability status to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustments during the recruitment process, for example, whether adjustments need to be made during a test or interview.● We will use data about your nationality or ethnicity, to assess whether a work permit and a visa will be necessary for the role. Automated decision-making You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making. Data sharing We will only share your personal data with third parties for the purposes of processing your application. All our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data in line with our policies and in compliance with applicable legal requirements. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. Data security We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used,or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered,or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need-to-know. They will only process your personal data on our specific instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality and compliance to the appropriate legal requirements.‍We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. Data retention We will retain your personal data for a period of 3 years after your last application date. If you are unsuccessful we shall retain your personal data for 12 months or for a period of 3 years upon your explicit consent. We retain your personal data for that period so that we can show, in the event of a legal claim, that we have not discriminated against candidates on prohibited grounds and that we have conducted the recruitment exercise in a fair and transparent way. We further retain such personal data in case a similar role becomes vacant for which you will be a fitting candidate. After this period, we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with our data retention policy. Rights of access, correction, erasure, and restriction Your rights in connection with personal data‍Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:‍ ● Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.● Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data corrected.● Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).● Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.● Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example, if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.● Request the transfer of your personal data to another party.If you wish to request erasure of your personal data or object to the processing of your personal data, please send an email to dpo@accedo.tv . Address data protection queries We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal data, please contact the DPO at dpo@accedo.tv .Cookiebot Privacy Policy Share www.cookiebot.com Last update: March 28, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information. I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the Usercentrics A/SHavnegade 391058 CopenhagenDenmarkPhone: + 45 50 333 777Email: mail@usercentrics.com Company registration number DK34624607 You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to privacy@cookiebot.com . II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA 1. Scope of processingIn principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basisThe processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1. 3. Storage and deletion of your dataIn principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract. 3.1. Data Retention PolicyDue to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account. Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. 3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations. 3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy. III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES 1. Scope of data processing Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs); 1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); 1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers; 1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert. 2. Data processed 2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g.this is information like – Information about the type and version of your internet browser, – The operating system of your computer or smartphone, – Your internet service provider, – Your IP address, – Date and time of your access, – Geographic location, – Websites from which you came to us, – Websites that you visit from our site; We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. 2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan. IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS 1. Description and scope of data processing On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored. Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored. In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise. 2. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). 3. Purpose of the data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. 4. Duration of storage If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. 5. Revoking consent and removal possibility You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case. V. NEWSLETTER When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time. You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter. Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters. VI. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS 1. Scope of data processing You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics.Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours; 1.2 To identify you as a contracting party; 1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com; 1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested); 1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions; 1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you; 1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or 1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.] If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”. 2. Data processed If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed: “Account Data” When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details. “Configuration Data” We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”). “System Generated Data” The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.: In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager. In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, please note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.The UTM parameters allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are: Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website. Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels. Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately. Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better. Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video. The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 12.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers. Aggregated statistical data on End User consents. 3. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. 4. Purpose of the data processing Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. 5. Opposition and removal possibility You always have the option to cancel your account.You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion. VII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/ for information on the cookies we use. VIII. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA. The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law. Your rights under California Privacy Law Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”) You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including: The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by lawRight To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”) You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page. Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right. Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@cookiebot.com . We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements. Response Timing and Format Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request. Children Under the Age of 16 Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16. IX. MINORS Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information.If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com . X. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services. The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites. As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object. We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences: Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller). Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland). Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum). Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum Privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Google my business We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”). We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy: We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts. If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to. We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website. XI. THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites. XII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES 12.1 Recipients of Data Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data. In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us. In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand. If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so. If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection. 12.2 Data Transfer to third Countries As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art.45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations. If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. 12.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland Data hosting for CMPAdvertisingWeb analytics service Consent dataMSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth, Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time for visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland Facebook Pixel – Web analytics service FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) – Web analytics service Device info, IP address, ReferrerURL, Timestamp, Browser info In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Youtube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland Web analytics service Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark Bookkeeping and accounting system Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, AddressOther applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Support system for better communication with you Email address, Any other information provided Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, GermanyData may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,80636 Munich,Germany Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders. Account data, Contact information In the USA (San Francisco, CA)For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142USA CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)Geolocation to show the right cookie banner IP addresses on the end user. Database in the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. bGDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider) IP addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times Database in the European Union GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit.b Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America Monitoring service for cloud applications IP address In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Analytics service IP address,Geographical location In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,Rosenheimer Str. 143C81671 Munich, Germany Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email Emails EU and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Webchat service/chat function on our website All information we receive in the chat function + type of account In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg Payment provider PayPal information, Payment data,Order number, Credit Card information,Credit check and statistical data if applicable,Address data if applicable Worldwide GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b QuickPay (Nets), ApSP. O. Pedersens Vej 28200 Aarhus NDenmark Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4DK-6200 AabenraaDENMARK Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b XIII. YOUR RIGHTS If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us: Right to information (Article 15 GDPR) Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR) Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR) Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order. Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR) Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR). In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “ Name of the person responsible “. You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency. XIV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner. Find out more information in our Data Processing Agreement . XV. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services and our Data Processing Agreement . XVI. UPDATES We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 28, 2023. Click here to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 27, 2023. Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE US Dollars - $ Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Get the Cookiebot WordPress PluginSpotify Privacy Policy Effective as of 22 February 2023 1. About this Policy 2. Your personal data rights and controls 3. Personal data we collect about you 4. Our purpose for using your personal data 5. Sharing your personal data 6. Data retention 7. Transfer to other countries 8. Keeping your personal data safe 9. Children 10. Changes to this Policy 11. How to contact us 1. About this Policy This Privacy Policy describes how we process your personal data at Spotify AB. From now on, we'll call it the 'Policy'. It applies to your use of: all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes: your use of Spotify on any devicethe personalisation of your user experience. Watch our personalisation explainer video to learn more about thisthe infrastructure required to provide our servicesconnection of your Spotify account with another applicationboth our free or paid streaming options (each a ' Service Option ')other Spotify services which include a link to this Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the Community Site From now on, we'll collectively call these the ' Spotify Service '. From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They'll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. This Policy is not ... the Spotify Terms of Use , which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your user rightsabout your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy. Other Spotify services include Anchor, Soundtrap, Megaphone and the Spotify Live app Other resources and settings Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls: Privacy Center : A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics and helpful videos. It includes the 'Your Privacy Controls' video which shows you how to exercise your user rights and make choices about the way we process your data. See Section 2 'Your personal data rights and controls' for more on user rights. Privacy Settings : Control the processing of certain personal data, including tailored advertising . Notification Settings : Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify. Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as 'Social' or 'Explicit Content'. On the 'Social' setting, you can: start a Private sessionchoose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followerschoose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile On the 'Explicit Content' setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account. Cookies Policy : Information on how we use cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences. Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website. 2. Your personal data rights and controls Many privacy laws give rights to individuals over their personal data. These laws include the General Data Protection Regulation, or 'GDPR' . Some rights only apply when Spotify uses a certain 'legal basis' to process your data. We explain each legal basis, and when Spotify uses each one, in Section 4 'Our purpose for using your personal data' . The table below explains: your rightscircumstances when they apply (such as the legal basis required)how to use them You can also watch our video about Your Privacy Controls . Be informed Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it. We inform you: through this Policythrough information provided to you as you use the Spotify Serviceby answering your specific questions and requests when you contact us Access Request access to the personal data we process about you. To request a copy of your personal data from Spotify, either: use the “Download your data” tool in your account Privacy Settings , or contact us When you download your data you will receive the information about your data that Spotify has to provide under Article 15 of the GDPR. If you would like more information about how we process your personal data, you can contact us . Rectification Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate or incomplete. You can edit your User Data under ‘Edit profile’ in your account or by contacting us . Erasure Request that we erase certain of your personal data.For example, you can ask us to erase personal data: that we no longer need for the purpose it was collected forthat we process based on the legal basis of consent, and you withdraw your consentwhen you object (see section ‘Object’ below) and you make a justified objection, oryou object to direct marketing There are situations where Spotify is unable to delete your data, for example when: it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for Spotify’s interest in using the data overrides your interest in having it deleted. For example, where we need the data to protect our services from fraudSpotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, orSpotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account There are several ways you can erase personal data from Spotify: to remove audio content from your profile select the relevant content and choose to remove it. For example, you can remove playlists from your profile, or remove a track from your playlistto request erasure of your other personal data from Spotify, follow the steps on our support page . This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you’ you can also contact us to request erasure Restriction Request that we stop processing all or some of your personal data. You can do this if: your personal data is inaccurateour processing is unlawfulwe do not need your information for a specific purpose, oryou object to our processing and we are assessing your objection request. See section ‘Object’ below You can request that we stop this processing temporarily or permanently. You can exercise your right to restriction by contacting us . Object Object to us processing your personal data. You can do this if: Spotify is processing your personal data on the legal basis of legitimate interests, orSpotify is processing your personal data for tailored advertising To exercise your right to object, you can: use controls on the Spotify Service to switch off or adjust some features which process your personal data. See the end of this section on how you can control tailored advertising Data portability Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service. You can request us to transmit your data when we are processing your personal data on the legal bases of consent or performance of contract. However Spotify will try to honour any request to the extent possible. For information about how to exercise the right to portability, see ‘Access’ above. Not be subject to automated decision making Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. Spotify does not carry out this type of automated decision making in the Spotify Service. Withdrawal of consent Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data. You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data on the legal basis of consent. To withdraw your consent, you can: adjust the relevant control on Spotify Right to lodge a complaint Contact the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection or your local data protection authority about any questions or concerns. You can find the Swedish Authority’s details here . You can also go to the website of your local data protection authority. Tailored advertising controls What is tailored advertising? This is when we use information about you to tailor ads to be more relevant to you. This is also known as interest based advertising.An example of tailored advertising is when an advertising partner has information suggesting you like cars. This could enable us to show you ads about cars. How to control tailored advertising: You can control tailored advertising in your account Privacy Settings under 'Tailored Ads'.You can also control tailored advertising for some podcasts using the link in the episode's show description. This applies where the content provider inserts advertising into the podcast to fund it. The hosting provider, which might not be Spotify, manages these controls for the podcast. If you are 'opted out' of Tailored Ads in your Privacy Settings , you may still get advertising. This can include on our free Service Option, as well as our paid Service Option, as applicable (for example, advertising in podcasts). This type of advertising is based on your registration information and what you are currently listening to on our services. For example, if you are listening to a cooking podcast, you may hear an ad for a food processor. 3. Personal data we collect about you These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you.You can also watch our video about Personal Data at Spotify . Category Description User Data Personal data that we need to create your Spotify account and that enables you to use the Spotify Service. The type of data collected and used depends on the type of Service Option you have. It also depends on how you create your account, the country you are in, and if you use third party services to sign in. This may include your: profile nameemail addresspasswordphone numberdate of birthgenderstreet address (see further details below)countryuniversity/college (for Spotify Premium Student) We receive some of this data from you e.g. from the sign up form or account page. We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country or region. For more information about how we collect and use this data, see ‘Your general (non-precise) location’ in the Usage Data category. Street Address Data We may ask for and process your street address for the following reasons: to check eligibility for a Service Optionto deliver notices which are required by lawto deliver support optionsfor billing and tax administrationto deliver physical goods or gifts which you have requested In some cases, we may use a third party application to help you verify your address, such as Google Maps. Categories Description Usage Data Personal data collected and processed about you when you’re accessing or using the Spotify Service. There are a few types of information this includes, listed in the following sections. Information about how you use Spotify Examples include: information about your Spotify Service Optionyour actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as: search queriesstreaming historyplaylists you createyour librarybrowsing historyaccount settingsinteractions with other Spotify usersyour use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Serviceinferences (i.e., our understanding) of your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakescontent you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content Your technical data Examples include: URL informationonline identifiers such as cookie data and IP addressesinformation about the devices you use such as: device IDsnetwork connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)providernetwork and device performancebrowser typelanguageinformation enabling digital rights managementoperating systemSpotify application versioninformation which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are: devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Servicedevices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installationSpotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device Your general (non-precise) location Your general location includes country, region or state. We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency. We need this to: meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Servicedeliver content and advertising that’s relevant to you Your device sensor data Motion-generated or orientation-generated device sensor data if needed to provide features of the Spotify Service that require this data. This is data which your device collects about the way you move or hold your device. Categories Description Voice Data If voice features are available in your market and where you’ve chosen to use a voice feature, we collect and process voice data. Voice data means audio recordings of your voice and transcripts of those recordings. For more information on how different voice features work, and how you can control and turn them off, see our Voice Control Policy . Payment and Purchase Data If you make any purchases from Spotify or sign up for a paid Service Option or a trial, we will need to process your payment data. The exact personal data collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. It will include information such as: namedate of birthpayment method type (e.g. credit or debit card)if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number Note: For security, we never store your full card numberZIP/postal codemobile phone numberdetails of your purchase and payment history Survey and Research Data When you respond to a survey or take part in user research, we collect and use the personal data you provide.We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. The below table describes the categories of those third parties. Categories of third parties Description Data categories Authentication partners If you register for or log into the Spotify Service using another service, that service will send your information to us. This information helps create your account with us. User Data Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account If you connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we may collect and use information from them. This collection is to make the integration possible. These third party apps, services or devices may include: social mediadevices including: audio (e.g. speakers and headphones)smart watchestelevisionsmobile phones and tabletsautomotive (e.g. cars)games consolesservices or platforms such as voice assistants or content platforms We’ll ask your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties. User Data Usage Data Technical service partners We work with technical service partners that give us certain data. This includes mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., country or region, city, state). This makes it possible for Spotify to provide the Spotify Service, content, and features. We also work with security service providers who help us protect user accounts. User Data Usage Data Payment partners and Merchants If you choose to pay through third parties (e.g. telco carriers) or by invoice, we may get data from our payment partners. This allows us to: send you invoicesprocess your paymentgive you what you’ve purchased If we direct you to a merchant, we receive data from the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to an artist’s merchandise store on a third party platform or to a third party ticketing website. Receiving this data allows us to: calculate any commissions owed to usanalyse the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partnersunderstand your interests Payment and Purchase Data Advertising and marketing partners We receive inferences from certain advertising or marketing partners. These inferences are the partners’ understanding of your interests and preferences. This allows us to deliver more relevant ads and marketing. Usage Data Acquired companies We may receive data about you from companies we acquire. This is to enhance our services, products, and offerings. User Data Usage Data If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data. 4. Our purpose for using your personal data The table below sets out: our purpose for processing your personal dataour legal justifications (each called a ' legal basis ') under data protection law, for each purposecategories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in Section 3 'Personal data we collect about you' You can also watch our video about Personal Data at Spotify . Here is a general explanation of each 'legal basis' to help you understand the table: Performance of a Contract: When it's necessary for Spotify (or a third party) to process your personal data to: comply with obligations under a contract with you. This includes Spotify's obligations under the Terms of Use to provide the Spotify Service to you, orverify information before a new contract with you begins. Legitimate Interest: When Spotify or a third party has an interest in using your personal data in a certain way, which is necessary and justified considering any possible risks to you and other Spotify users. For example, using your Usage Data to improve the Spotify Service for all users. Contact us if you want to understand a specific justification. Consent: When Spotify asks you to actively indicate your agreement to Spotify's use of your personal data for a certain purpose. Compliance with Legal Obligations: When Spotify must process your personal data to comply with a law.To provide the Spotify Service in accordance with our contract with you. For example, when we use your personal data to: set up an account for youpersonalise your account, orprovide the Spotify app when you download it onto your device Performance of a Contract User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase Data To provide further parts of the Spotify Service. For example, when we use your personal data to enable you to share a link to Spotify content with someone else. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include: keeping the Spotify Service running and functionalallowing users to access and use the Spotify ServiceUser DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase Data To provide certain additional voluntary features of the Spotify Service. When this is the case, we will clearly ask for your consent. Consent User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research DataPayment and Purchase Data To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Service. Performance of a Contract User DataUsage Data To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Spotify Service. For example: we use personal data to develop and improve our personalised recommendation algorithmswe analyse how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changes Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include developing and improving products and features for our users. User DataUsage DataVoice DataSurvey and Research Data For marketing or advertising where the law requires us to collect your consent. For example, when we use cookies to understand your interests or the law requires consent for email marketing. Consent User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research Data For other marketing, promotion and advertising purposes where the law does not require consent. For example, when we use your personal data to tailor advertising to your interests. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include using advertising to fund the Spotify Service, so that we can offer much of it for free. User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research Data To comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to. This might be: an obligation under the law of the country / region you are inSwedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), orEU law that applies to us For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes. Compliance with legal obligations User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To comply with a request from law enforcement, courts, or other competent authorities. Compliance with legal obligations, and legitimate interest Our legitimate interests here include assisting law enforcement authorities to prevent or detect serious crime. User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To fulfil contractual obligations with third parties. For example, when we provide pseudonymised data about our users’ listening because we have an agreement with a Spotify rightsholder to do so. Pseudonymised data means that your data is identified by a code rather than your name or other directly identifying information. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include: maintaining our relationships with artists so that we can provide the Spotify Servicemaintaining our relationships with other third parties for the same reasonUser DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase Data To take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include protecting intellectual property and original content. User DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase Data To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. For example, if we are involved in litigation and we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include: seeking legal adviceprotecting ourselves, our users or others in legal proceedingsUser DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting. For example, when we look at aggregated user data like the number of new sign ups in a country in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include researching and planning so that we can keep running our business successfully. User DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To process your payment. For example, when we use your personal data to let you purchase a Spotify subscription.Performance of a Contract, and consent User DataPayment and Purchase DataStreet Address Data To keep the Spotify Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud. For example, when we analyse Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include protecting the Spotify Service and our users against fraud and other illegal activity. User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To conduct research and surveys. For example, when we contact our users to ask for your feedback. Legitimate Interest Our legitimate interests here include to understand more about how users think about and use the Spotify Service. User DataUsage DataVoice DataSurvey and Research Data 5. Sharing your personal data This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service. Publicly available information The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Spotify Service (except to any user you have blocked): your profile nameyour profile photoyour public playlistsother content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and imageswho you follow on the Spotify Servicewho follows you on the Spotify Service You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes: your profileany content you post on Spotify and details about that contentyour public playlists When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features. Personal data you may choose to share We will only share the following personal data with those outlined in the table below: where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to share personal data to enable this, orif you otherwise grant us your permission to share the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account User DataUsage Data To connect your Spotify account, or so that you can use the Spotify Service in connection with third party applications, services or devices. Examples of such third party applications, services and devices include: social media applicationsspeaker devicestelevisionsautomotive platformsvoice assistants You can see and remove many third party connections under ‘ Apps ’ in your account. Support community User Data To enable you to use the Spotify Support Community service . When you register for an account on the Spotify Support Community, we’ll ask you to create a profile name. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who uses the Spotify Support Community. We’ll also display any questions or comments you post. Other Spotify users User DataUsage DataVoice Data To share information about your use of the Spotify Service with other Spotify users. These could include your followers on Spotify. For example, under ‘Social’ settings you can choose to share your recently played artists and your playlists on your profile. You can also choose to create or join a shared playlist with other users. Shared playlists give you social recommendations based on your listening activity. Artists and record labels User Data To receive news or promotional offers from artists, record labels or other partners. You may choose to share your User Data for this purpose. You’ll always have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time . Information we may share See this table for details of who we share to and why. Service providers User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data So they can provide their services to Spotify. These service providers include those we hire to: give customer supportoperate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Spotify Serviceassist in protecting and securing our systems and services (e.g. Google’s reCAPTCHA)help market Spotify’s (and our partners’) products, services, events and promotions Payment partners User DataPayment and Purchase Data So they can process your payments, and for anti-fraud purposes. Advertising partners User DataUsage Data So they can help us deliver more relevant advertising to you on the Spotify Service, and help measure the effectiveness of ads. For example, our ad partners help us facilitate tailored advertising. Marketing Partners User DataUsage Data To promote Spotify with our partners.We share certain User Data and Usage Data with these partners where necessary to: enable you to participate in Spotify promotions, including trials or other bundled offersto promote Spotify in media and advertising published on other online serviceshelp us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Spotify promotions Examples of partners include: marketing or sponsorship partnerswebsites and mobile apps who sell us advertising space on their servicesdevice, app and mobile partners who also offer Spotify promotions Our partners may also combine the personal data we share with them with other data they collect about you, e.g. your use of their services. We and our partners may use this information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing that we think you’ll find relevant. Hosting Platforms Usage Data Hosting platforms host podcasts so that they can deliver them to you. We share certain data, such as your IP address, with the hosting platforms when you play a podcast. We also allow you to stream podcasts available from other hosting platforms not owned by Spotify.Podcast providers should explain in the show or episode description which platform is hosting the podcast. See the hosting platform’s own privacy policy for how they use data shared with them. Academic researchers User DataUsage Data For activities such as statistical analysis and academic study, but only in a pseudonymised format. Other Spotify group companies, including companies that Spotify acquires User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain, improve and provide the Spotify Service and acquired companies’ services to you. For example: enabling our employees who work for different group companies to develop and improve features for the Spotify Servicesharing data with our measurement companies to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns that run on the Spotify Servicesharing data with our podcast companies to better understand user listening trends Law enforcement and other authorities, or other parties to litigation User DataUsage Data When we believe in good faith it’s necessary for us to do so, for example: to comply with a legal obligationto respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena)for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to: national securitylaw enforcementlitigation (a court case)criminal investigationprotecting someone’s safetypreventing death or imminent bodily harm Purchasers of our business User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataVoice DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer. In this case, we may transfer your personal data to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction. 6. Data retention We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotify's legitimate and essential business purposes, such as: maintaining the performance of the Spotify Servicemaking data-driven business decisions about new features and offeringscomplying with our legal obligationsresolving disputes Here are some of the categories of our retention periods: Data retained until you remove it It's your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on 'Erasure' in Section 2 'Your personal data rights and controls' for more information. Data that expires after a specific period of time We have set certain retention periods so that some data expires after a specific period of time. Data retained until your Spotify account is deleted We keep some data until your Spotify account is deleted. When your Spotify account is deleted, your data is deleted or anonymised. Data retained for extended time periods for limited purposes After your account is deleted, we keep some data for a longer time period but for very limited purposes. Criteria used to determine the retention periods include: What is the appropriate retention period to carry out our purpose? Our systems are designed to automatically 'age out' data based on a defined retention period. We choose the retention period based on its legitimate business purpose. Do we need to keep data to ensure the service that users expect? We keep personal data for an appropriate period to deliver a personalised service to our users over time. We typically keep streaming history for the life of an account, for example, to provide retrospective playlists that users enjoy and personalised recommendations that take listening habits into account. For example, Your Summer Rewind and the end-of-year Wrapped campaign. Are users able to update or delete the data themselves? Where users are able to see and update the personal data themselves, we keep the information for as long as the user chooses.Do we need to keep the data to uphold our rules and keep our service safe? We may keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time. This is: to help ensure user safetyto protect against harmful content on our platform to take action with reports of intellectual property infringement This also helps us investigate potential breaches of our User Guidelines and Platform Rules . Is Spotify subject to a legal or contractual obligation to keep or delete the data? Examples include mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation or data kept for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, we will remove unlawful content if the law requires us to do so. 7. Transfer to other countries Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify shares personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy. They may process your data in countries whose data protection laws are not considered to be as strong as EU laws or the laws which apply where you live. For example, they may not give you the same rights over your data. Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to: make sure the data transfer complies with applicable lawhelp to give your data the same level of protection as it has in the EU To ensure each data transfer complies with applicable EU legislation, we use the following legal mechanisms: Standard Contractual Clauses (' SCCs '). These clauses require the other party to protect your data and to provide you with EU-level rights and protections. For example, we use SCCs to transfer the personal data described in Section 3 'Personal data we collect about you' to our hosting provider which uses servers in the US. You can exercise your rights under the Standard Contractual Clauses by contacting us or the third party who processes your personal data. Adequacy Decisions . This means that we transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area which have adequate laws to protect personal data, as determined by the European Commission. For example, we transfer the personal data described in Section 3 'Personal data we collect about you' to vendors based in the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Republic of Korea and Switzerland. We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use: technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisationpolicies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests 8. Keeping your personal data safe We're committed to protecting our users' personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure. We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies. To protect your user account, we encourage you to: use a strong password which you only use for your Spotify accountnever share your password with anyonelimit access to your computer and browserlog out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared deviceread more detail on protecting your account You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the 'Sign out everywhere' function on your account page . If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed someone to use your account on a shared device. It's your responsibility to only allow individuals to use your account where you're comfortable sharing this personal data with them. Anyone else's use of your Spotify account may impact your personalised recommendations and be included in your data download. 9. Children Note: This Policy doesn't apply to Spotify Kids unless the Spotify Kids Privacy Policy says so. Spotify Kids is a separate Spotify application. The Spotify Service has a minimum 'Age Limit' in each country or region. The Spotify Service is not directed to children whose age: is under the age of 13 yearsmakes it illegal to process their personal data, orrequires parental consent to process their personal data We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit. If you're under the Age Limit, do not use the Spotify Service, and do not provide any personal data to us. Instead, we recommend using a Spotify Kids account. If you're a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Spotify, contact us .If we learn that we've collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we'll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Spotify account for that child. When using a shared device on the main Spotify Service, be cautious about playing or recommending any inappropriate content to individuals under 18 years old. 10. Changes to this Policy We may occasionally make changes to this Policy. When we make material changes to this Policy, we'll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email or device notification. 11. How to contact us For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways: email privacy@spotify.com write to us at: Spotify AB, Regeringsgatan 19, 111 53 Stockholm, Sweden Spotify AB is the data controller of personal data processed under this Policy. © Spotify AB Spotify Company Communities Useful links © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services. Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguagePrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: