Privacy Policy Activision uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please click here . Welcome to Activision's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 20, 2022. Every day, millions of people worldwide use and enjoy Activision websites, products and services. We appreciate your trust in our products and services. To provide you with great games and make them better, Activision Publishing, Inc. (“ Activision ”) will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, " Information ") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used. This Privacy Policy: explains how Activision collects, stores, uses and transfers or disclosesyourInformation;applies to all Activision websites, products and services (“ Properties ”). Activision, Activision Blizzard group companies, and our partners, such as marketing partners and analytics providers may use tracking technologies such as cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. For more information about Activision’s use of cookies, and how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to using your data for targeted advertising purposes, please see our Cookie Policy , which is also incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing Information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Properties. Activision reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy , so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. At such time, your continued use of the Properties after notice of posting or notice of such changes constitutes your acknowledgment of this latest version of this Policy and any future revisions. Please note your use of this Activision website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the Activision End User License Agreement available here and Terms of Use available here . Table of Contents Scope of Activision Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all Properties, including: Activision websites, online products and services;Activision console games; and Activision mobile games and applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, online properties, or systems to which our Properties may link or through which our Properties may be accessed, and you accept Activision is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites, properties, or systems. Sometimes, we may direct you to a site operated by a vendor or partner. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by our vendor or partner. This Privacy Policy does not cover Information provided when you apply for a job at Activision. Please refer here for more information. ESRB Privacy Certified Program Activision is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program (“ ESRB Privacy Certified ”). To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. ESRB Privacy Certified has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Activision Properties where this Privacy Policy is posted and a Privacy Certified seal is displayed. As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified. Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about: Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;What choices you have regarding the use of your personal information;How you can access and change the personal information a company collects and maintains;Whether and how information is collected from children under 13; How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity;Where and how to ask questions or file complaints.DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, Activision makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S. If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact the ESRB Privacy Certified at: http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact ; or privacy@esrb.org . Information We Collect and How We Use It Activision collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in greater detail, as well as in Section 10 for US residents, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust, and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our games, your scores, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes. In addition, we use your Information to operate our business, including analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, and for recruitment purposes in the US. Information Provided by You As set out in more detail in the following, Activision may collect Information from you when you: (A) create an Activision account with a Property; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use Activision customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) receive mobile advertising; (G) buy Activision services or products online; or (H) allow sharing through Social Media. A. Creation of an Activision Account Activision will collect certain Information from you when you register with a Property. Personal information collected during registration includes your first and last name, email address, username, and in specific cases, phone number. This personal information is combined with other Information such as your date of birth, country and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services and marketing preferences. Additionally, we collect and combine Information when you link a third party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision account, such as the username or User ID associated with your third party account, and the use of certain Properties may require you to link a third party account to your Activision account. B. Use of Our Properties When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, advertising ID, third party account information (e.g., the username associated with your XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam or Battle.net account), gameplay data, communications, usage data, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively called “ Cookies ”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies and advertising IDs to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details. Activision collects, processes, and combines data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, gameplay, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information. Activision also publicly displays certain Information about you, including third party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties, or the properties operated by our third party partners and licensees. For example, your PlayStation username will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain Activision game, whether or not you have an Activision account. If you have synced a third party account with your Activision account, we, or our third party partners or licensees, may make your username available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature. You may unlink the third party account or prevent it from being searched or your information from being shared with third party partners or licensees at any time through your Activision profile settings. To provide fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud, anti-cheat, and anti-toxicity technologies to prevent any cheating and bad behavior in our games. In addition to the Information described above, Activision may monitor and/or record your game play and communications (including without limitation chat text or voice communications) and activities on your device including information about the programs running alongside the game, as specified in the applicable Terms of Use or End User License Agreement. C.Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions When Activision runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, age and/or date of birth, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information will be combined with other account information and will be used and shared under this Privacy Policy. D. Interact with Customer Service To be able to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, Activision collects Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution. E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing, and/or Surveys Activision offers you the ability to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email, in-app notifications, or SMS in eligible countries, about our products and services, or products or services that may be of interest to you. We also, may occasionally send you surveys to improve player experience with our games. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you, by opting out of in-app notifications, or by following the instructions in the SMS we send to you. If you are a US resident, you are subject to the SMS Terms of Use . F. Mobile Advertising Our mobile games include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our mobile games, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in our Cookie Policy , you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting, sharing and using information about you to show you relevant third party ads that might interest you in our mobile games, and to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems. When you play our mobile games, we collect and share Information, including advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device. Our advertising partners may combine this Information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads in our mobile games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information, accessible in our Cookie Policy . You can review your options to manage and opt-out of mobile advertising by (1) visiting your mobile device developer's website or reviewing your device manual. Most mobile device developers will tell you how you can manage the settings on your mobile device to opt out of and/or delete Cookies from your mobile device, or to limit the use of your advertising ID, reset your advertising ID, and/or opt out of targeted advertising; or (2) by visiting https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 and/or http://youronlinechoices.com , or if you are in the EU http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , for choices to opt out of advertising. You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available). Please note: adjusting your preferences as described in this section does not mean you will no longer receive advertisements,; it only means the ads you do see will be less relevant to your interests. We will also still use your device’s advertising ID to serve you with ads that may be less relevant to you; for example, we may use this for frequency capping (in other words, to control the maximum number of times you see the same ad from us). G. Buy Activision Products or Services Online Activision does not collect credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services (such as digital content) online. However, you may have to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our third-party vendors to complete a purchase. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. At the time of purchase, in specific cases, you also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to Activision to send you additional information or offers. H. Social Media You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) (" Social Media ").When you interact with Activision and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we access your Information, such as name, username or profile picture, solely under your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, and (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you under applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. Information Provided by Other Sources We may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, IP address, purchase histories, marketing preferences, cookie information, hardware and software information and other technical information about you from other sources, such as Activision Blizzard group companies, Social Media, our vendors (for example, event ticket providers and, merchandise vendors, and data aggregators), or partners (for example, advertisers, media partners or platform providers (e.g., Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo and Steam)), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us. We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information. Children and Parents Activision does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may contact us via the Contacting Us section below. We recognize a special need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. Activision also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child when online. Please see the ESRB’s Parental Controls page, available here , for further details. Parents should contact Activision immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details. Your Choices You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by Activision. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third party accounts. Your Choices About Information Provided by You If you do not want to provide Activision with personal information, then you can choose not to provide it. If you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the Activision product or service you want. For example, without providing an email address, you cannot create an Activision account. Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details. Your Choices About Activision Using Your Information You can exercise choices over how Activision uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time: to remove yourself from individual contests or promotions, unlink a third party account or prevent it from being searched or information being shared with third party partners or licensees, or opt out of receiving marketing or newsletters from Activision, simply access your account from https://www.activision.com/ and edit your preferences. You will need your password to access your account.You can also opt out of marketing communications by following the directions in the communications you receive. To unsubscribe from communications from Activision Blizzard group companies, please unsubscribe using information in their emails or privacy policies to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third party properties, please see our Cookie Policy . If you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, please note we may still contact you occasionally about the status of your account, such as to inform you that your account may be expiring, or for other service related information. If you are a user in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”) or the UK and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Users in the EEA section below. If you reside in the United States and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Your US Privacy Rights section below. If you are a resident of California or Nevada and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Your Additional Privacy Information for California Privacy Rights Residents section or Privacy Information for Nevada Residents section below. Sharing Information As set out with greater detail below, and in more detail, Section 10 for US residents, Activision shares Information: with the various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here including for the group companies’ own marketing purposes;with vendors, third party partners and licensees engaged by Activision to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us, or create applications and websites that benefit our player community; if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process; if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; andin connection with the sale of our business or assets. Any information, including personal information you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable. 1. Activision Blizzard Group Companies We disclose your information with the various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , including for the group companies’ own marketing purposes. Activision is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your Information by the group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. 2. Vendors, Partners and Licensees Vendors and partners provide goods and services (for example, platform providers, media partners, event ticket providers, merchandise vendors, tournament providers, survey providers, billing, consumer services support, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to Activision to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or occasionally improve the services they provide. We do not share Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent. We also share some of our players’ Information (for example, gameplay information) with our third party partners and licensees who create applications and websites that benefit our player community (for example, tournaments, leaderboards and gameplay statistic tools). 3. Law We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. 4. Legal Rights We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your gameplay, communications, and other account information to investigate allegations of cheating, hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials. 5.Protecting Others We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. For example, we disclose Information relating to an online account if we in good faith believe the user of that account is using it in ways that are harmful to others (e.g. making inappropriate contact with minors). 6. Sale of Our Business or Assets Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Activision's customer information including Information and communications may be transferred to our successor or assign. Security As set out in detail below, Activision takes a range of security measures designed to help protect your Information. However, complete online and offline security can never be guaranteed, so you should always take care when sharing your information online. Activision takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information like user generated content, leaderboard rankings, and scores, etc.). We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed. Information About Your Account and Retention Period As set out in more detail below, you can view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information in any of your Activision accounts at any time. If for any reason you wish to view, correct, or update personal information collected about you, or if you want to deactivate your Activision account, simply access your Activision account through https://www.activision.com/ or another product or service as applicable and edit your personal information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to deactivate your account at privacy@activision.com . If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section below. Retention Period We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, deactivate your Activision account, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. Contacting Us To contact us, you can send us an email at privacy@activision.com , or write to us at: Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, or call Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, ph. +1 310 255 2000. For visitors from the EEA and the UK, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer by email at DPO@activision.com . You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified if you have a question or complaint that has not been resolved to your satisfaction. Please see the ESRB Privacy Certified Program section at the top of this Privacy Policy for further details. Users in the US In addition to the information provided throughout this privacy policy, state privacy laws in the United States require that we disclose to consumers in those states additional information about the processing of their personal information. Below we describe the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information and for each purpose, the categories of personal information we use and disclose and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal information.Service functionality : We use certain personal information to provide you with our Properties, products, and services, including to take steps to create an account, enter a contract for sale or for services, facilitate purchases or process payments, fulfill orders, send service communications, provide customer service functions, and conduct general business operations, such as accounting, recordkeeping, and audits, analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, and recruiting. Service improvement : To improve and grow our Properties, including to verify and maintain the quality of our services, develop new products and services, and understand how our Properties are being used, our customer base and purchasing trends, and the effectiveness of our marketing. Personalization : To offer you recommendations and tailor the Properties to your preferences. The personal information we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your gender, date of birth, and countryPayment information, collected by our third-party payment processors to complete a purchaseInformation that you provide when you register with a Property, including when you link to a third-party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision account Audiovisual informationInformation contained in your communications to us, including when you contact customer serviceAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties)Customer service information, such as any issues you raise and their resolution Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a Property Browser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase histories We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesService providers, including tournament providers, billing firms, customer service support, consultancies, information technology providers, cybersecurity providers, payment processors, accounting, and auditing firmsPartners and licensees who provide you with goods or services you have requested, or create applications and websites that benefit our player community Activision also publicly displays certain personal information about you, including third-party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties, or the properties operated by our third-party partners and licensees. For example, your PlayStation username will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain Activision game, whether or not you have an Activision account. If you have synced a third-party account with your Activision account, we, or our third-party partners or licensees, may make your username available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions: When Activision runs contests, sweepstakes, or promotions on our Properties we collect certain personal information from participants to enter them into the event and to deliver any prizes won and we combine that personal information with other personal information we have collected about you and use such combined information for the other purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, such as to create your account or engage in marketing. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, address, postal code, age and/or date of birth, email address, telephone number, and other information you submitInformation you provide in order to claim any prizes you win We disclose this personal information to :Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposes Service providers, vendors, or business partners, such as entities conducting surveys or promotions on our behalf. In some circumstances, such as disclosures to business partners for their own marketing purposes, we make these disclosures only with your consent. Advertising and marketing : To send you marketing communications and newsletters, personalize the advertisements you see on our Properties and third-party online properties, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.We may send the marketing and newsletters by email, in-app notifications, or SMS in eligible countries. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your gender, date of birth, and countryInformation that you provide when you register with a Property, including when you link to a third-party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision accountAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties) Information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and servicesMarketing preferences Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase historiesMobile advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesOnline advertising partners, including partners who use Cookies to personalize, retarget, and measure the effectiveness of advertising, including on our mobile gamesThese partners may combine this personal information with information that they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites and services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. Social media platformsIf you interact with the Properties on social media platforms (or social media plug-ins and applications) ( “Social Media” ), you acknowledge that we access your personal information, such as name, username, or profile picture, solely under your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, and (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you under applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. When you post Information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the Information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your Information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. Business partners, when you give us your consent to disclose your personal information to them.Security and Fair Gaming : To protect and secure our Properties, assets, network, and business operations; and to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal; or when necessary to protect our property or rights or the safety of our employees, customers or other individuals. To provide a fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud, anti-cheat, and anti-toxicity technologies to prevent any cheating and bad behavior in our games. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberInformation that you provide when you register with a Property, including when you link to a third-party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision accountAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties) Personal information automatically collected, including by monitoring and recording on your device: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunications (including without limitation chat, text, or voice communications)Usage dataMobile advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device Activities on your device, including information about the programs running alongside the game, as specified in the applicable Terms of Use or End User License Agreement We may disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for the purposes listed aboveService providers such as platform providers, cybersecurity providers, tournament providers, and information technology providersOther entities when we believe that this is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of any personRegulatory or law enforcement agencies Legal compliance : To comply with legal process, such as warrants, subpoenas, and court orders; to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests, such as when we have a good-faith belief that we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability; to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights; to protect the vital interests of any person; and to comply with applicable legal requirements. Such personal information includes: Any information requested through legal process or that we believe in good faith is necessary to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests for the purposes listed above. We may disclose this personal information to Regulatory or law enforcement agencies, including jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.Our legal advisors or consultants. Corporate change: We may disclose any personal information that we have collected about you in connection with the sale of our business or assets in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event. Activision is not responsible for the privacy practices of Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your personal information by the Activision Blizzard group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. a. Your US Privacy Rights Residents of some states have certain rights in relation to their personal information. We describe below the rights that may be available to you, depending on your state of residence. Right to Request Access to Your Personal Information You may have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, access to the personal information we have collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers to whom we sell, share, or disclose it. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Correction of Your Personal Information You may have the right to request that in certain circumstances we correct personal information that we have collected about you. Some information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information You may also have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you.Some personal information may be exempt from such requests under law. For example, we need certain types of personal information so that we can provide our Properties to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Properties. Limit Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information California residents have the right to limit our use of their sensitive personal information if we use such personal information to infer characteristics about them. We do not currently use sensitive personal information for such purposes. In some states, we may be required to obtain your consent before collecting your sensitive personal information. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information; Targeted Advertising Under the laws of some states, consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information or the sharing of their personal information with third parties for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising). In applicable states, Activision automatically opts out any users who it knows to be between the ages of 13 and 15 from receiving targeted advertising. We share certain information with third parties who do work on our behalf for the business purposes we describe above. We also may allow third-party advertising companies to collect Information about your activity on our websites and in our apps, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These advertising entities use Information they collect to help us provide more relevant advertisements and for other purposes described in our Privacy Policy. You can control the sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising through our websites and apps in the following ways: To set up cookie controls and opt-out of advertising cookies, including third-party advertising cookies, by clicking here . You can also set up cookie controls through many browser settings and you can use industry-wide opt outs to control the use of cookies for interest-based advertising purposes. You may also opt out through the settings page of Activision mobile applications that may share your data for these purposes. You can find additional information in the Mobile Advertising section above and in our Cookie Policy The personal information collected through these methods is associated with your browser or device, so if you would like to opt out for this information you will need to disable cookies or trackers as described above. Because your opt-out preference is stored in a cookie, if you reset your advertising ID or clear your cookies then we will not recognize your device or your choices, so you must opt out again. You may also disable non-advertising cookies through your browser or device settings. In applicable states, where required, Activision recognizes Do Not Track settings and the Global Privacy Control Personal Information Collected Through Activision Accounts: In addition to the opt-outs related to advertising above, we support the applicable state laws by allowing residents to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information for targeted advertising by clicking here . Logging in with an account helps us to process your request. You can also submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing by emailing us at privacyrequests@activision.com . How to Exercise Your Access, Correction, and Deletion Rights You may exercise any privacy rights to which you are entitled by submitting your request to us here or sending an email to privacyrequests@activision.com . To exercise your right to correction, please update your account information directly or send an email to privacyrequests@activision.com. For security purposes, we will verify your identity – and may request information from you to do so – when you request to exercise your privacy rights. If you have an online account you use to interact with Activision, logging into your account will serve to verify your identity and request. We may request additional information if we believe your account has been compromised. If you do not have an account with us,or if we have reason to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, then we may request additional information from you to match with our existing records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information sought. Some states permit you to designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights as described above. We will take steps to both verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney. Once we have verified your identity (and your authorized agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.If we are unable to complete your requests, we will provide you information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request, as required by applicable law. Profiling We do not engage in “profiling” in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Right to Nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, unless allowed under applicable law. Appeals Some state laws allow residents who are not satisfied with our response to their requests to appeal our decision by contacting us as described in the written notice we will provide to you. b. Additional Privacy Information for California Residents Notice of Privacy Practices for California Residents Depending on how you interact with us, Activision may collect about you the following categories of personal information. For information about the purposes for which we use and disclose information, and additional potential disclosures of personal information, please see Users in the US section above. Identifiers, collected from you, our social media pages, or third-party subscription service providers, may be disclosed to our service providers and may be sold to or shared with business partners.Financial information, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share financial information.Protected classifications and other sensitive data, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share protected classifications and other sensitive data. Commercial information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share commercial information.Geolocation information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share coarse location information to our advertising partners; we do not sell or share precise geolocation information.Internet or electronic network activity information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers, and may be sold to our advertising partners. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information.Inferences drawn about you, collected from you and our advertising and analytics partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share such information with our advertising partners.Content of communications, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share content of communications. Information of contacts that you supply to us may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information. We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation. California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information, as explained here . The reporting information required by the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations § 999.317 is available here . We may need to collect your personal information in order to offer you the benefits and rewards you request. For example, we may need your email address in order to verify your account to deliver an in-game item. If we do offer you the chance to participate in such a program, your participation is optional. If you choose to participate, your participation will be subject to the applicable terms or conditions, and you may withdraw at any time. Your information has no real currency value or its equivalent. California Shine the Light Law Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please send us an email to privacy@activision.com , or write us at: Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy.California Privacy Rights for Minor Users Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or remove Information provided by you or publicly posted by you, by accessing your Activision account through https://www.activision.com/ or another product or service as applicable and editing/removing your Information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to remove certain posted content at privacy@activision.com . In the alternative, you may write to us at Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. We will be happy to review, update or remove Information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of Information and/or content that have been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. c. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at individualrights@activision.com . Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Users in the EEA and the UK As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the EEA and the UK. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below. Performance of the Services We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to: administer your Activision Account;provide contests or promotions in which you have enrolled;support purchases you make;support game functionality;provide global customer service; orprovide a fair gaming experience by using anti-fraud technologies such as bans or blocks of accounts. Consent We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing: newsletters, direct e-mails and surveys about our Properties or products or services that may be of interest to you;targeted ads in our mobile games; andcertain other marketing features. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing: to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;to debug and improve our current and future Properties;in order to give you exclusive content, personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences;to allow third party partners and licensees to create applications and websites that benefit our player community (for example, tournaments, leaderboards and gameplay statistic tools); andfor the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity. Legal Obligation We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. Your Rights to Your Personal Information You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in detail in the Accessing Information section above. To access or delete your personal information, you can also make a request here .You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above. In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. You can send your request to us here . Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above to update your marketing preferences. For each of the rights described above, you can also send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred. International Transfers Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. EU and UK Representatives For visitors from the EEA, Activision has designated Activision Blizzard Ireland Ltd its Representative in the Union and for visitors from the UK, Activision has designated Activision Blizzard UK Ltd its Representative in the UK. You may contact the EU or UK Representative using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. Disclosure to Users Outside the US, the EEA and the UK In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S., the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. No matter where the Information is located, Activision takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services. Disclosure to Users in Japan Business operator handling personal information: Activision Publishing, Inc. (Address: 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, please see our website for the name of the representative). With respect to the Information We Collect and How We Use It section above, for clarity, Activision may analyze your personal information about your activities and transactions, etc. and use such information for marketing, advertising, or profiling purposes. With respect to the Sharing Information section above, for clarity, Activision may share your personal information as follows: (i) Personal information to be shared Personal information described in the Information We Collect and How We Use It section above. (ii) Scope of those with whom your personal information is shared (“Joint Users”) Domestic and overseas affiliates directly or indirectly controlled by Activision Publishing, Inc. (iii) Purposes of use by Joint Users Purposes of use described in the Information We Collect and How We Use It section and Sharing Information section above. (iv) Name and address, and name of representative of the entity who is responsible for management of personal information to be shared Activision Publishing, Inc. (Address: 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, please see our website for the name of the representative).Activision implements certain measures necessary and appropriate for the prevention of the leakage, loss or damage of personal information and the security management of personal information. If you have any questions about the measures for security management implemented by us, please feel free to e-mail us at dpo@activision.com or send a letter addressed to Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. Back to Top Follow Us Popular Games Company Legal United States Selected region: United States Copyright 2023 Activision Publishing, Inc. The Software License and Service Agreement will be updated. Please follow this link [ https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula ] in order to see these changes. Select your identity Activision System Alerts Please check your inbox and verify your email address. Resend Confirmation No New Alerts Your profile is% complete Go to your profile to: - Link your Facebook account- Link your gamer account- Verify your email address - Complete your profile Sites More... United States selected Canadian English selected Canadian Français selected United Kingdom selected Australia selected France selected Deutschland selected Italy selected Spain selected Your Privacy Manage Consent Preferences Necessary Cookies These Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, we cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas. Performance (or Analytics) Cookies Performance (or Analytics) Cookies These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with third parties (such as Google Analytics) to provide these services on our behalf. Functionality Cookies Functionality Cookies These Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g., text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These Cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations or advertisers. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies Social Media cookies are set by a range of social media services we have added to our sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests that may affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these content sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label