Oracle Close Search Ask "Analyst Reports" View Accounts Back Oracle Account Cloud Account Sign in to Contact Sales No results found Your search did not match any results. We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for: Check the spelling of your keyword search.Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”Try one of the popular searches shown below.Start a new search. Trending Questions How are customers using Oracle Cloud apps and infrastructure?Analyst ReportsCollege recruitingWorking at OracleCan I take advantage of the cloud in my own data center?HCMOracle business transformationTry Oracle Cloud for freeHow can I create an agile supply chain?Blockchain applicationsOracle vs AWSFinancials Close Products Infrastructure Applications Industries Resources Support Events Oracle Cloud Events Cloud CX Join visionaries, experts, and customers as they share insights on the latest CX solutions in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud ERP Listen to industry experts and customers as they share ERP, EPM, and SCM best practices in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud HCM Experience HR technology solutions best practices and customer successes in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud Platform Explore modern technology solutions through best practices and customer examples in these 1–2 hour events. Learn about new products and some of the customers who are using them in these 60-minutes or less announcement events. Accelerate your application development and join technical sessions, hands-on labs, demos, panels, and live Q&A with experts. Hear candid conversations with customer executives who rely on Oracle Cloud to help transform their business. Not finding what you’re looking for? Search for all Oracle events. Developer Find tools, documentation, downloads, reference architectures and sample code to develop on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. Try Oracle Free Tier Oracle Cloud Free Tier lets anyone build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free. Partners Learn how our partners' differentiated services, combined with Oracle’s technology stack, are critical to our customers’ ongoing success. Discover, test, buy, and deploy partner business applications built on, and integrated with, Oracle Cloud. Search our digital catalog of partners who are ready to assist customers in realizing greater value through expertise-based services. See why startups and established ISVs trust Oracle Cloud to meet their customers’ demands. Understand the opportunities to extend and expand your service offerings with Oracle Cloud. Learn about Oracle’s global program that helps technology and services partners innovate, collaborate, and grow based on their business needs. Interested in partnering? Take our OPN Journey Builder Help us get to know your business better so we can guide you on your path to success with Oracle. Let’s get started Privacy Policies Oracle Legal Legal Notices Privacy Policies More Dyn Privacy @ Oracle Privacy Choices Preference, Opt-Out and EU/EEA Subject Access Mechanisms Please review the Oracle privacy policies for information specific to your relationship with Oracle. Below, Oracle summarizes the opt-out mechanisms found in our privacy policies. If you have a question or concern with regard to any of these mechanisms, please fill out our inquiry form . Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in the EU/EEA and other jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. View instructions on how to exercise these rights. Email and Profile Information To customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic communications from Oracle or selected Oracle partners, including opting into (or out of) Oracle communities, newsletters and general interest areas through your Oracle profile, login at https://profile.oracle.com/ and follow the prompts to “update my profile.” You may opt out of Oracle’s email marketing by modifying your online profile as described above or by using our general unsubscribe automated link that is included in Oracle marketing emails. You can also find details on how to automatically unsubscribe from email communications, as well as how to submit requests to opt-out from phone and postal marketing, on our Oracle.com Account Help page. Cookie Preferences on Oracle Websites Oracle enables you to opt out of cookies that are not required to enable core site functionality.Oracle uses its cookie preferences tool to process Internet advertising and tracking preferences. Once you have set your cookie preferences, Oracle will follow the specific choices you made on the cookie preferences tool. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie preferences again. You may access or change your cookie preference for Oracle websites through the “Cookie Preferences” link provided in the Oracle website footers. Interest-Based Advertising Enabled by Oracle Advertising The Oracle Advertising (Oracle Data Cloud) facilitates the collection and use of data by our customers in connection with interest-based advertising. For information on Oracle Advertising’s opt-out mechanisms and information on how to access the data collected and processed by Oracle Advertising, please visit the Oracle Advertising opt-out and access site, available at: https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com . For additional opt-out mechanisms and information View more information about these Oracle Advertising services, the types of data collected and how this data is used, please visit the Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy . Learn More Privacy Inquiries Resources for Why Oracle Learn News and Events Contact Us Country/RegionSelect a Language Menu AddThis Terms of Service Thanks for choosing to use the AddThis Services. The AddThis Services are provided by Oracle America, Inc. (" Oracle ") located at 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065. By using the AddThis Services, you are agreeing to the following Terms of Service (these " Terms "). These Terms confirm and clarify respective rights and obligations between Oracle and you in connection with your access to and use of the AddThis Services. You and Oracle agree as follows: ORACLE IS WILLING TO AUTHORIZE YOUR ACCESS TO THE ADDTHIS SERVICES ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT THAT THESE TERMS GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE ADDTHIS SERVICES. BY SELECTING THE "ACCEPT LICENSE AGREEMENT" BUTTON OR BOX (OR THE EQUIVALENT) OR INSTALLING OR USING THE ADDTHIS SERVICES, YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR COMPANY OR ORGANIZATION (IF BEING ACQUIRED FOR USE BY AN ENTITY) OR AS AN INDIVIDUAL, AND AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS THAT APPLY TO YOUR ACCESS AND USE. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, DO NOT SELECT THE "ACCEPT LICENSE AGREEMENT" BUTTON OR BOX (OR THE EQUIVALENT) AND DO NOT DOWNLOAD, ACCESS, OR USE THE ADDTHIS SERVICES. These Terms apply to you if you are: (i) a " Publisher " (the owner or operator of a Publisher Site that uses the AddThis Services); or (ii) an " End User " accessing and using the AddThis Services. References to " you " and " your " refer to any Publisher or End User, as applicable. If you are a Publisher, all the Terms apply to you while using the AddThis Services except Section 1.2, which only applies to End Users. If you are an End User, the preamble, Sections 1.1.5(h), 1.2, 1.3, 2.1.2, 2.2, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7, and Article III apply to you while using the AddThis Services. Please read these sections carefully as they explain the rules, rights, and obligations for your use of the AddThis Services. If you are an End User or a Publisher accessing AddThis.com, then both the Oracle Websites Terms of Use and these Terms apply to you. I. USE OF THE ADDTHIS SERVICES 1.1 Terms Applicable to Publishers. If you are a Publisher using the AddThis Services, the following terms apply to you: 1.1.1 Licenses granted to Publisher by Oracle. Oracle grants you a limited, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use the AddThis Services with the understanding that this right and license is only granted to you and may not be sublicensed or transferred to any other party. As part of your authorized use of the AddThis Services, you may use the Downloadable Code to install and display the AddThis Tools on Publisher. You may modify the Downloadable Code but only as described in the Oracle support documents or otherwise as authorized in writing by Oracle. Oracle also grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right and license to display the AddThis Marks solely as they are incorporated into the AddThis Services and as described in Third Party Usage Guidelines for Oracle Trademarks, located at . No other rights to the AddThis Marks are granted by these Terms. To facilitate the use of the AddThis Tools, you may use Third-Party Marks if made available to you by Oracle. Your use of Third-Party Marks is subject to the licenses and guidelines of the third-party licensor. It is the Publisher’s sole responsibility to read and comply with the third-party licensor guidelines. All goodwill associated with Publisher’s use of a Third-Party Marks shall inure to the benefit of the third-party licensor. 1.1.2. Licenses granted to Oracle by Publisher. In exchange for your use of the AddThis Services, and by downloading the Enablement Code, you agree that: (i) Oracle and Oracle Partners may collect Publisher Data, except as specified in Section 1.1.5; (ii) you grant Oracle a worldwide, irrevocable, fee- free, sublicensable right to collect, process, and disclose the Publisher Data to Oracle Partners and Oracle customers consistent with Oracle’s applicable privacy policy (" Privacy Policy ", available at https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html (or such other location designated by Oracle), which may change at any time), and you grant Oracle Partners the same right; (iii) Oracle, Oracle Partners, and Oracle customers may use the Publisher Data for targeted advertising and the purposes described in Section 5 of the Privacy Policy , including but not limited to, incorporating Publisher Data (or its derivatives) into Oracle products and services without any obligation to compensate you; (iv) Oracle may use any feedback provided by you related to the AddThis Services for lawful business purposes without owing any fees to you; and (v) so long as Oracle notifies you first that it intends to use your marks and you agree, Oracle may use your marks for promotion of the AddThis Services subject to your trademark and usage guidelines (if any). 1.1.3. Your AddThis Account.All Publishers must register and create an account on AddThis.com in order to use the AddThis Services on Publisher Sites. As a Publisher, you agree to provide Oracle accurate information during registration and to update that information as necessary. To protect your AddThis account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for all activity related to your AddThis account. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or AddThis account, please immediately change your password and contact AddThis Support . AddThis.com may contain forums for Publishers and other registered users to interact with Oracle and each other. Publishers are solely responsible for any content they post and Oracle is not responsible for posts not made by Oracle nor does Oracle make any promises as to the quality or accuracy of any forum posts. Oracle may edit or remove any posting from any forum on AddThis.com at any time. 1.1.4. Fees. If you are a Publisher using a paid version of the AddThis Services, payment and additional terms will be included in a separate order between you and Oracle that references these Terms. 1.1.5. Data Privacy. Collection on Publisher Sites. When an End User visits your Publisher Site, Oracle and Oracle Partners may set a Cookie and track such End User’s use of your Publisher Site (e.g., the web search that landed the End User on a particular page or categories of the End User's interests), including allowing Oracle Partners to incorporate Cookies and pixels to enable the synchronization of internal unique identifiers between Oracle and our third party partners to facilitate online behavioral advertising. Use of Publisher Data. Oracle maintains a Privacy Policy which discloses how it handles Publisher Data. Oracle uses Publisher Data to create data products and services such as targeted advertising services and for the other purposes described in the Privacy Policy . Oracle may authorize Partners and customers to do the same. Oracle, Oracle Partners, and customers may also use Publisher Data for other purposes such as detecting, preventing, and addressing potential and actual fraud (including ad fraud and to detect bots), malicious activity, cyber attacks, security or technical issues, and research and development. In addition, Oracle may use Publisher Data to synchronize de-identified or pseudonymous identifiers with those of third parties (including cross-device identifiers). Oracle will only collect Publisher Data necessary for the reasons described in this Section. Compliance with Rules including Data Controller Responsibilities. Publisher Data may include data elements, such as such unique IDs, IP addresses, or online behavior and interest data, some of which may be Personal Information under Rules. Oracle and Publisher are each data controllers with respect to the Publisher Data collected and used under these Terms.Oracle will comply with the Rules when providing the AddThis Services. Publisher will comply with the Rules when collecting and sharing Publisher Data with Oracle and other third parties.Oracle and Publisher must promptly take steps to remedy any non-compliance with these Terms or the Rules. Unless a failure to comply can be cured promptly, Oracle and Publisher will inform each other if either party (a) has reason to believe it cannot comply with these Terms, including the Rules, or its obligations as a data controller of Personal Information; or (b) becomes aware of any circumstances or changes in the Rules likely to prevent it from fulfilling its obligations under these Terms, including the Rules. End User (data subject) Requests. Oracle may provide any End User the ability to access, correct, modify, or delete any Publisher Data related to such End User. If an End User contacts you, you will grant the End User the right, and provide the means, for her to receive a copy of, change, delete or erase, restrict the use of, or obtain, an exportable copy of her Personal Information in accordance with the Rules. You may also limit or end Oracle’s right to use and share such Publisher Data by notifying Oracle with the specific Publisher Data that must be removed or changed. Publisher Notice and Consent . You agree to (a) provide End Users any notices required by the Rules, and (b) obtain End User consent (including opt-in consent), and all necessary End User permissions required for you to use the AddThis Services and to share Publisher Data with Oracle. Notices and consents must sufficiently inform End Users of the purposes for which Publisher Data is shared with Oracle as described in the Privacy Policy . YOU MUST NOTIFY AND CONSULT ORACLE (AT daas.marketing.subscriptionmgmt@oracle.com ) IF YOU RELY ON A LEGAL BASIS OTHER THAN END USER CONSENT BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OR SHARING PUBLISHER DATA WITH ORACLE. You agree to maintain an easily accessible privacy policy linked to conspicuously from your Publisher Site(s).Your privacy policy links will contain the word "Privacy", "Data Privacy" and "Cookie" (or their equivalents in the applicable jurisdiction) as may be required by the Rules and Your home page will provide any hyperlinks required under the Rules. You must also use notice and consent tools on Publisher Site(s) that comply with the Rules (such as banners or overlays), which inform End Users that the Publisher Site(s) uses Cookies and that by visiting Publisher Site(s), End Users are agreeing to your use of Cookies. Your privacy policy must be easy to understand and provide sufficient details describing (a) what Personal Information you collect and share, (b) the circumstances in which you share it, (c) the purpose(s) for which you share it (including for the purposes specified in the Oracle Privacy Policy), (d) name or type of organization you are sharing it with, and (e) any additional information required under the Rules. Opt-out Requirement for Publisher Sites . You will maintain appropriate policies and practices that enable End Users to opt out of (i) your collection and your sharing of their Personal Information; and (ii) Oracle’s use of Publisher Data as permitted by these Terms. Your privacy policy must allow End Users to opt out of the collection and use of their Personal Information and: (i) for U.S. facing Publisher Sites, include a link to the DAA opt-out program (currently available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ) or the NAI opt out program (currently available at http://optout.networkadvertising.org ); (ii) for EU/EEA Publisher Sites, insert a link to the EDAA opt-out program (currently available at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu ); or (iii) in any other global region, provide a link to the Oracle Privacy Policy or to an opt-out program or opt-out mechanism compliant with the Rules and, as necessary, ensure that any opt outs exercised through such mechanism shared with Oracle in a way that allows Oracle to quickly process the opt-out. Adherence to Privacy Standards. You agree that you will not use the AddThis Services (i) to make decisions about an End User’s eligibility for employment, health care, credit or insurance, or for making decisions solely by automatic means where the decision has a significant effect on the End User, or (ii) in any way that does or can be used to discriminate against any person or promote bigotry, racism, or harm. You may not provide to Oracle any data that (i) falls under the sensitive or special data definitions in the Rules; (ii) is obscene in nature; (iii) relates to an individual’s sexual orientation or sex life; or (iv) provide to Oracle any data collected from sites directed to children under the age of sixteen (16) or from site users whose age you know to be under sixteen (16). Oracle may decline to receive Publisher Data at any time. Both parties agree not to discriminate against consumers who have exercised their deletion, opt-out or access rights in connection with the AddThis Services. Transfers of Personal Information. You agree that Oracle may transfer and store Publisher Data globally. Data transfers to Oracle of Personal Information of European Union End Users are made subject to the terms of the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for Controllers (the " Clauses ") if: (a) Publisher shares, uses, or processes EU End User Personal Information under these Terms; and (b) such data transfer is: (i)Personal Information subject to any restrictions or requirements under Directive 95/46/EC or Regulation (EU) 2016/679 repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation); and (ii) made to countries, jurisdictions, or recipients outside the EEA or Switzerland not recognized by the European Commission as ensuring an adequate level of protection pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC or the General Data Protection Regulation. Oracle and you agree that incorporating the Clauses into these Terms is a legally binding execution of the Clauses with you as the data exporter and Oracle as the data importer. 1.2 Terms Applicable only to End Users. If you are an End User this Section 1.2 and certain other parts of these Terms apply to you. 1.2.1. End User License. Subject to the End User Restrictions in Section 1.2.5., Oracle grants you a limited license to use the AddThis Services to share content and connect with other users online in accordance with these Terms. 1.2.2. Privacy. Collection of Publisher Data on a Publisher Site is governed by the Publisher’s privacy policy which must comply with Oracle’s Privacy Policy . 1.2.3. Third-Party Content. Content shared- or linked-to via the AddThis Services may contain references or links to third-party materials and services (including Publisher content) not owned or controlled by Oracle or its partners and subject to other terms and conditions which you should review.Your dealings with such third parties found through the AddThis Services are solely between you and the third party and such dealings are governed by the relevant terms and policies of such third party. YOU AGREE THAT ORACLE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS THE RESULT OF SUCH DEALINGS OR AS THE RESULT OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES APPEARING ON THE ADDTHIS SERVICES. 1.2.4. Eligibility. You must be at least sixteen (16) years old to use the AddThis Services. If you are sixteen (16) or older but younger than eighteen (18), you must have parental consent before using the AddThis Services, and your parent must accept these Terms on your behalf. 1.2.5. End User Restrictions. End Users will not: (i) use the AddThis Services in a way that violates the terms of any Publisher Site; or (ii) use the AddThis Services to stalk, harass, harm another person, or violate the law. 1.2.6. Disagreements and Disputes. Your use of the AddThis Services may bring you into contact with other users (whether End Users or Publishers), and their content. You are solely responsible for your involvement with other users and Oracle shall not be liable for any involvement by you with other users, including for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages arising out of or in connection with such disputes. 1.3 Other Rights, Limits, and Restrictions Applicable to End Users and Publishers. 1.3.1. Restrictions. Publishers and End Users will not (and will not permit any third party to): (i) conduct, promote, or advertise any item, good, or activity while using the AddThis Services that violates the law; (ii) upload, distribute, post, transmit, or make available through the AddThis Services or provide Oracle with, any content or information that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, pornographic, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, harmful to minors in any way, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable; (iii) attempt to reverse engineer, change, disrupt, interfere with or jeopardize the AddThis Services, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the AddThis Services, Downloadable Code, Enablement Code, or other code or software related to the AddThis Services; (iv) modify, change, or alter in any way, the proprietary content of any third party using the AddThis Services; (v) use the AddThis Services in any manner which interferes with the performance or functionality of the AddThis APIs or the AddThis Services or any website or app; (vi) attempt to gain access to secured portions of the AddThis Services to which you do not have a right to access; (vii) use the AddThis Services to load or transmit any form of virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other malicious code; (viii) use any automatic, electronic, or manual process to access, search, or harvest information from the AddThis Services, or to interfere in any way with the proper functioning of the AddThis Services; (ix) use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to extract, "screen scrape," monitor, "mine," or copy any static or dynamic web page on or via the AddThis Services; (x) conduct, promote, or advertise any item, good, or activity while using the AddThis Services that violates the terms of service of any Publisher Site; (xi) conduct, promote or advertise any item, good, or activity while using the AddThis Services that Oracle determines, in its sole discretion, is inappropriate to be promoted through the Publisher Site or the AddThis Services; and (xii) infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of others (including, without limitation, Oracle). 1.3.2. Changes to the AddThis Services. Oracle may change or discontinue the AddThis Services with or without notice at any time. Oracle will not be liable to anyone if Oracle changes or discontinues the AddThis Services. If you object to any changes to the AddThis Services, your sole recourse will be to stop using the AddThis Services. Your continued use of the AddThis Services following changes represents your acceptance of such changes. 1.3.3. Intellectual Property. Oracle owns all right, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights in and to the AddThis Services, the technology used to create and run the AddThis Services, and Oracle software code and any Oracle-owned work product, reports, or other output or results, derivatives designs, methods, inventions, know-how, techniques, applications, or other materials or technology, or any enhancements to the foregoing, that Oracle makes available to you in connection with these Terms. II. GENERAL 2.1 Warranties and Disclaimers. 2.1.1. Publisher Warranties.You warrant that you have the right and authority to grant the licenses in these Terms and that Oracle’s exercise of such rights will not infringe or otherwise violate any End User’s or other third-party rights, and that all so-called moral rights in the Publisher Data have been waived to the full extent allowed by law. 2.1.2. Oracle Warranties and Disclaimers. Oracle develops its products and services using a commercially reasonable level of care. However, there are certain promises Oracle does not make about the AddThis Services provided under these terms. ORACLE PROVIDES THE ADDTHIS SERVICES "AS IS". ORACLE DOES NOT MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS OR PROVIDE WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE CONTENT OF THE ADDTHIS SERVICES, THE FUNCTIONS OF THE ADDTHIS SERVICES, OR THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY OF THE ADDTHIS SERVICES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ORACLE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES NOT EXPRESSLY INCLUDED IN THESE TERMS. 2.2 Term. Oracle may suspend, terminate, or prohibit your use of the AddThis Services at any time with or without cause. If Oracle terminates your right to use the AddThis Services, you will stop using the AddThis Services immediately. If you are a Publisher, you will remove the AddThis Services (and any related code or technology) from all of your Publisher Sites immediately. The sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms. 2.3 Confidential Information. Certain content, information, or software you access through the AddThis Services may contain Oracle's confidential information. Without limiting the foregoing, all non-public information and materials (including any fee information if you are paying for the AddThis Services) relating to the AddThis Services is Oracle's confidential information (" Confidential Information "). You agree to protect Confidential Information by exercising the necessary care required to prevent its disclosure. Notwithstanding the above, you will not disclose, divulge, distribute, publish, transmit, or transfer Confidential Information to any third party or use Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever other than as expressly authorized by these Terms. Your obligations with respect to Confidential Information, whether or not deemed trade secret under applicable law, remain in effect until the particular information becomes publicly known through no direct or indirect action by you. 2.4 Indemnification. If you are using the AddThis Services on behalf of a business or other entity, that business or entity accepts these Terms. You, the business, or entity will hold harmless and indemnify Oracle and its affiliates from any claim, suit, or action arising from or related to your use of the AddThis Services or violation of these Terms, including any liability or expense (e.g. losses, damages, judgments, litigation costs, and attorneys' fees) arising from such claims, suits, or actions. 2.5 Limitation of Liability. ORACLE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU OR YOUR BUSINESS. ORACLE’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS IS LIMITED TO $1,000. ORACLE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT ARE NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. 2.6 Export Control Laws. You acknowledge that the AddThis Services are subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and other export laws, restrictions, and regulations (collectively, the "Export Laws") and that you will comply with the Export Laws. You will not ship, transfer, export, or re-export the AddThis Services, directly or indirectly, to: (a) any countries that are subject to U.S. export restrictions (currently including, but not necessarily limited to, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and Crimea) (each, an " Embargoed Country "), (b) any End User whom you know or have reason to know will utilize them for prohibited purposes, including but not limited to: in the design, development, or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, rocket systems, space launch vehicles and sounding rockets, or unmanned air vehicle systems (each, a " Prohibited Use "), or (c) any End User who has been prohibited from participating in the U.S. export transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government (each, a " Sanctioned Party "). In addition, you are responsible for complying with any local laws in your jurisdiction which may impact your right to import, export, or use the AddThis Services. You represent and warrant that (a) you are not a citizen of, or located within, an Embargoed Country, (b) you will not use the AddThis Services for a Prohibited Use, and (c) you are not a Sanctioned Party. All rights to use the AddThis Services are granted on condition that such rights are forfeited if you fail to comply with any of these Terms. If Oracle has knowledge that a violation has occurred, Oracle may terminate these Terms.2.7 Miscellaneous. Oracle may modify these Terms at any time. You may not assign these Terms, or any part of them, to any other party, without Oracle’s prior written authorization. You should review these Terms regularly and it is your responsibility to do so. Oracle will post the "as of date" for these Terms on the bottom of this page. Any changes to these Terms will not apply retroactively and will become effective for your use of the AddThis Services ten (10) days after they are posted on this page. Any changes made to these Terms which are required by law will become effective immediately. If you do not agree to any change in the Terms, you will stop using the AddThis Services. Your continued use of the AddThis Services following changes to these Terms represents your acceptance of those changes. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Oracle related to the AddThis Services and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements. If an order is placed under these Terms, and there is a conflict between these Terms and the order terms, the terms of the order govern. These Terms govern our relationship regarding your use of the AddThis Services and they do not create any third-party rights. If Oracle takes no action for your failure to comply with any part of these Terms, it does not mean that Oracle is foregoing or giving up any rights described here. If any part of these Terms is unenforceable, that will not affect the enforceability of any other part of the Terms. The Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act does not apply to these Terms or to any order that might be placed under them. These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the courts in San Francisco or Santa Clara counties in California in any dispute arising of or relating to these Terms. Legal notices to Oracle must be sent by certified mail to: Oracle America, Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway Redwood Shores, CA 94065, Attention: General Counsel, Legal Department. III. DEFINITIONS AddThis Marks means ADDTHIS, a registered trademark in the United States and any other AddThis graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, and toolbars appearing on the Publisher Site or the AddThis Services that may be trademarks in the United States and other countries. AddThis Services means AddThis.com, the AddThis Tools (including "Share Buttons," "Follow Buttons," "Related Posts," and "Targeting Tools"), AddThis "for-pay" services ordered by Publishers (e.g. AddThis Enterprise Tools), and Downloadable Code. AddThis Tools means (i) a suite of AddThis technologies owned by Oracle and made available to Publishers to install on the Publisher Sites to allow an End User to share, follow, view, recommend, and interact with Publisher content; and (ii) the AddThis management and analytics dashboard. Cookie means a file that is saved on a computer or device when the computer or device communicates with a server, which uses the Cookie to retrieve information about that computer or device and its users. Downloadable Code means any Enablement Code, and the code provided on AddThis.com that enables the installation of the AddThis Tools on the Publisher Site(s). Enablement Code means code that is part of the AddThis Tools or is provided to you including any pixel tags or other similar code that enables Oracle to collect Publisher Data. Oracle Partner(s) means third parties that are Oracle subprocessors, including those that enable the synchronization of unique identifiers to enable online behavioral advertising via the use of Cookies and Enablement Code. For a list of those third-party partners, please click here . Personal Information means information defined as personally identifiable or personal data by the Rules of the jurisdiction in which a particular individual (made known to Oracle by an End User or Publisher, or through the AddThis Services) resides. Publisher Data means data collected from the Publisher Site(s) including (a) Publisher Site content collected from the AddThis Services, AddThis Tools, Downloadable Code, or Enablement Code on Publisher Sites; and (b) data collected regarding End User visits and activity on Publisher Sites. Publisher Site means a website, URL, or web page on which the AddThis Services are enabled or used. AddThis.com, for example, is a Publisher Site.Rules means all applicable data protection, electronic communications and privacy laws, rules, regulations, regulatory guidelines, as well as any applicable self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (" DAA "), currently available at https://youradchoices.com/principles , the Code of Conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (" NAI "), currently available at https://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement/code/a> the NAI Mobile Application Code, currently available at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile/NAI_Mobile_Application_Code.pdf , and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance (" EDAA "), currently available at https://edaa.eu/what-we-do/european-principles/ , as each set of principles may be amended from time to time. Service Provider Platform means a software application, or mobile device application (app) on which the AddThis Services are enabled or used. Third-Party Marks means a third-party registered trademark in the United States and any other graphics, logos, and designs appearing on the Publisher Site or the AddThis Services that may be trademarks in the United States and other countries.Privacy @ Oracle AddThis Privacy Policy 1. INTRODUCTION AddThis services have been terminated as of May 31, 2023. Please visit addthis.com for more information. This AddThis Privacy Policy (also referred to as the “ Privacy Policy ”) informs consumers about the collection, use, sharing, and selling (collectively referred to as “ processing ” or “ process ”) of your personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the AddThis Tools. It also explains the privacy rights you have in relation to these processing activities. Oracle (“ Oracle ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, “ Oracle Advertising ”) provides an AddThis suite of technologies to publishers for use on their websites (“ AddThis Tools ”). AddThis Tools provide website owners with the capability to enable users of their websites to share webpages, blogs, news, photos, videos, and other content with social networks and other destinations via a browser plug-in or website plug-in. With AddThis Tools, publishers can (i) enable users to share, follow, view, recommend and interact with the publisher’s content, and (ii) collect information from those users as a result of their visit. The AddThis Tools are available for download through AddThis.com or through selected third party sites. When you interact with a website on which a publisher has installed AddThis Tools, your direct interactions are primarily with that publisher as a data controller. In our AddThis Terms of Service with the publisher, we require that the publisher informs you directly of how it collects and uses your personal information in this context, and gets your consent where appropriate. Oracle may then also receive information about you via your interactions with the publisher’s AddThis Tools, so this Privacy Policy informs you how we process that personal information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 16, 2022. However, the Privacy Policy can change over time, for example to meet changing business or legal requirements. The most up-to-date version can be found on this website . In case there is an important change that we want to highlight to you, we will also inform you in another appropriate way (for example, via a pop-up notice or statement of changes on our website). SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY See More This Privacy Policy applies to information received via the AddThis Tools available on a publisher’s website, as well as information collected via those Tools. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Oracle America, Inc. is responsible for the processing of your personal information collected via the AddThis Tools as described in this Privacy Policy. WHICH CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS? See More The AddThis Tools collect personal information from the device used by you to interact with Publisher Sites. WHERE DO WE SOURCE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Oracle receives personal information when you interact with a website on which a publisher has installed AddThis Tools. The publishers share your personal information with Oracle per our AddThis Terms of Service. WHY AND HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More We use personal information about you to enable Oracle customers and partners to market products and services to you, to provide personalized recommendations and messages, to link browsers and apps across devices, to sync unique identifiers with our partners, to develop and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes. HOW CAN WE SHARE OR SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Your personal information is shared throughout Oracle’s organization and sold to, or shared with, third parties such as Oracle Advertising customers and partners, and service providers. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? See More You have privacy rights for the information we process about you. You can choose to opt-out of third party sharing or selling and object to our use of your personal information, delete or correct your personal information, or access your personal information. HOW TO CONTACT ORACLE IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR COMPLAINTS? See More If you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Privacy Policy, please contact the Global Data Protection Officer. 2. SCOPE As described above, this Privacy Policy applies to information received by Oracle via AddThis Tools installed on a publisher’s website (“ Publisher Site ”). “ Publisher ” means the owner or operator of a Publisher Site that incorporates and displays the AddThis Tools and makes the AddThis Tools available to you. Oracle also provides publishers with a platform where they can perform analytics and customize their websites and/or applications to provide users with more relevant advertising (“ AddThis Platform ”). This Privacy Policy does not govern the use of the AddThis Platform by the Publisher (or any individual working for the Publisher).In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information Oracle collects from Publishers on www.addthis.com (“ AddThis Site ”) in order to register and administer a Publisher’s account on the AddThis Site and provide the Publisher with access to the AddThis Platform. Oracle’s Privacy Policy on https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-policy.html describes how we process such Publisher personal information. 3. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Oracle America Inc., is responsible for processing AddThis Data described in this Privacy Policy. 4. WHICH CATEGORIES AND SPECIFIC PIECES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS AND FROM WHAT SOURCES? The AddThis Tools collect information from the device used by you to interact with Publisher Sites (“ AddThis Data ”). Note that the AddThis Tools only collect limited information from users located in the EU/EEA, Switzerland or the UK (collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Europe”) and only for legal compliance and data minimization purposes (i.e., to prevent ingestion of information from users in Europe for commercial purposes) as described below in Section 5 of this Policy. AddThis Data is collected online and may indirectly identify you. It includes, for example: unique IDs such as a cookie ID on your browser;IP addresses and information derived from IP addresses, such as geographic location;information about your device, such as browser, device type, operating system, the presence or use of ‘apps’, screen resolution, or the preferred language;the date and time you visited a Publisher Site; andthe referring URL and the web search you used to locate and navigate to a Publisher Site. For personal information collected outside Europe, we may associate such information with interest segments or profiles as part of the provision of AddThis services to our customers and partners. “ Interest segments ” are a specific group of consumers that share a common behavior or preference used for marketing by our customers. “ Profiles ” are a set of attributes about a specific consumer or device, or a set of multiple consumers or devices sharing common attributes used for marketing by our customers. Oracle may also collect email addresses on behalf of a Publisher to assist the Publisher in creating email lists as part of our AddThis List Building Tools service. Oracle is not responsible for the use and processing of your email address in connection with the AddThis List Building Tools service. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the Publishers to understand how such Publishers use and share your email addresses. 5. FOR WHAT COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSE DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? For personal information collected outside Europe, we use personal information for the following commercial purposes: a) to enable AddThis Tools functionality; b) to enable AddThis Publishers and Oracle Advertising customers and partners to market products and services to you; c) to provide personalized recommendations and messages; d) to link browsers and apps across devices; e) to sync unique identifiers; and f) to analyze, develop, and improve the AddThis Tools and Oracle products and services. For personal information collected outside Europe, we use personal information for the following business purposes: g) to manage the security of our sites, networks, and systems; and h) to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business. These purposes are further specified below. Please note that with respect to Europe, AddThis collects only limited information from users located in Europe and other regions solely to comply with applicable laws and regulations by deleting information about these users for the legitimate interests of preventing the ingestion of personal information from users in Europe and other regions for commercial purposes. These users in Europe can still avail themselves of the AddThis functionality but AddThis Data will not be collected from such users and used for Oracle’s own commercial purposes. a) Enable AddThis Tools functionality. We use AddThis Data to process your request to share content via the AddThis Tools. We also use AddThis Data to customize the AddThis Tools to your usage patterns. Example: You visit a website and use the AddThis sharing tool on the website to share an article to Facebook. b) Enable AddThis Publishers and Oracle Advertising customers and partners to market products and services to you. Publishers provide us with AddThis Data so that we can build Segments and Profiles to facilitate personalized interest-based advertising for you by Oracle and our Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud customers and partners. Example: A marketing professional working for a travel company wants to reach a group of individuals (also known as an audience) who may be interested in its travel specials to Hawaii.The marketing professional uses AddThis Tools to create an audience interested in travel to Hawaii. If you have visited a travel website previously and have expressed an interest in Hawaiian vacations, you may subsequently see advertisements for a vacation to Hawaii because a cookie has been placed on your device that made you part of that travel company’s audience. c) Provide personalized recommendations and messages. Publishers can use AddThis Data and insights provided by AddThis to personalize the Publisher Site. Example: You visit a site and see content on the site that you find relevant to your interests. Using the example above, if you visit the travel company’s site, you may see specials to Hawaii on the travel company’s homepage. You decide you want to receive additional information from the travel company via email communications and provide your email address to the travel company so they can send you offers and specials directly to your inbox. d) Link browsers and apps across devices. For linking Profiles and Segments to enable Oracle Advertising customers and partners to connect your interest segments across the various browsers and/or devices you may use for the purposes described in this section. Example: You are interested in vacations offered by a travel company and have clicked on their online advertising. You are logged into several devices (your desktop, smartphone, and tablet) using the same login. Oracle partners have indicated that you are likely the same user across those same devices. The travel company is able to send vacation offers to you (via de-identified cookie ID) to these different devices. e) Sync unique identifiers. The AddThis Tools also incorporate Cookies and Pixels from Oracle partners to enable the synchronization of unique identifiers between Oracle and our third party partners to facilitate online behavioral advertising across the online advertising ecosystem. For a list of those third party partners, please visit: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/pixel-partners. The ‘Opt-Out’ tool available below will opt you out of data collection by Oracle and cease the syncing of unique identifiers with our third party partners. Please see the “ What are your choices? ” section below for more information. f) To analyze, develop, improve, and improve the AddThis Tools and Oracle products and services. We can process AddThis Data for Oracle’s own research and development purposes. For example, to enhance data quality, develop new features and functionality and for statistical analyses related to the performance and operation of Oracle Advertising. g) To manage the security of our sites, networks, and systems. We can collect usage and systems operations data from the AddThis Tools for security and operations management to help keep Oracle, customer, and partner networks and systems, as well as our products and services, secure. We may also collect usage and systems operations data from the AddThis Tools to investigate and prevent cyber-attacks, malicious activity, or potential fraud, including ad fraud and to detect bots. h) To comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business. In some cases, we may process AddThis Data to comply with applicable laws and regulations. For example, to respond to a request from a regulator or to defend a legal claim. We may also process AddThis Data in the operation of our business. For example, to conduct audits and investigations, for finance and accounting, archiving and insurance purposes. 6. WHAT COOKIES, PIXEL TAGS AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES DOES ADDTHIS USE? Cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels tags and device identifiers) are used by Oracle and our advertising technology partners to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices for the purposes specified in Section 5 above. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser on a connected device. We or our partners use cookies to, among other things, track user trends and collect information about how you use Publishers’ Sites or interact with advertising. Most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies by default. You may, however, be able to change your browser settings to cause your browser to refuse third-party cookies or to indicate when a third-party cookie is being sent. Check your browser's 'help' files to learn more about handling cookies. Pixel Tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) are invisible 1 x 1 pixels that are placed on webpages that use this technology for marketing and measurement purposes. When you access these webpages, pixel tags generate a generic notice of the visit. Pixel tags can be used with cookies or alone. When used with cookies, pixel tags can track activity on a site by a particular device and provide relevant online advertising to you.When you turn off cookies or have opted out of cookies, pixel tags simply detect a unique website visit and how you interacted with the advertising but do not track an individual to provide relevant online advertising. Redirect notice. When you use the AddThis Tools on a Publisher Site to share information and content the Publisher makes available on the Publisher Site (“ Publisher Content ”), you are redirected through the AddThis Site before you are directed to your destination website where you want to publish or share the Publisher Content (e.g., to share Publisher Content to a social media site such as Facebook). 7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to opt-out of third party sharing or selling, or request deletion or correction of, or access to, their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. Opt-out and object to our use of personal information. Oracle offers multiple ways for you to opt out of third party sharing or selling and object to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. AddThis Opt-out. If you prefer that Oracle and our third party partners do not receive your personal information via Cookies and Pixels for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, you may opt out of collection at any time via the Oracle Advertising opt-out, available at https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com/#optout . Upon opting out, we will place an opt-out Cookie on your device. The opt-out Cookie tells the AddThis Tools not to include information from that device in AddThis Data. AdTech Industry Opt-out. You may also opt out of third party sharing or selling by Oracle Advertising by using the opt-out tools provided by the following industry groups: Digital Advertising Alliance (‘DAA’): http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ Network Advertising Initiative (‘NAI’): http://optout.networkadvertising.org European Interactive Digital Adverting Alliance (‘EDAA’): http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and http://www.edaa.eu/ Do Not Track. Oracle honors “Do Not Track” browser settings, meaning we will not track your browser for marketing purposes while you have “Do Not Track” turned on in your browser settings. Please note that if you opt out using the first two opt out tools, you may still temporarily receive marketing due to marketing campaigns already underway. However, you will be opted-out of all future marketing campaigns that use Oracle Advertising. Also note that the first two opt out tools are currently cookie-based and prevent Oracle from using, sharing, or selling your personal information for interest-based advertising on the browser on which they are installed. As a result, the opt out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies and may not function where cookies are sometimes automatically disabled or removed (e.g., certain mobile devices and operating systems). If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt out again. Oracle does not use persistent, unique identifiers to revive a previously opted-out profile or deleted cookie. Blocking Emails Shared via AddThis Tools. You may opt of sharing content (with other users for example) by email using the AddThis Tools. By using the AddThis Tools, You agree to abide by the general rules of conduct in the AddThis Terms of Service . Oracle does not verify the email address you provide to share content via email. Oracle will delete the email address within 90 days of collection. To opt out of emails sent by you using AddThis Tools, please use the opt-out tool available at: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/email-opt-out. Access personal information In order to exercise your right to access your online information, you can use the Oracle Advertising Registry (“ Registry ”) to view the online segments Oracle has associated with your device. Information available in the Registry is not limited to the preceding 12 months, rather the Registry provides the entire view of online segments associated with the cookie on your browser. By accessing this Registry, you can view the types of third-party interest segments that are shared with or sold to Oracle Advertising customers. Please note that the interest segments you see within the Registry is information about you from the profile associated with the specific browser, computer or device that you are using to visit the Registry. You may see different segments when viewing the Registry from a different browser, computer or device. We therefore recommend using different browsers and devices when accessing the Registry. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law unless such data is only retained for legal and compliance purposes.Oracle will not discriminate against consumers who have exercised the deletion, opt-out, or access rights provided to them in this Privacy Policy. Delete or correct personal information Unless retained solely for legal and compliance purposes, Oracle will delete or correct your online or offline personal information, upon request, as set forth below: You can erase or delete the AddThis Data Oracle is processing about your device or remove segments in the Registry by opting out of AddThis services using the opt-out tool . Given the nature and purpose of the processing activities, in the event your personal information contains any inaccuracies, Oracle will delete your personal information per the process set above for deletion. 8. WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS AS A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT? Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, California residents may request that we: 1. disclose to you the following information: the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected about you and the categories of personal information we sold (see Section 4 );the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information (see Section 4 );the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you (see Section 5 ); and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or otherwise disclosed personal information (see Section 9 ). 2. delete personal information we collected from you or correct inaccurate personal information about you (see Section 7 ); or3. opt-out of any future sale of personal information about you (see Section 7 ). We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. Oracle will not discriminate against you if you exercise these rights under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, you may obtain information about exercising your rights, as described above, by contacting us at 1-800-633-0748. For information on the CCPA requests Oracle received, complied with, or denied for the previous calendar year, please visit Oracle’s Annual Consumer Privacy Reporting page, available here . 9. WHEN AND HOW CAN WE SHARE ADDTHIS DATA? Sharing within Oracle As a global corporation, AddThis Data can be shared globally throughout Oracle’s worldwide organization for business purposes, as specified in Section 4 . A list of Oracle entities is available here . Please select a region and country to view the registered address and contact details of the Oracle entity or entities located in each country. Oracle employees are authorized to access personal information only to the extent necessary to perform their job functions. Sharing or selling with third parties We may share or sell AddThis Data with the following third parties for a commercial purpose: Oracle Advertising customers and partners, including digital marketers, ad agencies, web publishers, demand side platforms, data management platforms, supply-side platforms and social media networks. Oracle’s use of AddThis Data by our Oracle Advertising customers and partners is described in the Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy ; andthird-party service providers as necessary to perform Oracle Advertising services on behalf of Oracle. We may share or sell AddThis Data with the following third parties for a business purpose: relevant third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings; andrelevant third parties to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others; investigate or prevent fraud or malicious activity; or respond to government requests, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes. 10. FOR HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN ADDTHIS DATA? Oracle maintains personal information for the following retention periods: We retain AddThis Data for 13 months as of collection. A 1% sample of AddThis Data (“ Sample Dataset ”) is retained for a maximum of 24 months for business continuity purposes. Oracle hashes the direct and indirect identifiers (such as IP address and cookie ID) in the Sample Dataset. ‘Hashing’ means the personal information cannot be associated with an individual without the use of additional information. 11. HOW IS ADDTHIS DATA SECURED? Oracle has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. 12. DO WE PROCESS SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION?Oracle does not create any online interest segments that reflect personal information that is sensitive, as defined by law and self-regulatory frameworks, or personal information that Oracle has deemed “sensitive.” We also have operational procedures in our platform designed to prevent our partners and customers from using personal information provided to them by Oracle to create interest segments that we consider sensitive. While the types of personal information considered sensitive may vary among consumers and applicable law, we treat the following types of personal information as sensitive: precise mental or physical health, biometric, or genetic information, such as a certain sensitive medical condition like cancer or diabetes;pregnancy, such as pregnancy choices, pregnancy termination, reproductive rights, and traveling to exercise reproductive rights;certain aspects linked to personal life, such as racial or ethnic, religious, political, citizenship, immigration status, or sexual orientation;social security or other state identification number, financial account numbers or login information for such accounts; interest in “adult” activities, such as drug use, an interest in weapons, or pornographic material; andinformation considered sensitive based on applicable law. We do not allow our customers or partners to use data provided to them by Oracle: (i) to make decisions related to an individual’s eligibility for employment, credit, healthcare, insurance, tenancy, or education purposes; (ii) to make decisions solely by automatic means where the decision has a significant effect on the individual; or (iii) in any way that may or does discriminate against any person or promote bigotry, racism, or harm. For these purposes, Oracle considers harm to be inclusive of the use of data provided by Oracle to target vulnerable individuals or groups with fraudulent or deceptive marketing campaigns or to be used in any manner that causes vulnerable individuals harm. As noted above, Oracle does not create interest segments that reflect sensitive medical conditions. For a list of our non-sensitive health and wellness segments, please see this link (PDF) . 13. DOES ORACLE PROCESS ADDTHIS DATA FROM CHILDREN? We do not intentionally collect or share AddThis Data of children under 16 years of age. Further, we prohibit our Publishers from providing Oracle with personal information from sites directed to children under the age of 16 or from consumers whose age these companies know to be under the age of 16. 14. IS ORACLE A MEMBER OF ANY INDUSTRY ORGANIZATIONS? Oracle is a member of, and adheres to the regulatory principles of, several industry groups including the Network Advertising Initiative ('NAI') , the Digital Advertising Alliance ('DAA') , European Digital Advertising Alliance ('EDAA') and the Interactive Advertising Bureau ('IAB') . Please visit these industry groups for more information on the advertising industry and for more opt-out choices. 15. LINKS TO OTHER SITES AddThis Platform and AddThis Tools contain links to, and allow you to share content on, third party websites and services. By providing such links to third party websites or services or allowing sharing of content, we are not endorsing, authorizing or representing that we are affiliated with that third party, nor are we endorsing the third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party websites and services to understand how such third parties collect, use and share information. 16. HOW IS ADDTHIS DATA HANDLED GLOBALLY? Oracle is a global corporation with operations in over 80 countries and personal information is processed globally. If personal information is transferred to an Oracle recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, Oracle will take measures designed to adequately protect information about you. 17. HOW DO I CONTACT ORACLE IF I HAVE QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR COMPLAINTS? For inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Oracle’s Data Protection Officer by filling out our inquiry form and providing sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand and respond to your request. Or you can contact us at the address below: Oracle Corporation Global Data Protection Officer Willis Tower 233 South Wacker Drive 45th Floor Chicago, IL 60606 U.S.A. 18. FILING A COMPLAINT If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy, please contact us first. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. You also have the right to file a complaint with a competent data protection authority if you are a resident of a European Union member state. 19.ORACLE CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS Oracle’s corporate headquarters are located at: 2300 Oracle Way Austin, TX 78741 USA Tel: +1.737.867.1000 Learn More Country/Region