Corporate Privacy Statement Updated July 13th, 2018 The information below applies to the personal information we obtain when you visit our corporate website, samsungads.ca, (“AdGear” or “Website”). For the AdGear Platform Privacy Statement, click here AdGear Technologies, Inc. (“AdGear”) is committed to protecting the online privacy of Internet users. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION When you visit our Website, we obtain personal information about you. We recognise that the privacy and security of personal information is important to you. AdGear respects your concerns about privacy and security, and processes the personal information we obtain about you when you visit our Website in accordance with applicable requirements. On our Website, you may apply for a position with AdGear. To do so, we require that you provide the following personal information Name Phone number Email address Resume Cover letter We use this personal information to provide applicant support, respond to your questions and comments and communicate with you about your application; evaluate you for available positions; obtain background check information; contact you regarding possible employment; carry out our human resources functions and activities; operate, evaluate and improve our business; and perform data analyses. We use the personal information for the purposes described above because we have a legitimate interest in managing our human resources needs that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms with respect to the personal information we collect. We may also use the personal information to protect against and prevent fraud, claims and other liabilities and to comply with or enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and our policies and terms. We use personal information for these purposes when it is necessary to protect, exercise or defend our legal rights, or when required to do so by law that applies to us. When you visit our Website, AdGear may collect and process the following information: Web browser and other information about the device you used to visit our Website IP address of the device you used to visit our WebsiteMobile device identifiers when you use a mobile device to visit our Website Email address, should you submit a question to AdGear. Approximate location of your device based on its IP address We also use log files to analyze trends and administer the Website. These files include: IP addresses of the device used to visit our WebsiteBrowser type used when visiting our WebsiteInternet service provider used when visiting our WebsiteReferring/exit pagesPlatform typeDate/time stampsNumber of clicks We process the personal information we obtain automatically through the Website in accordance with our legitimate business interests in operating and improving our Website that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms with respect to the personal information we obtain. If you are located outside of Canada and the US, by providing personal information to us, you understand that this personal information will be stored and processed by AdGear in Canada and the US. If you do not want your personal information to be stored in Canada or the US please do not provide such personal information to us. COOKIES AdGear may also store a small text file called a cookie (“Cookie”) on your computer. AdGear may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). These Cookies are necessary for our Website to operate properly and facilitate your use of its features. These Cookies help us understand information, such as your session ID and other server authentication information. This is the only category of Cookies we use on the Website, and because they are necessary for our Website to run properly they cannot be disabled. For more information, you can visit the AdGear Cookie Statement by clicking here . INFORMATION SHARING We may share certain personal information we obtain through our Website with our affiliates, subsidiaries, vendors, or third-party service providers, such as our human resources service provider JazzHR (JazzHR.com). We do not authorize our third-party service providers to use or disclose the personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.AdGear, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our third-party service providers also may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (6) in the event of a potential or actual sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation); or (7) otherwise with your consent. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES Third-party services incorporated into the Website, such as social media widgets, may collect information about your visits to our Website for purposes that may include interest-based advertising. These third-party services operate independently from AdGear and may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any third-party service is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for any use of the service or the privacy practices of the operator of the service. INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN This site is not intended for or directed to children. We do not collect or retain personal information from any individual we know is under the age of 18 through this Website. YOUR RIGHTS Subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we maintain about you from this Website or request that we correct, amend, or erase the personal information obtained through this Website by contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. Subject to applicable law, pursuant to an erasure request from a website user, AdGear will promptly delete all personal information associated with that website user. Subject to applicable law, you may object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information obtained through this Website, and we will apply your preferences going forward. Subject to applicable law, you may also receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, any personal information that you have provided to us about you on this Website based on consent or a contract to which you are party. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to have this personal information transmitted to another company in these circumstances, where it is technically feasible. Subject to applicable law, you may request that we restrict the use of your personal information in certain circumstances, such as while we consider another request that you have submitted, for example, a request that we update your personal information. You may lodge a complaint with a data protection authority if you are not satisfied with our responses. For complaints or concerns related to your request for access to your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at privacy@adgear.com SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AdGear employs administrative, technical, and physical safeguards intended to protect the personal information we obtain against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. HOW LONG WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION We retain personal information in identifiable form for only as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the personal information was collected , or for as long as is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this policy CHANGES TO THIS POLICY AdGear Technologies, Inc. reserves the right to change, modify, add/or remove portions of this policy at any time and without notice. We will alert you to any changes to this policy by posting the effective date at the top of this policy. HOW TO CONTACT US Questions, comments, or concerns related to our Privacy Policy may be directed to our DPO at privacy@adgear.com . In addition, you may write to us at: AdGear Technologies Inc. C/O Data Protection Officer 800 René-Lévesque Blvd W Suite 1000 Montreal, QC H3B 1X9 We have updates to the following policies: Cookie Policy , Corporate Privacy Statement , Platform Privacy Statement .Platform Privacy Statement Updated July 24th, 2020 For the AdGear Corporate Privacy Statement, click here AdGear Technologies, Inc. (“AdGear”) is committed to protecting the online privacy of consumers. At times AdGear technology collects, stores, and uses information, such as your browser type or IP address. We use this information for the purposes described in this policy. Types of Information CollectedPurposes of Data CollectionWhat Are Browser CookiesAdGear’s Cross-Device TechnologyInformation Sharing with Third PartiesLocation of ProcessingSecurity and Retention of DataYour Choices Your RightsChanges to This PolicyHow to Contact Us Types of Information Collected When you visit a website or use an application that either uses or is integrated with AdGear’s technology platform, we obtain certain information about you and the device you are using. In the course of providing ad serving and decisioning services, the following types of information, known as “HTTP header data” or “clickstream data”, may be collected by AdGear’s advertising technology: Browser type used to view the adDevice operating system used to view the adCookie information from the browser used to view the adInformation about the device identifiers assigned to the device used to view the adIP address from which the device used to view the ad accesses a client’s website or mobile applicationInformation about the consumer’s activity on that device, including web pages and mobile apps visited or usedInformation about the geographic location of the Internet service provider of the device used to view the ad We may collect information that is considered personal information under applicable law. Purposes of Data Collection We process the personal information that we obtain in order to: Store and access it Customize the ads we send you based on your interests and the manner in which you interact with the advertisementsSelect, deliver, measure and analyze the ads and content we send We process personal information in accordance with our legitimate business interest in ensuring the effectiveness of our advertisements and the accuracy of our targeting of devices that is not overridden by your interests, rights, and freedoms with respect to the personal information we obtain. Where required by law, we rely on consumer consent for the processing of personal information, which is collected and supplied to us by the operator of the website or application that uses our technology. What are Browser Cookies? A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on a consumer’s computer when that computer’s browser views an ad or website of one of AdGear’s clients or partners. AdGear technology may employ cookies to collect information about you. The AdGear cookie is unique to the consumer’s browser. The cookie does not contain the consumer’s name, address, phone number, email address, or other information that directly identifies the consumer. When dropping non-essential cookies, AdGear relies on consumer consent collected and supplied to us by the operator of the website that uses our technology. For more information about the cookies we use and how to exercise your choices, please see our Cookie Policy AdGear’s Cross-Device Technology On an average day, an individual Internet-connected consumer might use multiple browsers and various devices, including desktop or laptop computers, smartphones, tablets, and Smart TVs. As a result, a single consumer may have multiple behavioral, interest-based, preference-based, or demographic profiles fragmented among several browsers and devices. AdGear uses its proprietary cross-device technology to link these profiles, devices, or sets of devices, based on common attributes, behaviors, or consumer preferences. On behalf of our clients, we may use these groupings (consumer segments) to target advertising campaigns. Our cross-device technology uses both deterministic and probabilistic methods to establish connections between related devices. The deterministic method relies on immutable information, such as device identifiers or hashed login information. The probabilistic method uses non-fixed information from devices and browsers, including IP address and browser information, which may change over time and could be shared by multiple individual consumers. Using these methods of analysis, our cross-device technology is able to infer whether devices are likely to belong to the same consumer or to different consumers within a common household. Information Sharing with Third Parties AdGear may receive from or share personal information with third parties under the following circumstances: Information voluntarily provided by the ad campaign recipients, by way of embedded forms or fields within the ad creative, may be collected, and shared with the client on whose behalf the campaign is served, at the client’s specific request.This information is used solely by AdGear’s client to fulfill the purposes specified within the advertisement, such as to provide the consumer with requested goods, services, or information. At no time do we distribute this information to any party other than as indicated in the ad. AdGear may enable certain third parties to collect information for the purposes of protecting the safety and security of AdGear’s platform and online ecosystem, including to detect and prevent malicious activity or fraudulent traffic. These third parties may include advertising exchanges, data management platforms and marketplaces, geo location data providers and advertisement viewability measurement technology providers. We may disclose such information in the event we reasonably suspect malicious activity or fraudulent traffic or when it is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Subject to applicable privacy law, AdGear may share certain personal information with one or more AdGear affiliates or subsidiaries, such as our parent company, Samsung Electronics Canada Inc.We share certain personal information with our service providers , such as our data hosting providers. Our data storage vendors may store the data they receive on servers that are located in the US. We share certain personal information about consumers with third parties who provide us with information to enable targeted advertising on website(s) and application(s) that use our technology. In addition, we may share personal information we collect at your request. AdGear, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our third-party service providers also may disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (6) in the event of a potential or actual sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation); or (7) otherwise with your consent. Location of Processing AdGear’s technology and services are controlled from Montreal, Quebec, Canada. As such, transfers of personal data from the EU are protected by the adequacy decision made by the Commission of the European Community (in 2001) in which it was decided that Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“ PIPEDA ”) provided an adequate level of protection for personal information transferred from the EU to organizations in Canada. Security and Retention of Data AdGear employs administrative, technical, and physical safeguards intended to protect the personal information we obtain against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use. While no method of electronic storage and/or transmission via the Internet is 100% secure, we are committed to using commercially acceptable and appropriate methods to protect all information under our control (personal or otherwise). AdGear retains personal information for only as long as needed to provide agreed-to services to our clients, or for as long as is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this policy. We also retain personal information for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis, which may be as little as one (1) hour and as long as eighteen (18) months. Your Choices AdGear Platform Opt-Out You can opt out of interest-based advertising supported by the AdGear platform. To opt out through the AdGear platform, please click here . To opt back into AdGear’s interest-based advertising through the AdGear platform, please click here When you choose to opt out of interest-based ads via the AdGear platform, an opt-out cookie will be stored in your web browser. AdGear’s platform will know the choice you have made when it reads your opt-out cookie and will apply your choice to all advertisers that use our platform. Should you delete the opt-out cookie, you will not be opted out and will need to allow cookies from AdGear again in order to renew your opt-out choice. Mobile Device and Web Browser Opt-Outs Mobile device system software, such as Apple iOS or Google Play Services, provide mechanisms that allow consumers to opt out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device.For more information, or to opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). Industry Self-Regulation AdGear supports industry self-regulation programs, including AdChoices, and adheres to the rules and regulations stipulated by the following: In the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance (“ DAA ”) In Canada, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“ DAAC ”) In the EU, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“ EDAA ”) AdChoices is the self-regulatory program for online interest-based advertising, designed to give consumers a better understanding of, as well as greater control over, the ads that are displayed for them based on their online interests. To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the US, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . In the European Economic Area (“EEA”), please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu For consumers located within the EEA, we are registered as a vendor with the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework, which is designed to provide consumers with the ability to exercise choice over which third parties can access and process their personal information for the purpose of serving interest-based ads, either through an opt-in or opt-out mechanism depending on the vendor’s legal basis and use of personal information. AdGear participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. AdGear’s identification number within the framework is 790. Your Rights Subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to the information that we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, or erase the information by contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this privacy policy. You may object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward. We will make every effort to provide you with a copy of the personal information and/or correct, amend, or erase inaccurate information about you wherever possible, as required by applicable law. Subject to applicable law, you may also receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, any information that you have provided to us about you, based on consent or a contract to which you are a party. You have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is technically feasible. In accordance with applicable law, you may request that we restrict the use of your personal information in certain circumstances, such as while we consider another request that you have submitted, for example, a request that we update your personal information. Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward. This will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your information based on your consent before its withdrawal. You may lodge a complaint with a data protection authority if you are not satisfied with our responses. If you believe that AdGear has information about you that has been processed in violation of existing privacy law, please contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at privacy@adgear.com Changes to This Policy AdGear Technologies, Inc. reserves the right to change, modify, add/or remove portions of this policy at any time and without notice. We will alert you to any changes to this policy in this area by posting the effective date at the top of this privacy policy so that you are aware of the information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances is disclosed. How to Contact Us Questions, comments, or concerns related to our Platform Privacy Statement may be directed to our DPO at privacy@adgear.com AdGear Technologies Inc. C/O Data Protection Officer 800 René-Lévesque Blvd W Suite 1000 Montreal, QC H3B 1X9 We have updates to the following policies: Cookie Policy , Corporate Privacy Statement , Platform Privacy Statement .