Privacy Policy Ad Lightning Privacy Policy Ad Lightning Main Privacy Policy Last Updated: April 23, 2021 Ad Lightning, Inc. (“Ad Lightning”) is committed to protecting your personal data and privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal data we may collect from you in connection with your access to and use of the website located at www.adlightning.com (the “Site”) and the services made available through the Site (the “Services”), and how we collect, use, protect, and disclose your personal data. “Site” Privacy Policy “Services” Privacy Policy Additional information that applies solely to consumers who reside in California can be found in our Privacy Notice for California Residents. Privacy Notice for California Residents If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: support@adlightning.com . Copyright Boltive 2023Privacy Guard The only tool powerful enough to detect data sharing gaps before they become liabilities. Boltive’s patented technology is the only solution to audit your website & digital ad campaigns to uncover third parties that aren’t compliant with expected regulations. Boltive’s Privacy Protection wrapper and actionable forensic data makes it easy to remediate violations and recover lost revenue from mishandled signals. Comply with Regulations andProtect Your Reputation Compliance is more than having a consent management platform. When a consumer asks a business to stop selling or sharing their data, the business must stop using it for Interest Based Ads (IBA). It must then relay that request to all service providers that process consumer data for IBA. These requests are often mishandled, 37% of CMP signals routinely fail — until now. Consent Errors Ensure that customer's opt out requests are captured correctly and honored by all technology partners in the ad delivery chain. Unlawful Sensitive Data Sharing Verify that personal data is not used for Interest Based Advertising (IBA) if a user has opted out. Unauthorized Data Collectors Audit your technology partners, and your partner's partners, to prevent user data from being secretly intercepted. Boltive's Privacy Guard Corrects Gaps Before They Become Liabilities Boltive verifies consent signals end-to-end, from your website to your CMP to your digital ad campaigns. Secret-shopper technology watches your site and your digital campaigns in real-time, ensuring that violations are detected and opportunities to reach your target audience aren’t missed. ​We also investigate third parties skimming data suspiciously. One Ad Campaign May Contain Thousands of Covert Violations Privacy laws were written so that violations are counted at the individual level, not campaign level. This creates a potential multiplier effect on errant ads totaling millions in potential fines.Boltive’s patented technology is the only solution that audits your set up and alerts you of third parties in YOUR ad delivery flow that aren’t compliant with expected regulations. Don’t Miss Out on Engaged Users Opt-in signals can fail as often as opt-outs. This creates a missed opportunity to reach users that want to hear from you. Boltive’s technology highlights lost signals so that you can optimize your digital ad campaign spend and ensure efficient targeting. Boltive’s compliance system, with all of its tracking methodologies, will create a good paper trail and record of good faith efforts at privacy compliance. — Richard Arney, co-author CCPA, CPRA How it Works Emulate Your Customer Boltive's Privacy Guard allows you to create and customize profiles with a wide range of personal information and actions to match your customer set, opt-out flow and retargeting strategy. Deploy Secret Shoppers Your personas surf your site and the web just like a real user. Privacy Guard then captures and aggregates real data being transacted about your personas. See the Whole Picture The real-time dashboard pinpoints consent failures, unwanted data collection and other violations, along with the information needed to remediate the issue. Bypass Integration Headaches As a codeless solution, no system integration is required. It’s easy to add us to your current set of tools without adding weight to your site or ads. Just set up your personas and run.​ Shine a Light Into Your Advertising Risk Boltive protects adtech, brands, and publishers—but we need to meet you first.