Privacy policy WP SYNTEX offers WordPress plugins that allow websites to publish content in multiple language. This privacy policy describes the type of personal data that we collect. It also describes how we use the personal data and with whom we share it, your rights and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. What personal data we collect and why we collect it Payment When you purchase from us, we ask you to provide information including your name, address, email address, credit card/payment details. We also collect your IP address. We use this information to: Send you information about your account and orderAnswer to your requests, including refunds and complaintsProcess payments and prevent fraudSet up your account for our storeComply with any legal obligations that we have, such as calculating taxes Contact form The information submitted through the support form are sent to Helpscout, You can find more about the privacy policy of Helpscout . Comments We do not allow comments on any page. Comments left prior to 2018 have all been deleted. Cookies We don’t use analytics, avertizing or social media cookies. But we are using cookies, essential to make our website work: : Cookie from Stripe (one of the payment platform that we use), expires after 30 minutes.: Cookie from Stripe (one of the payment platform that we use), expires after 1 year.: Stores how many items you have in the cart, expires after 30 minutes.: Used to establish a user session and to pass state data, expires at the end of the session.: If you have an account and you log in, this cookie will keep you connected to your account, expires after 2 weeks or when you log out. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Data shared with our support All data that you share with our support team is stored in Helpscout . Sometimes, to help our support to debug an issue on your site, we might ask you access to your FTP account of your site backend. We use this access strictly for debugging and do not share any data with anyone outside of the company. We recommend that you reset the passwords once you don’t need our support anymore. We cannot be held responsible for any loss of private information from databases if that should occur. We recommend that you have always a fully working backup of the site you share with us. Data collected by our plugins Polylang or the Polylang addons that we provide to you do not collect any personal data without your users’s consent. Polylang allows your user to translate their biographical info. It is considered as personal data and is exported with other personal data of your users. Polylang does not send any data from your website to us. Polylang Pro and our other premium plugins collect your domain name an IP address when you activate your licence key. This information is used to enable the automatic updates. Who we share your data with We don’t share your data with third-parties in a way as to reveal any of your personal information except for payments. We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information. Please see the PayPal privacy policy for more details. We also use Stripe for payment. Stripe collects identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe privacy policy . Who can see your personal information If you are not a registered client in our site, there is no personal information we have or can see about you. If you are a customer, your personal information can be accessed by the website’s administrator and the support team when it’s needed to get the information about your account in order to provide support How long we retain your data If you have an account, all personal data that we hold about you were collected for legal reasons. We must keep them at least 10 years. What rights you have over your data If you have an account, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can’t request that we erase any personal data we hold about you because we are obliged to keep them for legal reasons. How we protect your data We are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout all our site.This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization. What data breach procedures we have in place Administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user. Then we will contact each user that might be affected. Your contact information The website https://polylang.pro is a service offered by : WP SYNTEX 28, rue Jean Sébastien Bach, 38090 Villefontaine, France. S.A.R.L with a capital of 10 000€ RCS : 819 143 645 Vienne VAT Number : FR64 819 143 645 Publication director : Frédéric Demarle CNIL Declaration number : 1947430 Hosting : WP Serveur – 130 Av. du Président Wilson, 93100 Montreuil You can contact us at https://polylang.pro/support/ Polylang is a registered trademark.Docs Tools Support Cookie Consent Resource The purpose of this guide is to share general context and resources to help our partners meet cookie consent requirements. Laws and guidance relating to the use of cookies and online collection of information vary by region and continue to evolve . Facebook cannot provide legal guidance on compliance with regulations and policies. We recommend that you conduct your own assessment about consent requirements and talk to your Legal representative about what's best for your organization. About Cookies Cookies are a form of technology usually consisting of small pieces of text that can be used to store on or access a user’s computer, mobile device, or other electronic devices. Cookies may be used for a number of purposes, such as remembering the choices or preferences of a user on a website, supporting user login, or analyzing traffic to a website. Other technologies, including data stored on web browsers or devices, identifiers associated with a device, and other software, may also be used for similar purposes. We refer to all of these technologies as cookies . To learn more about how and where we use cookies across our Facebook products, read our Cookie Policy . Evolving Regulation Regulatory expectations on requirements for collecting and sharing personal data have continued to evolve and guidance from Data Protection Authorities have further clarified expectations around how cookies and online collection of personal data is obtained. This can be seen through European laws , such as General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Europe’s ePrivacy Directive. The ePrivacy Directive contains specific requirements governing the use of cookies and similar technologies (briefly summarized below). We strongly recommend that you familiarize yourself with these requirements and seek any specific legal guidance where necessary. Requirements You must obtain user consent before setting/reading cookies or other trackers for any purposes that are not strictly-necessary or otherwise exempt;You must provide the user with clear and comprehensive information about the use of cookies. The EU legislation is often supported by national regulatory guidance issued by Data Protection Authorities. These guidelines provide useful information as to how you can ensure you comply with the law. Some of the common expectations are highlighted in the next sections to follow, with a few examples of recent guidance that have been published at a national level. This list is not exhaustive. We recommend that you contact your local Data Protection Authority and/or Legal adviser for further details of any specific guidelines that may apply to you. Getting Valid Consent — General Principles The standard for securing valid consent under the EU legislation is high. For consent to be valid, it must be: Freely given — The user has a genuine choice. Specific and informed — You must explain who is using the cookies, the purposes for which cookies are being used, and that the individual has the right to easily withdraw consent at any time. Unambiguous and affirmative — The consent moment involves a clear and positive action, such as physically clicking on an opt-in box to indicate consent. You should consider carefully how you secure consent from a user to ensure that you meet the necessary requirements under EU law and to avoid the risk of consent being deemed invalid. How to Obtain Cookie Consent Cookie Banner with an “I agree” Button You need to decide what affirmative action a user must take to consent, such as clicking I agree in a banner or splash screen that includes specific information as described below. Consent should be requested prior to setting/using cookies that are not strictly necessary. You must communicate to users that by taking the relevant action, they are consenting. EU regulators’ cookie guidance contains useful advice on how to do this. Information to Include Websites and apps should display a clear, concise, and comprehensive statement upfront, with a link to their privacy or cookie notices for more detail. The link should be easily readable text and undisrupted by other features on the page. In your notice, you’ll need to decide how to include more information, such as: Accurate and specific information about the purposes for which you use cookies and similar technology, and their duration, in plain user-friendly languageAny additional information about the specific third-party technologies you use (if any), including Facebook, and the purpose of these technologiesInformation that explains how the user may reject non-necessary cookies, or to understand more information about the use of cookiesAny granular controls for non-essential cookies you or third-parties provide. There may be tradeoffs between being concise and specific: you may consider two layers of information.Consider an explanation within the cookie consent banner itself, linking to a fulsome explanation in a Learn More section or cookie policy. This is a commonly used practice to provide sufficiently clear information to users. Offering Options to Disable Cookies It is generally expected that it must be as easy to withdraw consent as to give in the first place. Provide your own control that disables the setting or reading of cookies that are not strictly necessary, including advertising-related cookies.For third-party plugins or pixels, provide access to the third parties' choice mechanisms, where available.Use an industry resource in your region that provides cookie choices, such as the tools provided by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) , The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) , and European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) . Consider the requirement that consent is demonstrable and review how you document and store consent received from users. The controls described above are not always considered sufficient by regulators; therefore, we recommend that you consult with your Legal team. Further, not all of these or other options will suit your needs. Your solution depends on the specifics of your website/app and how you use cookies or other storage technology. Help with Consent Functionality There are a number of vendors and industry tools that can help with consent functionality. For example, consider working with a Consent Management Platform (CMP) provider, such as OneTrust or TrustArc . This list is not exhaustive of all CMPs available, nor does adopting any of these CMP’s guarantee compliance. Once you select a solution that's right for you, we recommend seeking help from an experienced developer and Legal counsel. It's important to make sure the controls you provide work correctly. Learn More — Other Resources Examples of guidance on cookies and similar technology: We have also published resources to help businesses educate people about the data they collect: Products Programs Support News Terms and PoliciesWebsite Privacy Policy Last updated: May 28th, 2021 Website Privacy Policy defines major privacy principles that we apply to the information we collect on the Admixer websites. The purpose of the Website Privacy Policy is to inform the users about the types of data collected, how it is stored and processed, the purposes of its usage and sharing, as well as the ways the users can maintain their confidentiality. This policy will explain what cookies are, how we use them, and your rights in relation to our use of cookies. We’ll also discuss our third-party cookies and what they mean for you. Data and Personal Information Collection Data collection. We collect personal information ( your name, email, company’s name, skype name, phone number ) when you fill in the online form on this website. Data usage. We use collected information to reply to an application or a query, which you send to us via the online form on this website. We may use this information for marketing purposes. Information Dissemination. We do not pass your information to any third party. We may share this information with our subsidiaries, affiliate companies and providing partners, which conduct their business according to the Admixer policy (e.g. emailing services and CRMs) exclusively for saving this data. Such providers are authorized to use your information only to provide services to Admixer. We reserve the right to disclose or share your personal information according to the laws, on consolidation, merger, purchase or selling of assets, as well as in the case of protecting our rights and/or in court or according to a court’s order. In the case of new owners, you will receive an email and notification on our website on the current usage of your personal information and the possible ways of how it may be used further. We may also disclose your information for your protection, protection of other people, investigation of fraud activities, or on enquiry of the state. We may also share your personal information with third parties with your consent. Third-party websites. Our website may contain links to third-party websites whose privacy policies may differ from that of Admixer. If you provide personal information on those websites, it will be used according to the privacy policies of those websites. We strongly recommend reading a declaration of consent on each website you visit attentively. Access right. On your enquiry, Admixer will provide information on whether we will store any of your data. You can check, change, or ask to delete your personal information by sending an email with a respective request to support@admixer.net . We will contact you after the request is processed. Data Management We will provide you with an option to access your non-personal information that we have; change or delete it. You can restrict the collection and usage of your information with the opt-out mechanism anytime. We do not use information provided to us for purposes other than those it was intended for without your consent. According to GDPR, we provide users from EEA with a mechanism that will allow them to access their information; download or delete it. Data Security All information is stored according to common protection standards. We use several data centers with high-level security for data storage and processing. All data is transferred anonymously and encrypted. We store your information as long as your account in our system is active or a period of time sufficient for providing you with our services. We store your information according to our obligations to the law, including dispute resolutions and delivery of our agreements. Information is usually aggregated and deleted within 30-60 days but may remain in databases of the Admixer products up to 180 days from the collection date before aggregation and deletion. Contact us for information about how we use your personal data If you have any questions about how we use your personal data or if you have a concern about how your personal data is used, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Admixer EU GmbH, Graf-Luckner-Höhe 37, ESSEN, NORDRHEIN-WESTFALEN, 45239, GERMANY. Or, email dpo@admixer.net Non-Personal Information Collection and Usage We use mechanisms of creating posts on social networks. If you click Share, the companies that own social networks may find out your IP-address, what page of our website you visited, as well as use cookies when you connect to their services. Your engagement with those services is regulated by the privacy policies of the respective companies. To find out more about the cookie files used on those websites, check their privacy policies below: Facebook: facebook.com/about/privacy/ LinkedIn: linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Twitter: twitter.com/privacy Slideshare: slideshare.net/privacy Automatic data collection. Like most websites, we collect some data automatically.This data includes IP-addresses, types of browser, the Internet provider’s name, information on the page from which the user came to the website, and on the page from which the user left it; information on the content checked on our website (HTML-pages, graphic materials, etc.); information on the operating system, date and time, and other information for analysis and website administrating. Cookies. We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. What are cookies? Cookies are small files that are placed on your device to store information. Specifically, cookies are small strings of code used to store information that may concern you, your behavior on the web, your preferences, or your device. Cookies are mainly used to adapt the operation of the Website to your expectations, offering a more personalized browsing experience and memorizing the choices you made previously. There are various types of cookies. Cookies do not record or store any personal data from your device. How do we use cookies? Technical cookies are necessary and help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies; therefore, it is not possible to refuse them. These cookies are essential for our websites and services to perform basic functions and are necessary for us to operate certain features. These include those required to allow registered users to authenticate and perform account-related functions, store preferences set by users such as account name, language, and location, and ensure our services are operating properly. We use session cookies to keep track of how you browse on your visits to the Website. Temporary session cookies are mostly used to keep track of what you do from page to page, such as with online shopping, keeping track of what is in your cart. Advertising cookies are set by our advertising partners and us to provide you with relevant content and to understand that content’s effectiveness. They may be used to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites to predict your preferences and to display more relevant advertisements to you. These cookies also allow a profile to be built about you and your interests and enable personalized ads to be shown to you based on your profile. We use Third-party cookies and additional tracking technologies such as Facebook pixels and multilingual plugin Polylang to optimize performance by collecting information on how users interact with our websites, including which pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data. We use these details to improve how our websites function and to understand how users interact with them. We do not process this information in any way to identify you but rather to understand usage trends on our Website. How to turn off cookies? You can turn off our session, advertising, and third-party cookies by managing your Cookie Preferences You can also block cookies by changing the setting on your browser, which allows you to block cookies. If you use your browser settings to block all cookies, including our required cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. To find out how to manage cookies on your browser, you can visit: Google Chrome, support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416 MicrosoftEdge, support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd Mozilla Firefox, support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences Microsoft Internet Explorer, support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d Opera, help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/ Apple Safari, support.apple.com/en-gb/safari Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Worldwide Traffic Admixer .DSP Admixer .ATS Admixer Header Bidding Previous Next Keep up with adtech updates Unidentified users have very limited access to anything around the web. User identification is an essential step to providing a safe and secure... © Admixer, 2023 This website uses cookies to improve your experience Admixer uses cookies to improve your user experience on our website and provide relevant content and functionality. We also use cookies to show relevant ads to you and analyze our traffic statistics.Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Cookie Policy GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview Please see our Privacy Policy page . Strictly Necessary Cookies Obligatory Settings Cookie wp-settings-time-1 WordPress uses this cookie to customize your view of the admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. This persistent cookie is used to customize the user's view. Duration: 1 year Test Cookie wordpress_test_cookie WordPress sets a test cookie (wordpress_test_cookie) for every visitor to check if the browser accepts cookies. More cookies are only set if the user logs in or if a plugin or theme is used that sets cookies for any other purposes. Duration: session Users Roles wam_assigned_roles[Х] Keep track of the user's role. Not used if you are a normal web user. Duration: session PHP Serialized State Data Cookie PHPSESSID The PHPSESSID cookie is native to PHP and enables websites to store serialized state data. On the Action website, it is used to establish a user session and to pass state data via a temporary cookie, which is commonly referred to as a session cookie. Duration: session Log In Cookie wordpress_logged_in_[Х] This session cookie indicates when you are logged in, and who you are, for most interface use. Not used if you are a normal web user. Duration: session User View Cookie wp-settings-1 This session cookie is used to customize the user's view. Not used if you are a normal web user. Duration: session Polylang Cookie pll_language Used to to define the language during browsing and to store language settings https://polylang.pro/privacy-policy/ Duration: 1 year Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party Cookies Google Analytics User ID Cookie _gid Used to identify unique users. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Duration: 24 hours Google Analytics Pageview Cookie _ga Used to count and track pageviews. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Duration: 2 years Google Adsense Cookie _gcl_au This cookie is used by Google Adsense to conduct experiments to test the effectiveness of advertisements on various websites that use the services of this service. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Duration: 8 weeks Leadfeeder Cookie _lfa Used to store and track audience reach. The cookie is set for the website domain only, Leadfeeder does not use 3rd party cookies. https://www.leadfeeder.com/privacy/ https://www.leadfeeder.com/leadfeeder-and-gdpr Duration: 2 years LinkedIn Cookie Facebook Cookie _fbp Used to store and track visits across websites. https://developers.facebook.com/docs/privacy/ Duration: 3 months Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Cookie Policy Please see our Privacy Policy page .Privacy Notice Leadfeeder Privacy Notice. On this page, we’ll cover: Related articles: Overview This document is in effect since the beginning of August 2019. This Privacy Notice details what information we collect about you, how we use it and what are your rights and choices. In this document “Leadfeeder” refers to Dealfront Finland Oy which is a Finnish limited company (company ID 2457101-9). By “Service” we mean the Leadfeeder service as detailed by our Terms and Conditions . User Data We collect information from our Service users and visitors to our website. The information is collected in order to provide the Service. More information is available below in this section How are we using the data . User-provided information From users who sign-in to our Service we collect the following information: Email address Required in order to sign in to the Service Name Optional Phone number Optional Country Optional Team role Optional Billing and payment information Required for premium subscriptions Messages with our support and sales Required for customer support. We retain in-app chat and email messages between you and our staff User information from integrated tools Required if integrations enabled. CRM and chat tool user names and details Automatically collected information If you are visiting our websites or accessing our applications, we collect the following information provided by your browser or mobile device: Pages accessedTime of visitTime of last visitName of the owner of the IP addressReverse domain of the IP addressReferring site, application, or service, including the relevant search queries that led you to Leadfeeder’s websiteBrowser informationOperating system and device informationIP address (from users signing in to the service, for security purposes) Cookies and tracking We use cookies on our websites and applications. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site or service provider's systems to recognize your browser, capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site and application traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experience and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. Cookies are also used to store current session/login information for the Service. Read more about use of cookies and tracking from our cookies and tracking documentation . Open settings to adjust the cookies used on our website. How are we using the data We use User Data: To provide the Service. We use User Data in delivery, maintenance and enhancement of the Service, to provide support and to prevent or address technical or security issues. To communicate with you We may send you service-related messages and notifications. These include notifications that are part of the service. You can fully control what and when to receive these types of notifications. We also send administrative messages regarding your Leadfeeder subscriptions, technical status updates and other related notifications. We may also send you messages or call you regarding new product features and helpful tips on using the product and to offer training and support. You can opt-out from such messages and calls at any time. For payments and billing We collect payment and billing data from Leadfeeder Premium customers for fulfilment of payments for the Service. For improvement of the Service and analytics To help improve the Service, our website and to develop new features and functionality we collect and analyse usage information. Processing User Data for analytics purposes is done in aggregated or anonymised form. Legal basis We process User Data only where: Processing User Data is necessary for providing the Service.Processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.Processing is in legitimate interests of Leadfeeder, but not in conflict of our users' rights. Your rights If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or other promotional messages, you can opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included on such messages. You can request a copy, correction or deletion of your personal data by emailing privacy@leadfeeder.com . We will respond to your request within 30 days. You can object to our processing of your personal data at any time. For any requests or concerns, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@leadfeeder.com . If you are unsatisfied with the response you have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority. Security At Leadfeeder, we take security seriously, and implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your data.You can read more about security practises in our dedicated and up-to-date security documentation . Location We store our data in Amazon Web Services (https://aws.amazon.com) data centres in the USA and Ireland. As the data is transferred to outside the EU, we need to make sure that the data recipients are bound by data privacy responsibilities as stringent as those in force in the EU. To ensure this, we have an EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses agreement in place with Amazon Web Services, as a part of our Data Processing Agreement with them. Sharing and Disclosure We do not share or disclose information to third parties except in the following situations: User instructions or consent Information may be disclosed to third-parties if we are explicitly instructed to do so by the user, or by user consent. Third-party service providers We may engage third-party companies service providers or business partners to process our data and to support our business. These include for example server and hosting providers, payment processors and customer service and management tools. We ensure that these third parties process your data with utmost care and in accordance with the privacy legislation. An up-to-date list of our processors is available on request from privacy@leadfeeder.com . Change of ownership We may disclose User Data to allow a change of ownership of Leadfeeder (including, but not limited to, an acquisition by or merger with another company) and related transfer of all such information to the new owner, in which case any information remains protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Legal obligations We may disclose personal data if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process. Enforcement of our rights, prevention of fraud, and for safety We also may disclose personal information in order to: protect Leadfeeder from fraud, abuse or other criminal activityprotect Leadfeeder rights and property against third-party allegations and claimsenforce our contracts and policiesprotect rights and safety of others Data Retention We keep your data as long as you remain as a Leadfeeder User. You can request your user account to be removed by contacting us at privacy@leadfeeder.com . After removal, your data is kept for 7 days in our system backups. For legal reasons we have to retain certain information for a longer period. This includes such information as billing and payments data. Compliance EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) As an EU based company with thousands of customers in the EU, we are committed to EU General Data Protection Regulation. You can read about our GDPR compliance here . Information Regarding Children and Youth We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Changes to this Privacy Notice We will notify Leadfeeder users of any non-trivial changes to this Privacy Notice via email. Data Protection Authority Finnish Data Protection Authority: Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman https://tietosuoja.fi/en/contact-information Contacting us Please feel free to contact us if you have questions regarding our privacy, this notice or practises. You can email us at privacy@leadfeeder.com . To contact our Data Protection Officer, email at dpo@leadfeeder.com . Our mailing address is: Dealfront Finland Oy/ Leadfeeder Keskuskatu 6 E 00100 Helsinki FINLAND Generate quality leads from website traffic Identify. Qualify. Connect. Product Resources Company We're Hiring Other Compare Product Resources Company We're Hiring Other Compare Identify. Qualify. Connect. About cookies on this site Cookies are categorized with a description of their purpose below. You can turn categories of cookies on or off at your discretion. When cookies that have previously been allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser. Necessary cookies Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled. Preferences Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme. Analytical cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them.When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser. Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration. Necessary cookies Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled. intercom-session- .leadfeeder.com 7 days This is an anonymous visitor identification cookie. intercom-id- .leadfeeder.com 270 days, 1 hour Used to keep track of sessions, logins, and conversations. lf_is_user .leadfeeder.com 1000 days Used to authenticate the logged in user in the leadfeeder application. lf_userid .leadfeeder.com 1000 days Used to authenticate logged in user. cookiehub .leadfeeder.com CookieHub 365 days Used to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site. JSESSIONID www.glassdoor.com 6 hours General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites with JavaServer Pages (JSP). The cookie is usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. __cf_bm .glassdoor.com Cloudflare, Inc. 1 hour The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption. intercom-device-id-bidodql1 .leadfeeder.com 270 days, 1 hour Preferences Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme. AWSALB www.glassdoor.com 7 days Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual. AWSALBCORS www.glassdoor.com 7 days Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual. Analytical cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. _ga .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 730 days Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions. _gid .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 1 day Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions. _dc_gtm_ .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 1 hour Used to throttle request rate, if Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager. _lfa .leadfeeder.com Leadfeeder 365 days Used to set a unique identifier to separate different visitors. _gat_ .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 1 hour Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate (limit the collection of data on high traffic sites) YSC .youtube.com Google Advertising Products Session This cookie is set by YouTube video service on pages with YouTube embedded videos to track views. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE .youtube.com Google Advertising Products 180 days A cookie that YouTube sets that measures your bandwidth to determine whether you get the new player interface or the old. _lfa_consent .leadfeeder.com Leadfeeder 365 days _ga_ .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 730 days Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics 4 to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions. ln_or www.leadfeeder.com 1 day Used by LinkedIn to determine if Oribi analytics can be carried out on a specific domain MUID .bing.com Microsoft 390 days Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking. _lfa www.leadfeeder.com Leadfeeder 365 days Used to set a unique identifier to separate different visitors. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. _fbp .leadfeeder.com Facebook 90 days Used to store and track visits across websites. prism_* prism.app-us1.com 730 days Used to store and track interaction.AnalyticsSyncHistory .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 30 days Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries bcookie .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 365 days Browser Identifier cookie to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform. bscookie .www.linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 365 days Used for remembering that a logged in user is verified by two factor authentication. lang .linkedin.com Session Used to remember a user's language setting to ensure LinkedIn.com displays in the language selected by the user in their settings. li_gc .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 180 days Used to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes. lidc .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 1 day To facilitate data center selection NID .google.com Google Advertising Products 180 days Used for these purposes to show Google ads in Google services for signed-out users. UserMatchHistory .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 30 days LinkedIn Ads ID syncing. test_cookie .doubleclick.net Google Advertising Products 1 hour Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies IDE .doubleclick.net Google Advertising Products 390 days Used by Google's DoubleClick to serve targeted advertisements that are relevant to users across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to users based on previous visits to a website. These cookies measure the conversion rate of ads presented to the user. _gcl_au .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 90 days Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data. _fbp .dealfront.com Facebook 366 days Used to store and track visits across websites. _uetsid .leadfeeder.com Microsoft 1 day This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site. _uetvid .leadfeeder.com Microsoft 390 days Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing. _uetvid .dealfront.com Microsoft 366 days Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing. Other cookies The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time. prism_610010136 prism.app-us1.com 30 days prism_610010136 .leadfeeder.com 30 days GSESSIONID www.glassdoor.com 2 hours cass www.glassdoor.com 2 hours gdId www.glassdoor.com 3650 days trs www.glassdoor.com 365 days gdsid www.glassdoor.com 6 hours asst www.glassdoor.com 1 hour alr www.glassdoor.com 1 hour tcfc .leadfeeder.com 3650 days _cfuvid .glassdoor.com Session tcfc .dealfront.com 366 days slireg www.leadfeeder.com 7 days sliguid www.leadfeeder.com 365 days slirequested www.leadfeeder.com 365 daysPrivacy policy This Privacy Policy applies to user data collected, stored, or processed by Admixer (“we,” “us,” “our”) for providing the ad-serving services. Сarrying out such activities, we comply with the legal provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), and data protection provisions of other regions where Admixer services are in use. For Admixer, the protection of personal data is very serious and we strictly comply with the data privacy laws. Users’ data is processed by Admixer EU GmbH (Graf-Luckner-Höhe 37, ESSEN, NORDRHEIN-WESTFALEN, 45239, GERMANY) (service provider and data controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation). Our services are intended for the general public and not for children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from users who are considered children under their respective national laws. This document also applies to technologies that we embed within the framework of our ad-serving services on third-party resources (websites and applications) through which we receive the information. What is personal information? According to Art.4 No. 1 GDPR, personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, therefore can be used to obtain personal or factual details about the data subject (such as name, address, telephone number, date of birth or e-mail address). Information that cannot (directly or indirectly) be associated with a natural person (or only with disproportionate effort), for example, anonymous information, is not personal information. We specialize in displaying ads that are relevant to users. For maximum ad relevance, we use collected data about devices, sessions and resources used by users, as well as information about interaction with advertising creatives. We only use anonymized identifiers for these purposes – cookies and mobile advertising IDs. What are cookies? Cookies are small files that are placed on your browser to store information. Cookies are mainly used to adapt the operation of the website to your expectations, offering a more personalized browsing experience and memorizing the choices you made previously. There are various types of cookies. Cookies do not record or store any personal data from your device. Technical cookies are necessary and help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies; therefore, it is not possible to refuse them. Preference cookies are used to keep track of your most preferable settings of websites. Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistic cookies are used by analytical services to track and analyze users’ engagements with online sources in order to improve their services. Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Advertising cookies are set by us or our advertising partners and us to provide you with relevant ads and to understand that content’s effectiveness. They may be used to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites to predict your preferences and to display more relevant advertisements to you. These types of cookies also enables showing of remarketing ads (advertising of brands whose sites you visited) Admixer partners’ cookies As a part of advertising eco-system Admixer fulfill delivery of ads provided by our direct advertisers and external partners. In case of third-party ad delivery advertising cookies of these parties could be used in accordance with our partners’ policies. Google advertising cookies. How Google uses cookies in advertising: Working with Google and its partners, Google may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited). Google stores a record of the ads Google serves in their logs. These server logs typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Google stores this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve services and to maintain the security of systems. Google anonymizes this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months). We use Google services and share information with Google.See more detail about the types of cookies used by Google and partners and how they use them: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en-US See more detail about how Google uses information and how you can control the information: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en What data do we collect and process We process the information through our programmatic platform on behalf of our clients and under their instructions specified in our contractual agreements (Art. 28 (3), GDPR). The information we collect serves, among other things, to analyze the use of a website in reference to advertising space, visibility measurement of advertising, and fraud analysis. Data is collected by using our services: General device information (type of device, device model, device manufacturer)User-Agent information (operating system, browser)Connection information (IP-address, carrier)Approximate geographic location (country, region, city) derived from IP-address or based on information received from resourceSession information (website or application visited) We also collect information about the advertisements that have been served. Information about the ads can contain: the details of the ad delivered (e.g. advertiser’s name, type of advert, etc);the website or the app where the ad was delivered;your interaction with the ad (i.e. whether you clicked, hid, muted or otherwise interacted with the ad);whether you performed certain actions after clicking on the ad (e.g. downloading an application, making a purchase, etc). This allows us to show advertising that is more relevant to you. We do not at any point collect contact information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information, or anything else that can allow us or our clients to contact you directly. There is no way for us to know who you are. We only collect data from our trusted data partners and do not collect data from public sources. Collection and processing of user data can be carried out by us only if the necessary permission (consent) was obtained in accordance with the privacy laws of the relevant region where the user is located. Users can change their preferences at any time as set out in this Policy below. How we use data Admixer uses collected information for online marketing purposes throughout its programmatic platform. In detail, we use the information to predict users’ interests and preferences for interest-based advertising: enable advertisers to customize ads according to users online behavior;enable brands to target users that visited their websites (remarketing);determine how users respond to certain ads and change advertising to them accordingly,enable cross-device targeting in order to serve or measure advertising on related devicesreport aggregated statistics regarding, for example, the effectiveness of digital advertising campaigns andprovide, operate, manage, maintain, and enhance the programmatic platform. The collected data is used for the following purposes: Information storage and access The storage of information or access to information that is already stored on your device such as advertising identifiers, device identifiers, cookies, and similar technologies. Personalisation The collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising for you in other contexts, such as on other websites or apps, over time. Typically, the content of the site or app is used to make inferences about your interests, which inform future selection of advertising. Ad selection, delivery, reporting The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver advertisements for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads, processing data about what advertisements were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action related to the advertisement, including for example clicking an ad or making a purchase. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time. Measurement The performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with can be measured. This does not include personalisation. Legal basis Our legal basis for collecting and processing the information described above will depend on the information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and process it. We collect and process information from you only where we have your consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. a) GDPR), where we need the information to provide our contractual obligation to you (Art. 6 (1) lit.b) GDPR) or where we have a legitimate interest to do so. We also process the information described above through our programmatic platform on behalf of our clients and under their instructions specified in our contractual agreements (Art. 28 (3) GDPR). The legal bases for the processing of your data could be our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR, e. g. our business interests in improving our services so that we can better understand your needs and expectations and thus improve the services we provide; to prevent fraud and to ensure that websites are used completely and without any fraudulent behaviour; to ensure and guarantee the security of our services, making sure that our offer is technically secure and properly functioning; to ensure and enforce our contractual requirements and claims. Legal reasons in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. c) GDPR, if the collection, storage, transfer, or other processing of data is prescribed by law or processing, is necessary to fulfill our legal obligations. In the event that data is processed for a purpose other than the one specified during data collection, a compatibility check takes place in accordance with Sec 6. (4) GDPR. Further processing is only permitted if the original purpose is compatible with the new purpose or is permitted based on a separate legal basis. Recognised compatible purposes include the assertion, exercise, and defence of civil claims unless the data subject has an overriding interest. In this case, we will inform you about the change in purpose. If the new purpose is incompatible with the purpose stated during collection, the new collection will take place based on a new legal basis. Again, we will inform you about the change of purpose in this case. If you wish to learn more about specific legal ground(s) we rely on to process your information for any particular purpose (including any legitimate interests we have to process information), then please contact us using the details provided below. Data Sharing We provide insights to our advertisers and publishers in the form of aggregated data. This does not include any individual personal data. Non-aggregated data may be stored by third parties such as data-centers and hosting providers who provide their services on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use the information we provide only as necessary to provide these services to us. Additionally, we work with external data processors, to which we provide certain data in order to provide our services. In order to adapt the selection of advertisements to be displayed to your interests and evaluate them, we use cookies and other similar technologies in the advertising content, over which we collect anonymised data about you, if you have surfed the respective third-party website or have interacted with the advertising displayed, e.g. your IP address. We also use technologies that third parties provide us with for these purposes. In this case, the respective third-party provider receives information about you. You will find more information on data protection and how these companies process your data for each service on the websites from the companies mentioned: Click here to find a list of these service providers. Children’s Information We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal data about children under 13. Data Security The security of your information is important to us. Admixer has implemented security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we collect, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent such loss, misuse, to you or any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration. International Data Transfer Our servers are currently located in the European Union, United States, and Singapore [12] . Your personal data may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For any transfers out of the EEA, we will put in place appropriate safeguards in accordance with European law, such as executing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal data, which require all companies to protect the personal data that they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers, and partners and further details can be provided upon request.Your Data Protection Rights You have the following data protection rights: If you wish to access, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided below.In addition, if you are subject to European Data Protection Regulation, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided below. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Your California privacy rights Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are residents of California, you may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclose such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out below and specify that you are making a “Request for California privacy information.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year. Supporting the IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework We fully support the IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework and can work with our partners to implement that framework. Our company is also listed on the https://iabeurope.eu/vendor-list/ We are fully committed to being GDPR compliant and working with our partners to support their GDPR compliance efforts now and in the future. OPT-OUT of your data processing If you do not want you to be processed by a programmatic platform, click here and we will make sure the information is deleted. After pressing the button, the selection of ads will be carried out without taking into account the actions you take on the Internet. Please note that by opting out, you still will receive advertising when you visit any websites. Other Companies The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of interest-based advertising from other companies that participate in industry self-regulation. You can access these websites, and learn more about interest-based advertising, at www.youronlinechoices.com at www.aboutads.info/choices and at www.networkadvertising.org/choices Mobile Opt-Out If you are using a mobile device, you may be able to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising through your device settings. We provide the following descriptions solely for informational purposes. For additional information and up to date methods of opting out, you should consult your device settings and instructions provided by device manufacturers. Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of our behaviorally targeted advertising services by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON’. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> About -> Advertising and toggling Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON’. Our platform is designed to respect your choice and not use the information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON. Again, you should consult Apple’s support web pages and instructions for the most current applicable settings. Opting Out on Android Devices If you have an Android device and would like to opt-out of our behaviorally targeted advertising services, you may do this as follows: Open the Google Settings app on your deviceSelect AdsEither “Reset advertising ID” orOpt-out of interest-based ads Our platform is likewise designed to respect these choices transmitted by your Android device. Again, however, please consult Google’s settings and instructions for the most current settings information. Changes to the Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes here.Contact us for information about how we use your personal data If you have any questions about how we use your personal data or if you have a concern about how your personal data is used, please contact the Data Protection Officer at Admixer EU GmbH, Graf-Luckner-Höhe 37, ESSEN, NORDRHEIN-WESTFALEN, 45239, GERMANY. Or, email dpo@admixer.net Complaints will be dealt with by the Data Protection Officer and will be responded to within 30 days. Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more Worldwide Traffic Admixer .DSP Admixer .ATS Admixer Header Bidding Previous Next Keep up with adtech updates Unidentified users have very limited access to anything around the web. User identification is an essential step to providing a safe and secure... © Admixer, 2023 This website uses cookies to improve your experience Admixer uses cookies to improve your user experience on our website and provide relevant content and functionality. We also use cookies to show relevant ads to you and analyze our traffic statistics. Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Banner Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Cookie Policy GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview Please see our Privacy Policy page . Strictly Necessary Cookies Obligatory Settings Cookie wp-settings-time-1 WordPress uses this cookie to customize your view of the admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. This persistent cookie is used to customize the user's view. Duration: 1 year Test Cookie wordpress_test_cookie WordPress sets a test cookie (wordpress_test_cookie) for every visitor to check if the browser accepts cookies. More cookies are only set if the user logs in or if a plugin or theme is used that sets cookies for any other purposes. Duration: session Users Roles wam_assigned_roles[Х] Keep track of the user's role. Not used if you are a normal web user. Duration: session PHP Serialized State Data Cookie PHPSESSID The PHPSESSID cookie is native to PHP and enables websites to store serialized state data. On the Action website, it is used to establish a user session and to pass state data via a temporary cookie, which is commonly referred to as a session cookie. Duration: session Log In Cookie wordpress_logged_in_[Х] This session cookie indicates when you are logged in, and who you are, for most interface use. Not used if you are a normal web user. Duration: session User View Cookie wp-settings-1 This session cookie is used to customize the user's view. Not used if you are a normal web user. Duration: session Polylang Cookie pll_language Used to to define the language during browsing and to store language settings https://polylang.pro/privacy-policy/ Duration: 1 year Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party Cookies Google Analytics User ID Cookie _gid Used to identify unique users. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Duration: 24 hours Google Analytics Pageview Cookie _ga Used to count and track pageviews. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Duration: 2 years Google Adsense Cookie _gcl_au This cookie is used by Google Adsense to conduct experiments to test the effectiveness of advertisements on various websites that use the services of this service. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US Duration: 8 weeks Leadfeeder Cookie _lfa Used to store and track audience reach. The cookie is set for the website domain only, Leadfeeder does not use 3rd party cookies. https://www.leadfeeder.com/privacy/ https://www.leadfeeder.com/leadfeeder-and-gdpr Duration: 2 years LinkedIn Cookie Facebook Cookie _fbp Used to store and track visits across websites. https://developers.facebook.com/docs/privacy/ Duration: 3 months Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Cookie Policy Please see our Privacy Policy page .Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: