We value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. We value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. What does Adobe do with your personal information? Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites: What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information? Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents: Questions? Contact us . Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Chat with usAdditional US State Privacy Rights Last updated: April 20, 2023 What does this page cover? Some states in the US have passed state specific privacy laws. This page supplements our Privacy Policy by explaining your privacy rights if you are a resident in one of these states, provides certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of personal information, and includes: Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia: If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, we have certain obligations, and you have certain rights with respect to your personal information, including: Right to confirm whether the controller is processing the consumer’s personal information and the right to access such informationRight to correct inaccuracies in personal informationRight to delete personal informationRight of data portabilityRight to opt out from targeted advertisingRight to opt out from the sale of personal information In certain states, you also have the right to opt out from profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on the consumer (such as Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut) and appeal a decision regarding a request to exercise your rights. If you wish to exercise one or more of these rights, please review the “ What rights do I have regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these? ” section in the Adobe Privacy Policy. If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising or the sale of personal information please see the instructions below. California In addition to the information described in our Privacy Policy , the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2021) (“CCPA”) also requires us to provide California consumers with some additional information related to how Adobe collects, uses, retains, and discloses personal information as well as describe additional rights, which are summarized below. California Privacy Policy Disclosures We collect, use, disclose, sell, share, and retain personal information as further described in our Privacy Policy and summarized below. Personal Information We Collect: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information, each as further described in our Privacy Policy: Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction informationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic Information, which may include characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as military or veteran status, age, sex, or genderAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred InformationBiometric InformationSensitive Personal Information, which may include:Government ID. Government identification such as state identification information Account access information. Information such as account log-in in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to your Adobe accountPrecise geolocation data. Data derived from a device and that is used or intended to be used to locate you within a geographic area that is equal to or less than the area of a circle with a radius of 1,850 feetSensitive demographic data. Information you provide to us, such as racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs or information about sex life or sexual orientation Contents of communications.Contents of your mail, email, and text messages, where Adobe is not the intended recipient, for example if you send personal communications to Adobe personnelBiometric information for identification, including biometric information used for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumerHealth data, such as your dietary restrictions or preferences, health or other accommodations necessary for you to attend an Adobe-sponsored or managed event Sources of Personal Information We Collect: We collect personal information from the following categories of sources, which are more fully described in our Privacy Policy : Personal information you provide directly to us, such as on a form, via a browser or mobile-based chat session, via email or telephone, etc.Personal information we automatically or programmatically collect or generate from your access to and use of Adobe websites, products, or servicesPersonal information we infer or generate from your access to and use of Adobe’s websites, products, or services, such as your approximate location (such as your IP address), likely preferences or other characteristics Personal information we obtain or receive from other sources, including:Data brokers and aggregators from which we obtain information to supplement the personal information we collect.Third party partners, such as third-party applications and services including social networks you choose to connect or interact with through our servicesCo-branding or marketing partners, such as companies with which we offer co-branded services or events, or engage in joint marketing activities Service providers that collect or provide data in connection with the work they do on our behalfPublicly available sources, such as open government databases. Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We use the personal information we collect for purposes further described in our Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we use personal information for the following purposes: Purposes of Use Categories of Personal Information Product and service delivery. To provide and deliver our services, including troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing those services. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Biometric Information Sensitive Personal Information Business operations. To operate our business, such as billing, accounting, payment processing, improve our internal operations, secure our systems and physical spaces, authenticate or validate your identity, detect fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, and meet our legal obligations. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Sensitive Personal Information Product improvement, analysis, development, and research To improve and develop new services or features, diagnose issues, analyze your use and measure effectiveness of our Services and Software to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users, and conduct research. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Biometric Information Sensitive Personal Information Personalization. To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services and Software. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Customer support.To provide customer support and respond to your questions. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Communications. To send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Marketing. To communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our services and those of our selected partners (see the Your Privacy Choices section of our Privacy Center for how to change your preferences for promotional communications) Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Advertising. To display advertising to you (see the Cookies section of the privacy center for information about personalized advertising and your advertising choices). Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Event Planning and Management. To register you for events, tailor programming to your likely interests, validate your identity, provide accommodations for specific needs upon request, and provide a secure environment for our events. Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred InformationBiometric InformationSensitive Personal Information We combine data we collect from different sources for these purposes and to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose in the Preceding 12 Months: Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction informationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Sensitive Personal Information For more information on the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information and the specific business or commercial purposes for such disclosures, please review the “Does Adobe disclose my personal information” section of our Privacy Policy. Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared in the Preceding 12 Months: Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared Categories of Third-Party Recipients Purpose for Disclosure Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Social Medial Platforms Advertisers, Ad Agencies, Advertising Networks and Platforms, Advertising Related Technology Providers Cross Context Behavioral Advertising Identifiers and Contact InformationCommercial and Transaction InformationProfessional, Education, or other Demographic InformationAnalytics or other Electronic Network ActivityInferred Information Retailers, Sales Partners Partner marketing of Adobe Software and Services to business customers Device Identifiers Device Co-op Members Device Co-op (a service which enabled participating brands to deliver a more consistent and personalized experience across devices and apps. (This service has been discontinued.) Sensitive Personal Information. Adobe uses and discloses sensitive personal information for the limited purposes permitted under CCPA and not for the purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer. Retention and Deletion. Please review the “ How long does Adobe retain my information ” section of our Privacy Policy for more information about how long Adobe retains personal information. California Privacy Rights California consumers have certain rights with respect to their personal information. These rights include the following: 1. Right to opt out of “selling” or “sharing” certain Personal Information You have a right to opt out from future “sales” or “sharing” of personal information. CCPA requires us to describe the categories of personal information we sell to or share with third parties and how to opt out of future sales or sharing. The CCPA defines personal information to include internet or other electronic network activity information which includes identifiers, such as IP addresses, cookies IDs, and mobile IDs.The law also defines a “sale” or “share” broadly to include simply making data available to third parties in some cases. To opt out of sharing and selling for purposes of cross context behavioral advertising you can: Review your preferences and opt out of advertising cookies and other technologies used for browser based cross context behavioral advertising. Note that you will need to opt out from each browser that you use to access Adobe websites and apps. Cookie settings Opt out of the sale or sharing of customer record information for cross context behavioral advertising and partner marketing Opt-out Adobe websites recognize the Global Privacy Control available in some web browsers. If your browser is configured to send this signal, Adobe will opt you out of Adobe’s use of advertising cookies on that browser. You can learn more about Adobe’s advertising practices and your privacy choices here . Further, using these choices will not stop all interest-based advertising, such as contextual-based ads. 2. Right to Know or Request Categories of Personal Information You have a right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information such as a list of the categories of personal information collected about you, and other related information such as the source of the information, categories of information shared or sold to third parties, and the purpose for such sharing. Adobe has provided this information in the Privacy Policy . 3. Right to Correct. You have a right to request correction of inaccurate personal information. 4. Right to Request Deletion. You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to certain exceptions. 5. Right to Designate an Authorized Agent. You may designate an authorized agent to exercise some of your rights; however, in order to help protect the security of your personal information, the authorized agent must follow the same authentication procedures that are required if you exercise your rights without using an agent. Adobe will verify requests made through authorized agents to help ensure the safety of your account and to comply with our policies and procedures. 6. Right against Discrimination. You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights set out in the CCPA. 7. Right to Notice. You have a right to receive notice of our practices at or before collection of personal information. Additional information on exercising your rights You have the right to exercise the rights listed above and in our Privacy Policy free of charge or penalty, but we may limit the number of requests you make or charge reasonable fees as legally permitted. You may exercise many of these rights yourself by adjusting your preferences as outlined on the Your Privacy Choices page, or you can get in touch with us by filling out a privacy inquiry form. Where you exercise your rights yourself, you will need to be logged on with your Adobe ID and password or on the browser of your device. When you make a request through the privacy inquiry form, your email address will be authenticated via an email verification code and will be matched with the Adobe ID you are inquiring about. Privacy Contact. Please see our Privacy Policy for details on how to contact Adobe if you have a privacy question, concern, or request. Consumer request metrics for calendar year 2022 Adobe believes transparency is critical to maintaining a trusted relationship with our consumers. To that end, Adobe is further enhancing our transparency with respect to the choices our consumers make regarding personal information. In this privacy transparency disclosure, we are providing metrics on certain requests we received from consumers across the United States during the 2022 calendar year, in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act. Requests to know: Adobe received 25 consumer requests to know personal information collected about them, complied with 25 of those requests in whole or in part, and denied 0 of those requests. Requests to delete: Adobe received 217,094 consumer requests to delete, complied with 217,094 of those requests in whole or in part, and denied 0 of those requests. Requests to opt out: Adobe received 5,543 requests to opt out of personal information “sales,” complied with 5,543 of those requests in whole or in part, and denied 0 of those requests. The mean number of days within which Adobe substantively responded to these requests in 2022 was 28 days. In the previous 12-months, Adobe Experience Cloud offered a separate service called the Device Co-op, which enabled participating brands to deliver a more consistent and personalized experience across devices and apps.When this service was available, Adobe provided a mechanism that enabled consumers to disconnect a device and opt out from the sale or sharing of their data related to this service. This service is no longer active. Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Do not sell or share my info Do not sell or share my info Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Locale Modalv2 We have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.com Chat with usAdobe Privacy Choices Last updated: December 5, 2022 To provide you with more relevant experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests, we collect information about you and how you engage with us and our business customers. Here is how you can control your information: For Adobe End Users For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud For Adobe End Users Your data. Your choices. Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe Tell us your Adobe marketing preferences by updating your Adobe ID profile . You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Adobe's marketing emails. Tell us your Behance marketing preferences by updating your account settings (under the “Notifications” tab) at Behance.net . You can also tell Behance to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance's marketing emails. Please note that even when you exercise these choices, you may still receive communications from Adobe in the form of “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations. For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or that someone has sent you a document using an Adobe app. Your use of Adobe applications and services We may collect information about how you use Adobe desktop products, mobile apps and services. Desktop Applications Usage information associated with your Adobe account Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. Usage information associated with your device Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your device to improve our products and services. Services Adobe web-based services Some Adobe web-based services use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage information to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our products and services, and in some cases, to tailor ads to your likely interests. To change your collection settings, click on the Cookies link at the bottom of the service’s website. Please note that you may have to repeat this process for each Adobe web-based service that collects usage data. Experience Cloud service usage data You have the option to share information with Adobe about how you use our Experience Cloud services. You can change your preference at any time here . Mobile Applications Data Collection Some of our mobile apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account or device to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. To change your collection settings, go to the app’s settings panel that refers to mobile app usage data collection. Please note that you will have to repeat this process for each Adobe mobile app that collects usage data. Machine learning analysis on your content Adobe analyzes your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our products and services. This analysis may occur as the content is uploaded, sent, received, or stored using Adobe servers. Learn more about how this works, including how to opt out in your account preferences. Adobe website preferences Adobe uses cookies and similar technologies to analyze your use of Adobe websites so that we can improve them and tailor websites, communications, and ads to your likely interests. Choose your preferences for cookies and similar technologies: Cookie settings If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Adobe ads on other companies' websites, but they will not be based on your use of Adobe’s apps and websites. Note about cookie-based preferences: Many of the privacy preferences described on this page work by placing a cookie on your browser. Therefore, your browser must be configured to accept cookies for your preference to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change web browsers, you will need to set your preferences again. Interest-based ads Adobe complies with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related DAA guidance. For more information about interest-based ads and to opt out for all companies who are members of those groups, please see: For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services The Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services (Audience Manager and Ad Cloud) enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their digital properties and marketing messages.These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites. These services also allow these companies to provide you more relevant advertising within their websites, apps, emails, text messages, direct mail offers and push notifications. Opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services Opt-out Important note: You will see a confirmation message that you have been opted out when clicking the button above. Future visits to this page will not display your opted out choice even if you have not cleared out your cookies, but you are still opted out. Interest-based Advertising Settings You can also visit the sites below to opt out of interest-based ads for all companies who are members of those groups: To opt out of advertising solutions that tailor ads shown within mobile apps based on your likely interests, please either: Set the preference on your mobile device to limit ad tracking, orDownload the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app and configure it to opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions Please also review the privacy policies on the websites and mobile apps that you use because they may offer additional privacy choices. Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Locale Modalv2 We have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.com Chat with us