Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelAdvertising policy This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by Moloco Inc. (“Moloco,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) through our demand-side platform services that we offer to advertiser clients (“Advertising Services”). ABOUT MOLOCO Moloco provides a demand-side platform that allows buyers of digital advertising inventory (i.e., advertisements displayed in mobile applications) to achieve their mobile marketing goals through user acquisition and retargeting. How it works When a mobile application wants to provide in-app advertisements, it can work with ad exchanges and/or supply side platforms to reach potential advertisers. To do this, the mobile application will share certain device level data with the ad exchanges and/or supply side platforms when someone is using its mobile application and it wants to show them an advertisement. The ad exchanges and/or supply side platforms then make this device level information available to demand-side platforms in the form of “bid requests” (i.e., a request to bid on displaying an advertisement to the mobile app user). Once a demand-side platform (e.g., Moloco) receives a bid request, it will help its advertiser clients decide how much to bid on displaying an advertisement based on a variety of factors. Moloco determines this using various machine learning techniques. For example, we may use the event data provided to us by our advertiser clients (described below) to build lookalike targeting models that help our advertiser clients show advertisements to other mobile app users who are similar to their existing user base. Using these insights allows us to help advertiser clients decide which mobile app users to target and how much to spend on advertisements. Whenever our advertiser client has the highest bid to display an advertisement, it will win the bid request and the mobile app user will see its advertisement. Personal information we collect A Quick Note: Before we describe the types of information collected by the Advertising Services, it is important to understand that all information processed by the Advertising Services is solely at the device level and cannot, by itself, be used to identify a natural person in the real world. However, certain privacy and data protection laws still consider this device level data to be “personal information” which is why we use this terminology in our Privacy Notice. Below are the types of information collected by the Advertising Services: Event data Moloco’s advertiser clients often provide us with device level data that they have collected about users of their mobile applications. This information provides insight into the activities that the users have engaged in on the advertiser client’s mobile application. Moloco uses this information to create models that help the advertiser client determine what sort of users it should target with advertisements online and how much it should spend on advertisements. Moloco is a “processor” or “service provider” of event data and may only use this data in accordance with our advertiser client’s written instructions. Bid request data. When Moloco receives a bid-request from an ad exchange or a supply side platform, we collect device level data contained in the bid-request which may include: Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID);Device make, model and operating system;Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery, device memory usage;Carrier;Operating system;Name, properties, and other user info of mobile application through which a device interacts with the Advertising Services;Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);City- and/or country-level geolocation data; Network connection type and speed;IP Address; andInternet browser user-agent used to access the Advertising Services. Impression data. When an advertiser client wins a bid and has its advertisement displayed to the mobile app user, Moloco collects information related to this transaction including the Advertising ID (IDFA/GAID) which was shown the ad.How we use personal information We use personal information for a variety of business purposes, including: Providing the Advertising Services;Developing machine learning models;Serving tailored ads on behalf of our advertiser clients;Measuring the performance of and optimizing advertising campaigns on behalf of our clients;Analyzing trends;Deriving insights;Pursuing legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention, frequency capping, research and development (including marketing research), and network and information security;Generating de-identified and/or aggregated data;Improving the Advertiser Services; Developing new products and services;Ensuring internal quality control and safety;Enforcing our agreements;Complying with our legal obligations; andAs you otherwise consent.‍ Disclosing your information to third parties We may share personal information with the following categories of third parties: Advertiser clients If we deliver an advertisement to a mobile application user on behalf of an advertiser client, we may share information related to that transaction with our advertiser client and/or its mobile measurement partners. Your personal information may be subject to the advertiser client’s and/or its mobile measurement partner’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the advertiser client’s or the mobile measurement partner’s processing of your personal information. Service providers We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers that help us provide the Advertising Services. Affiliates We may share personal information with Moloco’s affiliated entities. Disclosures to protect us or others We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. International data transfers All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, Belgium, Taiwan, the United States, or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Your choices Personalized Advertisements. You may limit ad tracking in mobile application environments by following the instructions for Android , iOS and others . For the most effective and up-to-date limit ad tracking methods, you should consult instructions provided by your device manufacturer. Your privacy rights In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. Please note that because we are unable to authenticate any individuals whose device level data we receive from ad exchanges and/or supply side platforms, we are unable to fulfill such requests. In addition, we are not able to fulfill requests we receive where we act as a “processor” or “service provider” of personal information as our advertiser clients are the “controller” or “business” of this information and responsible for managing these requests.Data retention We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Advertising Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. SUPPLEMENTAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Moloco, in its capacity as a business, has collected about them and whether Moloco disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below: Category of Personal Information Collected by Moloco IdentifiersCommercial informationInternet or other electronic network activityInferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer Categories of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose Service providers The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above. “Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, Moloco does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Children's information The Advertising Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you by posting an updating notice online. CONTACT US If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Attn: Privacy GroupMoloco Inc.601 Marshall St., 5th FloorRedwood City, CA 94063 Solutions Products All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | Brand Safety Policy | Advertising Policy | Your Privacy Choices Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelMoloco's privacy policy Moloco Inc Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by Moloco Inc. (“Moloco,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) through our website http://www.moloco.com/ and related Moloco offerings. To make this Privacy Notice easier to read, our website and related offerings are collectively called the “Services.” An Important Note: Except as otherwise stated, this Privacy Notice does not apply to any of the personal information that Moloco’s products or services process, including Moloco’s demand-side platform offering. For details about the personal information Moloco processes via its demand-side platform, please visit the Moloco Demand-Side Platform Privacy Notice . Personal information we collect The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services.‍ Information you provide to us: ‍‍ Account information. If you create an account with Moloco, we will collect personal information such as your name and email address in order to provision your account.‍‍ Your communications with us . We collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about or a demo of our products and services, sign up for marketing from us, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us. Surveys . We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information. Interactive features . We may offer interactive features such as blogs and social media pages. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes. Conferences, trade shows, and other events. We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Moloco. If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected. Business development and strategic partnerships. We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities. ‍ Job applications. We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment with Moloco. ‍ Information collected automatically Automatic data collection. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, mobile carrier, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Services.Cookies, pixel tags/web beacons, and analytics information.We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your device that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Cookies . Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly. Pixel Tags/Web Beacons . A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Analytics . We may process analytics information on our Services, including through the use of Technologies.For more information about our use of cookies and other Technologies, please visit our Cookie Policy . Information from Other Sources We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from third party services and organizations. How we use your information We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including: To Provide the Services or Information Requested, such as: Fulfilling our contract with you;Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;Allowing you to register for events;Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; andAnswering requests for customer or technical support. Administrative Purposes, such as: Pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;Improving the Services;Developing new products and services;Ensuring internal quality control and safety;Authenticating and verifying individual identities;Carrying out audits;Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Notice changes; Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;Enforcing our agreements; andComplying with our legal obligations. Marketing our products and services. We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below. Consent . We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. How we use cookies and other technologies . For more information about how we use cookies and other Technologies, please visit our Cookie Policy . Use of de-identified and aggregated information . We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. Share content with friends or colleagues . Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Disclosing your information to third parties We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Moloco customers. If you access our Services as an authorized user of one of Moloco’s customers, the Moloco customer may access information associated with your use of the Services including usage data and the contents of the communications and files associated with your account. Your personal information may also be subject to the Moloco customer’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the Moloco customer’s processing of your personal information. Service providers. We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services. Business partners. We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. Affiliates. We may share personal information with Moloco’s affiliated entities. Advertising partners. Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks.This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in our Cookie Policy . Disclosures to protect us or others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. International data transfers All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Your choices General. You may be able to opt out of certain uses of your personal information. Email communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Notice). “Do Not Track”. Do Not Track (“ DNT ”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. Your privacy rights In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. Data retention We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. SUPPLEMENTAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA ”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Moloco has collected about them and whether Moloco disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below: Category of personal information collected by Moloco IdentifiersPersonal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)Commercial informationInternet or other electronic network activityProfessional or employment-related informationInferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer Categories of third parties personal information is disclosed to for a business purpose Service providersAdvertising networks The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above.“Sales” of personal information under the CCPA For purposes of the CCPA, Moloco does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Additional privacy rights for California residents Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Authorized agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below. Verification . When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address associated with any personal information we have about you. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Security of your information We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure. By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an email to you. Third party websites/applications The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third party websites or applications is at your own risk. Children's information The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect. CONTACT US If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Attn: Privacy Group Moloco Inc.601 Marshall St, 5th FloorRedwood City, CA 94063 Solutions Products All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | Brand Safety Policy | Advertising Policy | Your Privacy Choices Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch.If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label