Search Open main menu Menu Close Hello. Let’s optimise your website experience. You’re currently on our website for: English We think you might prefer: English (United Kingdom) English (Ireland) French German Italian Spanish Privacy Policy Who We Are Onclusive Inc, Kantar Reputation Intelligence and PRgloo Ltd (“Group Companies”) are owned by holding companies in turn owned by investment affiliates of STG Partners, 1300 El Camino Real, Suite 300. Menlo Park, CA 94025. All Group Companies adhere to the terms laid out below. All Group Companies adhere to the policies laid out below.. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the collection of personal information by Group Companies (alternatively “Company,” “we,” “us”, or “our”) from users (“you”, “your”, “customer”) at our websites at www.onclusive.com along with our related Group websites, networks, applications, platforms, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed (collectively, our “Service” or “Services”). This Privacy Policy also describes our use and disclosure of such information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into our Terms and Conditions of Use of our websites. For the purposes of EU and United Kingdom data protection laws (“Data Protection Legislation“), each Group Company is a data controller (i.e., the company that is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal information). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will use it. By accepting this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use, you agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the following contact information: This privacy policy will explain how Group Companies use the personal data we collect from you when you use our websites. Topics: What data do we collect?How do we collect your data?How will we use your data?How do we store your data?MarketingWhat are your data protection rights? What data do we collect? Our Company collects the following data: Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)Information you provide us directly. We collect personal information that you provide when you sign up, enter your information into online forms, or otherwise use the website and the services. We use this personal information in a variety of ways, and this personal information includes the following:When you create an account on the Service, sign up for our mailing lists, provide feedback, or otherwise communicate with us, we may collect contact and business information from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, mailing address, one or more phone numbers and the company name with which you are associated with; When you order or use the Services, we will collect the information necessary to complete the transaction, including your first name, last name, credit card and/or bank account information, and billing address;When you submit a form, we may collect additional profile information, for example, information about your business, other products, and services you use, etc.;We also collect other types of personal information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as if you contact us via our website regarding customer support or other questions regarding the Services. Automatically collected informationWhen you use our Service, some information is collected automatically and is not provided directly by you. For example, when you access our Service, we automatically collect your browser’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type, the nature of the device from which you are visiting the Service (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, the web site that you visited immediately prior to accessing our Service, the actions you take on our Service, and the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on our Service. We also may collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. We may collect this information passively in our server logs. We may also collect information passively using technologies such as cookies and clear GIFs (also known as “Web beacons”) as described in our “Cookies Policy” which forms Part of this Privacy Policy. We use passively collected information to administer, operate, personalize, and improve our Service and systems, to improve the effectiveness of advertising on our Service, and to provide advertisements and other content that is tailored to you.If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with personal information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form. We may collect personal information when our monitoring feature conducts searches on the internet for news stories, articles, press releases and other content and we collect the contact information for journalists, public relations agency staff, or other authors. Through your use of the Service, we require that analytics code be installed on the customer website to enable the integration of the customer website with our Services, and to enable us to collect usage analytics, including the previous page visiting and tracking data associated with customer website views. Information Collected from You About Others.If you decide to invite a third party to create an account with the Service, we will collect you and the third party’s first name, last name and email addresses in order to send an invitational email to, and follow up with, the third party. You should ensure that you know the third party and they are expecting this invitation. In any case, you and/or the third party may contact us at claire.melly@kantar.com to request the removal of this information from our databases. We may receive information about you, including personal information, from third parties, to increase the accuracy of the personal information you have provided us directly. Additionally, if you provide your personal information by entering it on our Site, for example when opening a case with our customer support team, we may use publicly available information from other websites, for example, your social networking profile photo, to augment your personal information to provide a more personalized service. We treat this combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy. Collection and processing of sensitive information: The Service does not collect or process ‘sensitive information’, defined as data consisting of racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. As such, you should not provide any such information as part of your user profile, as part of any correspondence, or by any other means with your use of the Service. How will we use your data? To facilitate the creation of your account with the Service, to secure and personalize your interaction with the Service, and to provide the Services you have requested;To send you a welcome email to verify ownership of the email address provided when your account was created with the Service;To send you administrative email notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;We may also use the personal information you provide to contact you regarding your use of the Service or to solicit feedback; When you communicate with us using one of the methods described in this Privacy Policy, we may also keep a record of the time and date of any correspondence, and also organize this correspondence in one or more of an electronic filing system, an email system or a customer relationship management system;We link this personal information to data about the way you use our Service and the pages you visit to help enhance, improve, operate, and maintain our Service, our platforms, websites, and other systems; To prevent fraudulent use of our Service and other systems; To prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in violation of our Terms and Conditions or applicable law;We may also use the personal information you provide for direct marketing of our Services to you. We allow you to opt-out from receiving marketing communications from us as described in the “Communication choices” section below, and at the time you sign up and create an account with the Service.Even if you opt-out, we may continue to send you administrative emails, including, for example, periodic updates to this Privacy Policy; Our monitoring feature may collect personal information from news stories, articles, press releases or other content on the internet, and we may use this information for the legitimate business purposes of contacting data subjects directly or providing this personal information to our customers for their own purposes;To display personalized or targeted content to you, and to display targeted advertising on third party websites;For internal product development purposes to develop new products and services, and to improve existing ones; To respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities with us, or other general inquiries. Legal basis for processing in the EU and the United Kingdom If you are resident in the EU or the United Kingdom, we need to inform you about the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information. In the EU and the United Kingdom, the purposes for which we process your personal information are: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you for the Service;For the purposes of legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; Where you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes; and Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation in the EU and the United Kingdom. The legal basis depends on the category of personal data being processed, and the purpose for that processing. The following table indicates each category of personal data we process, and the legal bases we rely on to do so. Where legitimate interest has been used as the legal basis for processing, the specific legitimate interest we use has been described. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal basis we are relying on to process your personal data where one or more legal bases has been indicated. Category of Personal Data Legal Basis for Processing Contact and account information The performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract; Our legitimate interests, namely, administering the Service, for marketing purposes and communicating with users. Your consent to authorize the processing of your personal information in Third Countries. Online Inquiries and Correspondence Legitimate interest, namely for marketing purposes and to respond to inquiries. Your consent to authorize the processing of your personal information in Third Countries. Contact information for journalists, public relations agency staff, or other authors Legitimate interest, namely to help our customers understand the effectiveness of their PR campaigns and other marketing. Employee candidate information Legitimate interest, namely for considering your application for employment with us. Your consent to authorize the processing of your personal information in Third Countries. How do we store your data? We securely store your data. We only ever retain personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data. When we obtain personal information about you, we may process and store the information outside of the country in which you are located, including in the United States. The countries in which we process the information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you are located. If you are using the Site or Services from the European Union (“EU”), the United Kingdom, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU, the United Kingdom, and other regions, and by providing your personal data you permit the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy. For the purposes of Data Protection Legislation, countries that are deemed to not provide adequate protection are referred to as third countries (“Third Countries”) in this Privacy Policy. You consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States and other countries.The GDPR provides different tools to frame data transfers from the EU to a third country: sometimes, a third country may be declared as offering an adequate level of protection through a European Commission decision (‘Adequacy Decision’), meaning that data can be transferred with another company in that third country without the data exporter being required to provide further safeguards or being subject to additional conditions. In other words, the transfers to an ‘adequate’ third country will be comparable to a transmission of data within the EU.in the absence of an Adequacy Decision, a transfer can take place through the provision of appropriate safeguards and on condition that enforceable rights and effective legal remedies are available for individuals. Such appropriate safeguards include: in the case of a group of undertakings, or groups of companies engaged in a joint economic activity, companies can transfer personal data based on so-called binding corporate rules;contractual arrangements with the recipient of the personal data, using, for example, the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission;adherence to a code of conduct or certification mechanism together with obtaining binding and enforceable commitments from the recipient to apply the appropriate safeguards to protect the transferred data. finally, if a transfer of personal data is envisaged to a third country that isn’t the subject of an Adequacy Decision and if appropriate safeguards are absent, a transfer can be made based on a number of derogations for specific situations for example, where an individual has explicitly consented to the proposed transfer after having been provided with all necessary information about the risks associated with the transfer. Marketing We would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out later by unsubscribing from the link in any email communications. What are your data protection rights? We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access – You have the right to request us for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request us to complete the information you believe is incomplete. The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: What we do How we do it ©2023 Onclusive, Inc. All rights reserved. Manage consent Close Privacy Overview Necessary Always Enabled __cf_bm 30 minutes This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. BIGipServerab43web-nginx-app_https session Performance Cookie. It does not store any personal data. cli_user_preference 12 months The cookie is used to store the yes/no selection the consent given for cookie usage. It does not store any personal data. cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement 1 year Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category . cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".CookieLawInfoConsent 12 months The cookie is used to store the summary of the consent given for cookie usage. It does not store any personal data. mmgeo_cookie 1 year Allows user to change site language viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. analytics _ga 2 years The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors. _ga_0RQS2NJN3C 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. Pardot 12 months Pardot tracking