Last Updated: December 20, 2019 Hulu, LLC (“Hulu,” “we” or “us”) respects your privacy. This privacy policy (the “Policy”) explains the collection, use, and sharing of information from or about you, including personal information, in connection with your use of the Career Sites as well as offline in connection with your application for a job, position or internship with Hulu. We also include information in this Policy about how we collect, use, and share your information if we hire or engage you and you become a Hulu employee or contractor. The term “Career Sites” refers to any Hulu websites and properties where we accept or solicit job applications or post information about Hulu jobs, positions, or internships, as well as any other websites and properties where this Policy is posted. Please note that the Career Sites may source information from or link to other sites and properties owned or operated by other companies, and Hulu does not notify you when you have chosen to click through to another such website or property. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of such other websites or properties. By viewing any content or otherwise using the Career Sites, you consent to the collection and use of information from or about you as explained in this Policy. If you do not consent to the collection and use of information from or about you in accordance with this Policy, then you may not use the Career Sites. 1. Information We Collect We may collect the following information from you in connection with your application: Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other contact information;Username and password for the Career Sites;Work authorization status and related documentation, including related to immigration status;Information in your CV, résumé, and cover letter, including previous work experience, education, skills, and professional licenses, permits, and certifications;Information relating to criminal background checks, education, or other screenings; If disclosed, any special needs or health conditions and information relating to accommodations that you may request; andOther information in connection with your application (e.g., references, employment preferences, willingness to relocate, desired salary, awards, professional memberships). If we hire you or extend you a job offer, we may collect additional information from you related to your employment: Information necessary to process payroll, tax, or general personnel administration (e.g., Social Security and other government-issued numbers, financial account numbers);Information related to your benefit entitlements (e.g., pension schemes, healthcare, life insurance, related schemes), including information about your marital status and beneficiaries;Gender, race, or ethnic origin for purposes of complying with applicable laws;Contact details for arranging medical attention and other emergencies; Voicemails, e-mails, correspondence, documents, and other work product created, stored or transmitted using Hulu’s networks, applications, devices, or computers; Information submitted as part of performance evaluations, including your self-evaluation; Photographs and audio or video recordings of you (e.g., as part of your attendance in meetings); andAny other information you choose to provide to us related to your employment, job function, and performance. Information you submit through the Careers Sites must be true, complete, and not misleading. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action including immediate termination of employment. In addition, it is your responsibility to ensure that information you submit does not violate any third party’s rights. If you provide us with personal information of a reference or any other individual as part of your application, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that individual prior to providing the information to us. Data Collected from Cookies and Similar Technologies. We may collect information from and about the browser or device you’re using and information about your internet or other electronic network activity, including through analytics tools and the technologies described below. This information may include your IP address, device type, browser and software characteristics (such as type and operating system), geolocation data, referral URLs, and other unique identifiers, including those associated with browser cookies. Like many online services, we use various technologies to collect usage data and store preferences. These technologies are discussed below. Cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk. We may use cookies and similar technologies to better understand how you interact with the Careers Sites.You can instruct your browser by changing its settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Please note that disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies may interfere with the performance and features of the Career Sites, including not being able to store your preferences or saved jobs. Web Beacons, Pixels, and Mobile SDKs. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies such as web beacons or pixel tags, which can be embedded, for example, in web pages to collect certain types of information from your browser or device, check whether you have viewed a particular web page, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the page, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the page was viewed. We may also use or work with third parties including our business partners and service providers who use mobile Software Development Kits (“SDKs”) to collect information, such as information related to how mobile devices interact with the Career Sites. There is currently no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means and how to respond to “Do Not Track” browser signals. As such, we do not respond to such signals. Information from Other Source. In addition to collecting information you provide to us, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as from your references in connection with your application, as permitted by applicable law. If you choose to apply through a social profile, we may also collect information you have authorized the social platform to share with us (such as your resume). Sensitive Information. In certain cases, we will ask you about race/ethnic origin, gender, and disability for the monitoring of equal opportunity compliance. We also inquire about criminal records, where permitted by applicable law. If we hire you or extend you a job offer, we may also collect information related to benefit entitlements and marital status, as described above. We may process such data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim by us, with your explicit consent, or where necessary for the purpose of carrying out our obligations and for the exercising of our rights or your rights in the context of employment or social security law. Except as specifically requested or legally required, we ask that you avoid submitting information which may qualify as sensitive information under applicable law. Sensitive personal data includes personal information regarding your racial or ethnic origin; your political opinions, religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature; whether you are a member of a trade union; data regarding your physical or mental health or condition; your sexual orientation; and data regarding the commission or alleged commission of any criminal offense. 2. Use of Information The information that you submit on the Careers Sites will be used to consider your application for the specific position(s) you applied for including to: (a) process and review your job application (including the receipt and review of your application, to verify information you provide, and to check your references); (b) assess your capabilities, qualifications, and suitability for a job; (c) respond to your inquiries and communicate with you about your application, and (d) keep records relating to our hiring process. If you fail to provide the required information, we may be unable to consider your employment application. If we hire you, personal information we collect in connection with your application also may be used to pre-populate some fields in our human resources system. As an employee or contractor of Hulu, your information may be used to: (i) administer payroll and benefit entitlements, including visas and work permits; (ii) arrange corporate travel and other reimbursable expenses; (iii) administer training and management programs; (iv) monitor, analyze, and evaluate performance, including for disciplinary purposes; (v) manage and send employee communications; (vi) conduct internal investigation and process employment-related actions or claims (e.g., worker compensation, insurance claims, termination); (vii) protect the safety and security of our workforce, guests, and property, including to monitor activity on our premises and activity using our networks, applications, devices, or computers; (viii) comply with legal process and requirements; and (ix) carry out any other employment-related purpose in accordance with applicable law. Any such information may become part of your employee file and will be subject to our internal policies. 3.Sharing of Information We may share your information with employees of Hulu with a need to know the information for the purposes described in this Policy, including in the recruiting, human resources, legal and information technology departments, and in the department responsible for the position(s) for which you are applying or for which you are being considered. We may also share your information with our third-party service providers, who provide services such as hosting and operating the Careers Sites, recruiting assistance, work authorization, background checks, processing, and similar services. In some instances, we may disclose information from or about you without providing you a choice. For example, we may disclose your information in the following ways: to protect the legal rights of Hulu and our affiliates or partners; to protect the safety and security of users of the Career Sites or third parties; to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect against fraud; and to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required. If we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or otherwise might be involved in a change of control transaction, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer information from or about you to one or more third parties as part of the transaction, including the due diligence process. 4. Changes to this Policy From time to time, we may revise this Policy to reflect changes in the law or the Career Sites or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check the date posted at the top of the Policy each time you visit the Career Sites or use any of the Career Sites to ensure you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices. 5. Your California Privacy Rights We collect the following categories of personal information from or about you, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and as described in more detail above: identifiers (such as your name and email);other personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records provision (such as your address);characteristics about you (such as your age and gender);internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your activity on and interactions with the Career Sites);geolocation data;audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; professional or employment-related information; education information; andinferences drawn from any of the above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. We use and disclose personal information collected from or about you for the purposes described in this Policy. 6. Contact Us If you have questions or requests, please feel free to contact us at or by mail at: privacy@hulu.com .Privacy Policy 1. INTRODUCTION 1.1 Welcome to the Garena Services run by Garena Online Private Limited and its affiliates and related corporations (individually and collectively, "Garena", "we", "us" or "our"). Garena takes its responsibilities under applicable privacy laws and regulations ("Privacy Laws") seriously and is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of our Garena games (“Games”), website, and mobile applications (the "Site") (we refer to the Games, Site and the other services referred to in our Terms of Service collectively as the "Services"). Users refers to a user who registers for an account or who otherwise uses or accesses the Services (individually and collectively, “users”, “you” or “your”). We recognize the importance of the personal data you have entrusted to us and believe that it is our responsibility to properly manage, protect and process your personal data. This policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and/or process the personal data you have provided to us and/or possess about you, whether now or in the future, as well as to assist you in making an informed decision before providing us with any of your personal data. Capitalised terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the Garena Terms of Service. 1.1.1 For users who are from South Korea and/or accessing the Games from South Korea, please access the Privacy Policy here 1.2 "Personal Data" or "personal data" means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which an organisation has or is likely to have access. Common examples of personal data could include name, identification number, and contact information. 1.3 By using the Services, registering for an account with us or visiting our Site, you acknowledge and agree that you accept the practices, requirements, and/or policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent to us collecting, using, disclosing and/or processing your personal data as described herein. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES OR ACCESS OUR GAMES OR SITE. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will notify you including by posting those changes or the amended Privacy Policy on the Site. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, your continued use of the Services or Site, including making any purchases or orders, shall constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes made to this Privacy Policy. 1.4 This Policy applies in conjunction with other notices, contractual clauses, consent clauses that apply in relation to the collection, storage, use, disclosure and/or processing of your personal data by us and is not intended to override those notices or clauses unless we state expressly otherwise. 2. WHEN WILL GARENA COLLECT PERSONAL DATA? 2.1 We will/may collect personal data about you: • when you register and/or use our Services, Games or Site, or open an account with us; • when you submit any form, including, but not limited to, application forms or other forms relating to any of our products and services, whether online or by way of a physical form; • when you enter into any agreement or provide other documentation or information in respect of your interactions with us, or when you use our products and services; • when you interact with us, such as via telephone calls (which may be recorded), letters, fax, face-to-face meetings, social media platforms and emails , including when you interact with our customer service agents; • when you use our electronic services, or interact with us via our Games or Site or use our Services. This includes, without limitation, through cookies which we may deploy when you interact with our Games or Site; when you grant permissions on your device to share information with our mobile application or Site; when you link your Garena account with your Social Media Account (defined below) or other external account or use other social media features, in accordance with the provider’s policies; • when you carry out transactions through our Games or Site (where applicable) or with our authorized third-party payment service providers; • when you provide us with feedback or complaints; • when you register for a contest, for games or game specific events; • during your gameplay; and • when you submit your personal data to us for any reason. The above does not purport to be exhaustive and sets out some common instances of when personal data about you may be collected. 3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WILL GARENA COLLECT?3.1 The personal data that Garena may collect includes but is not limited to: • name, username and user ID; • contact information (including email address, telephone number, and/or address); • transaction information, including bank account and payment information where applicable and subject to applicable law; • chat and other information about the people and accounts you interact with; • gender, age, and/or date of birth; • information sent by or associated with the device(s) used to access our Services; • photographs or audio or video content that you submit via the Services; • location related information, including IP address; • government issued identification or other identification you share with us, where applicable; • marketing and communications data, such as your preferences in receiving marketing materials, your communication preferences and history of communications with us and our service providers; • survey responses. competition, contest or tournament related information, and/or other information you provide to us; • any other information about you provided when you sign up or use the Services, including information shared via any linked social media account (“Social Media Account”); and • usage and transaction data, including data on your activities, orders, use of the Services and the advertising and other content you engage with. 3.2 You agree not to submit any information to us which is inaccurate or misleading, and you agree to inform us of any inaccuracies or changes to such information. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right at our sole discretion to require further documentation to verify the information provided by you. 3.3 If you sign up to be a user of our Services using your Social Media Account, link your account to your Social Media Account or use any Garena social media features, we may access information about you which you have voluntarily provided to your Social Media Account provider in accordance with such provider's policies, and we will manage and use such personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy at all times. 3.4 If you do not want us to collect the aforementioned information/personal data, you may opt out at any time by notifying our Data Protection Officer in writing. Further information on opting out can be found in the section below entitled "How can you withdraw consent, remove, request access to or modify information you have provided to us?". Note, however, that opting out or withdrawing your consent for us to collect, use or process your personal data may affect your use of the Services. 4. COLLECTION OF OTHER DATA 4.1 As with most websites and mobile applications, your device sends information which may include data about you that gets logged by a web server when you use our Services. This typically includes without limitation your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, computer/mobile device operating system and browser type, type of mobile device, the characteristics of the mobile device, the unique device identifier (UDID) or mobile equipment identifier (MEID) for your mobile device, the address of a referring web site (if any), the pages you visit on our website and mobile applications and the times of visit, and sometimes a "cookie" (which can be disabled using your browser preferences) to help the site remember your last visit. If you are logged in, this information is associated with your personal account. The information is also included in anonymous statistics to allow us to understand how visitors use our Games and Site. 4.2 Our mobile applications may collect precise information about the location of your mobile device using technologies such as GPS, Wi-Fi, etc. We collect, use, disclose and/or process this information for one or more purposes including, without limitation, location-based services that you request or to deliver relevant content to you based on your location or to allow you to share your location to other Users as part of the services under our mobile applications. For most mobile devices, you are able to withdraw your permission for us to acquire this information on your location through your device settings. If you have questions about how to disable your mobile device's location services, please contact your mobile device service provider or the device manufacturer. 4.3 As when you view pages or content on our Site or mobile application, most of the same information is sent to us (including, without limitation, IP Address, information about your operating system, etc.); but, instead of page views, your device sends us information on the content, advertisement viewed and/or software installed and time. 5. COOKIES 5.1 We or our authorized service providers and advertising partners may from time to time implement "cookies" or other features to allow us or third parties to collect or share information in connection with your use of the Services.These features help us improve our Site, Games and the Services we offer, help us offer new services and features, and/or enable us and our advertising partners serve more relevant content to you, including through remarketing, subject to applicable law. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that record data about your computer or device, how and when the Services or websites are used or visited, by how many people and other activity within our Site and Games. We may link cookie information to personal data. Cookies may also link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase, pages you have viewed, or games you have played. Depending on the relevant Services, this information may be used to keep track of your shopping cart, to deliver content specific to your interests, to enable us or our third party advertising partners to serve advertisements through the Services or on sites across the internet, and to monitor usage of the Services. 5.2 You may refuse the use of cookies or web beacons by selecting the appropriate settings or adjusting your preferences on your browser or device. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site, Games or the Services. 5.3 You may also be able to opt out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for Android and iOS. 6. HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US? 6.1 We may collect, use, disclose and/or process your personal data for one or more of the following purposes: (a) to consider and/or process your application/transaction with us or your transactions or communications with third parties via the Services; (b) to manage, operate, provide and/or administer your use of and/or access to our Services, Site and Games (including, without limitation, your preferences), as well as your relationship and user account with us; (c) to respond to, process, deal with or complete a transaction and/or to fulfil your requests for certain products and services and notify you of service issues and unusual account actions; (d) to enforce our Terms of Service or any applicable end user license agreements; (e) to protect personal safety and the rights, property or safety of others; (f) for identification and/or verification; (g) to maintain and administer and improve any software updates and/or other updates, to support the Services, including to troubleshoot, report, or address any issues (e.g., to respond to errors or crash reports) that may be required from time to time to ensure the smooth running of the Games and/or our Services; (h) to deal with or facilitate customer service, carry out your instructions, deal with or respond to any enquiries given by (or purported to be given by) you or on your behalf; (i) to contact you or communicate with you via voice call, text message and/or fax message, email and/or postal mail or otherwise for the purposes of administering and/or managing your relationship with us or your use of our Services, such as but not limited to communicating administrative information to you relating to our Services. You acknowledge and agree that such communication by us could be by way of the mailing of correspondence, documents or notices to you, which could involve disclosure of certain personal data about you to bring about delivery of the same as well as on the external cover of envelopes/mail packages; (j) to allow other users to interact, communicate, or connect with you, including to inform you when another user has sent you a private message or posted a comment for you via the Games or Site; (k) to conduct research, analysis and development activities (including, but not limited to, data analytics, surveys, product and service development and/or profiling), to analyse how you use our Services, to improve our Services or products and/or to enhance your customer experience; (l) to allow for advertising and other audits and surveys (via offline and online surveys, including on third parties platforms (e.g. Google Forms), among other things, validate the size and composition of our target audience, and understand their experience with Garena’s Services; (m) for marketing and advertising for any marketing activities where permissible under applicable law, and in this regard, to recommend products and/or services relevant to your interests, to send you by various mediums and modes (including email or SMS) of communication marketing and promotional information and materials relating to products and/or services (including, without limitation, products and/or services of third parties whom Garena may collaborate or tie up with) that Garena (and/or its affiliates or related corporations) may be selling, marketing or promoting, whether such products or services exist now or are created in the future.You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing information at any time by using the unsubscribe function within the electronic marketing material. We may use your contact information to send newsletters or marketing materials from us and from our related companies; (n) to respond to legal processes or to comply with or as required by any applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements of any relevant jurisdiction, including, without limitation, meeting the requirements to make disclosure under the requirements of any law binding on Garena or on its related corporations or affiliates; (o) to produce statistics and research for internal and statutory reporting and/or record-keeping requirements; (p) to carry out due diligence or other screening activities (including, without limitation, background checks) in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations or our risk management procedures that may be required by law or that may have been put in place by us; (q) to audit our Services or Garena's business; (r) to prevent or investigate any actual or suspected violations of our Terms of Service, fraud, unlawful activity, omission or misconduct, whether relating to your use of our Services or any other matter arising from your relationship with us; (s) to store, host, back up (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) of your personal data, whether within or outside of your jurisdiction; (t) to deal with and/or facilitate a business asset transaction or a potential business asset transaction, where such transaction involves Garena as a participant or involves only a related corporation or affiliate of Garena as a participant or involves Garena and/or any one or more of Garena's related corporations or affiliates as participant(s), and there may be other third party organisations who are participants in such transaction. A “business asset transaction” refers to the purchase, sale, lease, merger, amalgamation or any other acquisition, disposal, transfer of or financing of an organisation or a portion of an organisation or of a portion of or all of any of the business, business activities, or assets of an organisation; and/or (u) to verify your qualification and/or to submit your application/request when you register for participation in the game specific contests, events or tournaments, and to give you rewards where applicable; and (v) other purposes which are permissible under applicable law and which we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent. (collectively, the “Purposes”). 6.2 You acknowledge, consent and agree that Garena may access, preserve and disclose your Account information and Content if required to do so by law or pursuant to an order of a court or by any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Garena or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) comply with a request from any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Garena, (c) enforce the Garena Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy; (d) respond to any threatened or actual claims asserted against Garena or other claim that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (e) respond to your requests for customer service; or (f) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Garena, its users and/or the public. 6.3 As the purposes for which we will/may collect, use, disclose or process your personal data depend on the circumstances at hand, such purpose may not appear above. However, we will notify you of such other purpose at the time of obtaining your consent, unless processing of the applicable data without your consent is permitted by the Privacy Laws. 7. HOW DOES GARENA PROTECT AND RETAIN CUSTOMER INFORMATION? 7.1 We implement a variety of security measures and operational controls, and we strive to ensure the security of your personal data on our systems. User personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. However, there can inevitably be no guarantee of absolute security. 7.2 We will retain personal data in accordance with the Privacy Laws and/or other applicable laws. That is, we will destroy or anonymize your personal data when we have reasonably determined that (i) the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such personal data; (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any legal or business purposes; and (iii) no other legitimate interest warrant further retention of such personal data. If you cease using our Services, or your permission to use the Site, Games and/or the Services is terminated or withdrawn, we may continue storing, using and/or disclosing your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our obligations under the Privacy Laws.Subject to applicable law, we may securely dispose of your personal data without prior notice to you. 8. DOES GARENA DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS FROM ITS VISITORS TO OUTSIDE PARTIES? 8.1 In conducting our business, we will/may need to disclose your personal data to our third party service providers, agents and/or our affiliates or related corporations, and/or other third parties, whether sited in Singapore or outside of Singapore, for one or more of the above-stated Purposes. Such third party service providers, agents and/or affiliates or related corporations and/or other third parties would be processing your personal data either on our behalf or otherwise, for one or more of the above-stated Purposes. Such third parties include, without limitation: • our subsidiaries, affiliates and related corporations; • other users of our Services in connection with your use of the Services and for one or more of the above-stated Purposes; • contractors, agents, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business. These include but are not limited to those which provide administrative or other services to us such as mailing houses, our game development partners, payment or financial services providers, advertising and marketing partners, telecommunication companies, game development partners, information technology companies, and data centres; • governmental or regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over Garena or as otherwise permitted under Section 6.2; • a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Garena’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, or transition of any of our Services, in which personal data held by Garena about our users is among the assets transferred; or to a counterparty in a business asset transaction that Garena or any of its affiliates or related corporations is involved in, including any entity which succeeds or to which we transfer the operation of any of our Services; and • third parties to whom disclosure by us is for one or more of the Purposes and such third parties would in turn be collecting and processing your personal data for one or more of the Purposes. 8.2 We may, among other things, disclose your gaming history and/or disclosing records showing which games were viewed or accessed by which IP addresses. We may also share statistical and demographic information about our users and their use of the Services with advertising partners and third party suppliers of advertisements, remarketing, and other programming subject to applicable law. 8.3 Additionally, you may elect to export your user activity feeds as RSS feeds which may be subscribed to by other users, which may include information regarding your game play, installation of games, connections with other users and other information about your account activity which is published as a feed on the Site or Games. 8.4 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Privacy Laws or other applicable laws permit an organisation such as us to collect, use or disclose your personal data without your consent, such permission granted by the laws shall continue to apply. 8.5 Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access personal data transmitted to or contained on the site, technologies may malfunction or not work as anticipated, or someone might access, abuse or misuse information through no fault of ours. We will nevertheless deploy reasonable security arrangements to protect your personal data as required by the Privacy Laws; however there can inevitably be no guarantee of absolute security such as but not limited to when unauthorised disclosure arises from malicious and sophisticated hacking by malcontents through no fault of ours. 9. INFORMATION ON CHILDREN 9.1 The Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain any personal data or non-personally-identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 nor is any part of our Site, Games or other Services directed to them. As a parent or legal guardian, please do not allow such children under your care to submit personal data to Garena and please also consult Garena’s Terms of Service for more information. In the event that personal data of a child under the age of 13 in your care is disclosed to Garena, you hereby consent to the processing of the child’s personal data and your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy on behalf of such child. In the event you do not in fact consent to the processing of the personal data of a child under the age of 13 in your care, please contact our Data Protection Officer.We will close any accounts used exclusively by such children and remove and/or delete any personal data that was submitted without parental consent by such child or as otherwise required by applicable law. 10. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES 10.1 Our Site and Games use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your device, to help the website analyse how users use our Services. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Services or device (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Services, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. 10.2 We, and third parties, may from time to time make software applications downloads available for your use on or through the Services. These applications may separately access, and allow a third party to view, your identifiable information, such as your name, your User ID, your device’s IP Address or other information such as what game you are playing during any given session, and any cookies that you may previously have installed or that were installed for you by a third party software application or website. Additionally, these applications may ask you to provide additional information directly to third parties. Third party products or services provided through these applications are not owned or controlled by Garena. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies published by such third parties on their websites or otherwise. 11. DISCLAIMER REGARDING SECURITY AND THIRD PARTY SITES 11.1 WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE ON THIRD PARTY SITES. We do implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal data that is in our possession or under our control. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the personal data confidential. When you place orders or access your personal data, we offer the use of a secure server. All personal data or sensitive information you supply is encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above. 11.2 In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may choose various third party websites to link to, and frame within, the Site or Games. We may also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our visitors. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies as well as security arrangements. Even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or third party web sites (even if offered on or through our Site or Games) may not be received by us. 11.3 We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content, security arrangements (or lack thereof) and activities of these linked sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and Games and the links placed upon each of them and therefore welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including, without limitation, if a specific link does not work). 12. WILL GARENA TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION OVERSEAS? 12.1 Your personal data and/or information may be transferred to, stored or processed outside of your country. Garena will only transfer your information overseas in accordance with Privacy Laws and this Policy. By accepting this Policy, you agree to the cross-border transfer of your information to any country where our affiliates, developers, servers and/or databases are located. In most cases, your personal data will be processed in Singapore, where our central database and servers are operated. Because different jurisdictions may have different data protection requirements, we take steps to implement adequate safeguards to protect your data. 12.2 If you are a user in India, your personal data will be processed and stored in our servers in India or Singapore. Garena will only transfer your information overseas in accordance with Privacy Laws, and you hereby consent to such transfer and processing.12.3 More information about the transfer out of the EU, of personal data and/or information relating to users who are located in the EU, can be found in the section titled "Additional Provisions for EU Users Only". 13. HOW CAN YOU WITHDRAW CONSENT, REQUEST ACCESS TO OR CORRECT INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US? 13.1 Withdrawing Consent 13.1.1 You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure and/or request deletion of your personal data in our possession or under our control by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer at dpo.sg@garena.com. We will process such requests in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our obligations under applicable Privacy Laws and other applicable law. 13.1.2 However, your withdrawal of consent and/or request to delete personal data in in our possession or control may mean that we will not be able to continue providing the Services to you, and we may need to terminate your existing relationship and/or the contract you have with us. 13.2 Requesting Access to, or Correction of Personal Data 13.2.1 If you have an account with us, you may personally access and/or correct your personal data currently in our possession or control through the Account Settings page or tab on the Site or Games. If you do not have an account with us, you may request to access and/or correct your personal data currently in our possession or control by submitting a written request to us. We will need enough information from you in order to ascertain your identity as well as the nature of your request so as to be able to deal with your request. Please submit your written request by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer. In addition, where required by law, we will take steps to inform any third parties who have received or used your Personal Data of such correction. 13.2.2 Where permitted under applicable law, we reserve the right to reject certain requests and/or may charge you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your requests to access your personal data. In such cases, we will inform you and will provide you with a written estimate of any applicable fees. Subject to applicable law, will provide you the requested personal data within a reasonable time after you pay the applicable fees. 13.2.3 Please submit your written request by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to only respond to data subject requests submitted in accordance with this Policy. 14. OTHER USER RIGHTS 14.1 Additional Provisions for EU USERS ONLY 14.1.1 The provisions in this Section only apply if you are a user who is located in the EU. These provisions take precedence over any inconsistent provisions in the remainder of this Privacy Policy. 14.1.2 Portability You have the right to obtain from us the Personal Data that you have previously provided to us, and which we process on the basis of your consent in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and a right to request that we transfer such Personal Data to another party. If you wish for us to transfer the Personal Data to another party, please ensure you detail that party and note that we can only do so where it is technically feasible. We are not responsible for the security of the Personal Data or its processing once received by the third party. We also may not provide you with certain Personal Data if providing it would interfere with another’s rights (e.g. where providing the Personal Data we hold about you would reveal information about another person). 14.1.3 Erasure You have the right to request that we erase the Personal Data we hold about you in the following circumstances: (a) you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold the Personal Data we hold about you; (b) we are processing the Personal Data we hold about you on the basis of your consent, and you wish to withdraw your consent and there is no other ground under which we can process the Personal Data; (c) we are processing the Personal Data we hold about you on the basis of our legitimate interest and you object to such processing. Please provide us with detail as to your reasoning so that we can assess whether there is an overriding interest for us to process and retain such Personal Data; (d) you no longer wish us to use the Personal Data we hold about you in order to send you promotions, special offers, marketing and lucky draws; and/or (e) you believe the Personal Data we hold about you is being unlawfully processed by us. Please provide as much detail as possible on your reasons for the request to assist us in determining whether you have a valid basis for erasure.However, we may retain the Personal Data if there are valid grounds under applicable law for us to do so (e.g., for the exercise or defense of legal claims, where we have a legal obligation or right to retain certain information, freedom of expression, etc.) but we will let you know if that is the case. Please note that after deleting the Personal Data, we may not be able to provide the same level of servicing to you as we will not be aware of your preferences and in some cases, our services may no longer be available to you. 14.1.4 Retention of Personal Data We may retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. If you make a request for erasure of your Personal Data and we determine that there is a valid basis for your request, we will endeavour to erase the Personal Data within 30 days of your request, or inform you if it will take longer. 14.1.5 Objection against Profiling and Targeted Marketing At any time you have the right to object to our processing of Personal Data about you in order to send you promotions, special offers and marketing messages, including where we build profiles for such purposes and we will stop processing the Personal Data for that purpose. Please provide as much detail as possible on your reasons for the request to assist us in determining whether you have a valid basis for objection. However, we may retain the Personal Data if there are valid grounds under law for us to do so. 14.1.6 Restriction of Processing to Storage Only You have a right to request that we restrict the processing of the Personal Data we hold about you to storage purposes only, where: (a) you believe the Personal Data is not accurate, for the period it takes for us to verify whether the Personal Data is accurate; (b) we wish to erase the Personal Data but you want us to just store it instead; (c) we wish to erase the Personal Data as it is no longer necessary for our purposes but you require it to be stored for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (d) you have objected to us processing Personal Data we hold about you on the basis of our legitimate interest and you wish us to stop processing the Personal Data whilst we determine whether there is an overriding interest in us processing and retaining such Personal Data. 14.1.7 Transfer of Personal Data outside the EU Your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the EU. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as appropriate contractual clauses to ensure that the recipients of such transfer protect and treat your Personal Data in accordance with all applicable personal data protection laws. 14.1.8 Information on Children The Services are not intended for children under the age of 16 who are located in the EU. We do not knowingly collect or maintain any personal data or non-personally-identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16 who is located in the EU, nor is any part of our Site, Games or other Services directed to children under the age of 16 who are located in the EU. We will close any accounts used exclusively by such children and will remove and/or delete any personal data we believe was submitted by any child under the age of 16 who is located in the EU. 14.2 Additional Notice for Users Whose Data is Subject to California Law 14.2.1. For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), we do not “sell” personal information and in the past twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy not sold any personal information of our users, as defined under the CCPA. The California “Shine the Light” law also gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. 14.2.2 The personal information that Garena collects, uses and/or discloses and has collected, used, and/or disclosed from users as set forth above in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy, may include personal information as defined under the CCPA, depending on how you have accessed the Site and interacted with us.14.2.3 In accordance with the CCPA or other applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of your personal information or ask us to send that information to another company; (iv) restrict our uses of your personal information, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, depending on applicable law; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; and (vi) request erasure of personal information held about you by Garena, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. 14.2.4 If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below by sending an email to our Personal Data Protection Officer. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may need to take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. If you are a California resident, you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your rights conferred by the CCPA. 15. QUESTIONS, CONCERNS OR COMPLAINTS? CONTACT US 15.1 If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo.sg@garena.com. 15.2 If you are a user in India, for any issues in relation to the collection and processing of your personal data, you may reach out to our Grievance Officer at grievance-officer@garena.com. The Grievance Officer will respond to your concerns and queries at the earliest and in compliance with applicable law. Last modified: 21 February 20232. PRIVACY 2.1 Your privacy is very important to us at Garena. To better protect your rights, we have provided the Garena Privacy Policy to explain our privacy practices in detail. Please review the Privacy Policy to understand how Garena collects and uses the information associated with your Account and/or your use of the Services. By accessing or using the Services or agreeing to these Terms of Service, you consent to Garena's collection, use, disclosure, processing and/or transfer of your Content and personal data as described in the Privacy Policy. 3. LIMITED LICENSE 3.1 Garena grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited right and license to install the Software and to access and/or use the Services, subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service and for personal use only. Under this license, you may, amongst others, use the Services to create, develop, modify, upload and share (with other Users) UGC as part of the Games. For avoidance of doubt, this license does not allow you to make any commercial use of the Services (including without limitation any of its individual elements, including but not limited to the Games, Software or Content). Garena reserves the right to terminate any of the licenses granted in these Terms of Service at any time and for any reason, without prior notice to you. All rights not expressly granted by Garena under these Terms of Service are hereby reserved by Garena. Any third-party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the Services, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such scripts or code, not by Garena. 3.2 You acknowledge and agree that all title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights connected with the Services (including but not limited to any derivative works, titles, computer code, objects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialogues, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, graphics, animation, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, text, screen displays, methods of operation, moral rights, “applets” incorporated in the Services, and any related documentation), with the exclusion of UGC (which are subject to and governed by Clause 12 below), are the property of Garena and where applicable, third party proprietors identified in the Services. 3.3 By using or accessing the Services you agree to comply with the copyright, trademark, service mark, and all other applicable laws that protect the Services and its Content. You agree not to copy, distribute, republish, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, modify, adapt, rent, sell, or create derivative works of any portion of the Services or its Content. You also may not, without our prior written consent, mirror or frame any part or whole of the Services on any other server or as part of any other website. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider or any other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy our Content, without our prior written consent (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search websites to direct Internet users to this website). 3.4 You are welcome to link to the Site from your website, provided that your website does not imply any endorsement by or association with Garena. You acknowledge that Garena may, in its sole discretion and at any time, discontinue providing any part of the Services without notice. 4. TERMS OF USE 4.1 The license for use of the Services is effective until terminated as set forth in these Terms of Service or if you fail to comply with any term or condition of these Terms of Service.In such event, no notice shall be required by Garena to effect such termination. 4.2 You agree not to: (a) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, alarming, distressing, tortuous, defamatory, harassing, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (b) use the Services to harm minors or make available Content that is harmful to children or minors in any way; (c) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that violates the rights, including any patent, trademark, copyright, intellectual property or other proprietary rights, of any party; (d) use the Services to impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise or mislead as to the origin of any Content or communications transmitted through the Services; (f) remove any proprietary notices from the Services; (g) cause, permit or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, or translation of the Services without the express permission of Garena; (h) use the Services for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third party or any manner not permitted by the licenses granted herein; (i) use the Services for fraudulent or unlawful purposes, including for any purposes relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling or otherwise inconsistent with, or contrary to, applicable laws; (j) attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack the Services (or any portion thereof) or any network connected with the Services, or to attempt to breach, defeat or overcome any authentication measures, encryption technology or security measures implemented by Garena with respect to the Services, any network connected to or associated with the Services, and/or any data transmitted, processed or stored by Garena; (k) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content containing any software viruses or any other computer code, file or program designed to interrupt, destroy, alter and/or limit the functionality of the Services and/or any computer resource belonging to Garena or its Users; (l) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of the nation or jurisdiction from which you are accessing or using the services, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order, or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting to other nations; (m) attempt to solicit, harvest or collect any information about or regarding other Users or Account holders, including without limitation any personal data, account information, passwords or other information; (n) attempt or gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Services including any other User’s account; (o) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); (p) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; (q) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other unauthorised form of solicitation; (r) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses, worms, Trojan-horses or any other computer code, routines, files or programs designed to directly or indirectly interfere with, manipulate, interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality or integrity of any computer software or hardware or data or telecommunications equipment; (s) use any modified, hacked, or other unauthorized version of the Services, including to cheat, gain unfair advantage relative to other Users, or for any other purpose; (t) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other Users of the Services are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other Users' ability to engage in real time exchanges; (u) interfere with, manipulate or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services or any other User's use and enjoyment of the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services; (v) take any action or engage in any conduct that could directly or indirectly damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Services or the servers or networks connected to the Services; (w) use the Services to intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, rule, code, directive, guideline, policy or regulation including without limitation laws and requirements (whether or not having the force of law) relating to anti-money laundering or counter-terrorism; (x) use the Services to provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act; (y) make, enable, cause or permit, any transactions (including payments or financial transactions) that you are not authorized to; (z) create, access or use multiple Accounts to with respect to any single Game or Service; (aa) attempt to sell or transfer your Account or any associated Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Items to any third party in any manner; (bb) use the Services to violate the privacy of others or to "stalk" or otherwise harass another; (cc) facilitate or encourage any violation of these Terms of Service or our other policies, including the Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time; and/or (dd) use the Services to collect or store personal data about other Users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth above. 4.3 You understand that all Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated.This means that you, and not Garena, are entirely responsible for all Content that you create, upload, post, email, transmit, communicate or otherwise make available through the Services. Garena does not control the Content posted through the Services and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality or legality of such Content. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that you may consider to be offensive, indecent or objectionable. If you believe that any Content violates the Terms of Service (including paragraph 4.2 above), please notify us immediately at legal@garena.com. We will make reasonable endeavours to remove objectionable Content complained about within a reasonable time in accordance with applicable law. However, under no circumstances will Garena be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of, or reliance on, any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available through the Services. 4.4 You acknowledge that Garena may or may not pre-screen Content made available or communicated by Users, but that Garena and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to review, pre-screen, refuse, delete and/or remove any Account or Content that is available through the Services for any reason. Without limiting the foregoing, Garena and its designees shall have the right to remove any Account or Content that violates these Terms of Service, if we receive a complaint from another User, if we receive a notice of intellectual property infringement or other legal instruction for removal (including but not limited to any notice, instruction or order by any regulatory or governmental body, or a court of competent jurisdiction to remove, suspend, freeze or delete any Account or Content), or if we believe in good faith that such Account or Content is otherwise objectionable or in violation of applicable law. We may also block or block delivery of a communication (including without limitation status updates, postings, messages and/or chats) to or from the Services as part of our effort to protect the Services or our Users, or otherwise enforce the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including, without limitation, any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by Garena or submitted to Garena, including without limitation information in Garena forums, instant messaging channels and in all other parts of the Services. 4.5 In the event your Account is deleted or deactivated in accordance with the preceding Clause 4.4, all Virtual Currency and Virtual Items (as defined below) in your Account shall be forfeited and no refund will be made in respect of the same to the fullest extent permitted by law 4.6 You acknowledge, consent and agree that Garena may access, preserve and disclose your Account information and Content if required to do so by law or pursuant to an order of a court or by any governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over Garena or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Garena, its Users, and/or the public. 5. SOFTWARE UPDATES AND PATCHES 5.1 We may provide updates, patches and other modifications to the Services that must be installed for you to continue to play our Games properly or at all. We may update, patch or modify the Software remotely and access the Software residing on your machine or device for such purpose, and you hereby grant to Garena the right to deploy and apply such patches, updates and modifications. All provisions of these Terms of Service that refer to “Software” shall also include all such patches, updates and modifications. 5.2 You must always use the latest version of the Software that includes all updates and/or patches provided by us and, to the fullest extent authorized by law, Garena will not be responsible for any loss or damage arising pursuant to your failure to use the latest version or your use of any outdated version of the Software. 6. ACCOUNTS AND SECURITY 6.1 Some functions of our Services require registration for an Account by selecting a unique user identification ("User ID") and password, and by providing certain personal information.If you select a User ID that Garena, in its sole discretion, finds offensive or inappropriate, Garena has the right to suspend or terminate your Account. 6.2 Your Account is non-transferable and only for your personal use. You may not authorize any third parties to access or use your Account for any purpose whatsoever or try to transfer the Account or associated Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Items to any third party in any manner 6.3 You may be able to use your Account to gain access to other products, websites or services, including those offered by third parties, to which we have enabled access or with which we have, contracted, tied up or collaborated. Garena has not reviewed, and assumes no responsibility for any third party content, functionality, security, services, privacy policies, or other practices of those products, websites or services. If you do so, the terms of service for those products, websites or services, including their respective privacy policies may also apply to your use of those products, websites or services. 6.4 You agree to (a) keep your password confidential and use only your User ID and password when logging in, (b) ensure that you log out from your account at the end of each session, (c) immediately notify Garena of any unauthorised use of your User ID and/or password or any other breach of security or non-compliance with these Terms of Service or applicable laws, and (d) ensure that your Account information is accurate and up-to-date. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your User ID and Account even if such activities or uses were not committed by you. Garena will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorised use of your User ID, password, or Account or your failure to comply with this Section. 6.5 You agree that Garena may for any reason, in its sole discretion and without notice or liability to you or any third party, immediately terminate your Account and your User ID, and remove or discard from the Services any Content associated with your Account and User ID. Grounds for such termination may include, but are not limited to, (a) extended periods of inactivity, (b) violation of the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service, (c) violation of any applicable law, (d) fraudulent, harassing, defamatory, threatening or abusive behaviour or (e) behaviour that is harmful to other Users, third parties, or the business interests or reputation of Garena or that may otherwise subject Garena to legal or regulatory action. Use of an Account for illegal, fraudulent, harassing, defamatory, threatening or abusive purposes may be referred to law enforcement authorities without notice to you. If you file a claim (under any cause of action whatsoever) either against Garena, or which in any way involves Garena, then Garena may terminate your Account. 6.6 If your Account is or remains inactive (which means you have not logged into or used your Account) for more than 6 months, Garena has the right to delete or deactivate your Account and all Virtual Currency and Virtual Items (as defined below) in your Account shall be forfeited and no refunds will be made in respect of the same to the fullest extent authorized by law. 6.7 You may only use the Services and/or open an Account if your applicable jurisdiction allows you to accept these Terms of Service. 7. CHARGES AND PAYMENTS 7.1 In connection with some of the Games and other Services, you are offered the option to purchase Garena Shells, diamonds, or other in-game virtual currency (“Virtual Currency”), virtual in-game items or skins (“Virtual Items”) or other entitlements available via the Services. Depending on your jurisdiction and the Services you elect to purchase, you may from time to time make payments to us or to other third parties. 7.2 If you do elect to make such purchases or otherwise incur charges in connection with your use of the Services, you agree to pay that charge in order to receive such Virtual Currency, Virtual Items, or to receive access to and/or the benefits of such Services. The price stated for the Virtual Currency, Virtual Items, and/or Services excludes all applicable taxes and currency exchange settlements, unless stated otherwise. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. We may suspend or cancel any transaction and/or your access to the Services if we do not receive full payment from you within the stipulated due date for payment. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your Account and its Content. 7.3 Generally, to pay the charges for any Virtual Currency, Virtual Items or other Service, you will be asked to select a payment method before you complete your purchase or at the time you initiate the transaction sign up for that Service. In many cases, Virtual Currency or other Services may also be purchased directly from certain authorized third parties.Payments for Virtual Currency, Virtual Items, or other Services may also be processed via third-party payment service providers. In such cases, the purchase of Virtual Currency, Virtual Items or other Services from such third parties or via such third party payment service providers is governed by their own respective terms and conditions, privacy policies. and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where such purchases are being made. 7.4 Where applicable, you can access and change your billing account information and payment method at any time. You agree to allow Garena to use any updated account information regarding your payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. You agree to keep your billing account information current at all times. Changes that you make to your billing account will not affect charges we submit to your billing account before we are able to reasonably act on your changes. 7.5 By providing Garena or the respective third-party payment service provider with a payment method or otherwise purchasing any Virtual Currency, Virtual Items or other Services, you: (a) represent that you are authorised to use the payment method that you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (b) authorise Garena or the respective third-party payment service provider to charge you for the relevant Virtual Currency, Virtual Items or other Services you purchase using your preferred payment method; and (c) authorise Garena or the respective third-party payment service provider to charge you for any paid feature of the Services that you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms of Service are in force. 7.6 Depending on the nature of the purchase and subject to applicable law, we may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) after purchase (and by the stipulated due date for payment) for Shells which are loaned to you under our Shell-borrowing plan (for Singapore Users only); or (d) on a recurring basis for a subscription-based Service. 7.7 We may change the price of Virtual Currency, Virtual Items and/or any Service at any time. If there is a fixed term and price for your Service offer, that price will remain in force for the duration of that term. 7.8 Your right to use any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items is a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use such Virtual Currency and Virtual Items solely for your personal entertainment and non-commercial use in the Services only. Once purchased, any purchased Virtual Currency or Virtual Items will be valid indefinitely unless fully used or redeemed within the Services, until your Account is terminated for any reason or if we are no longer able to legally service your Account (for example, if you withdraw your consent for us to use your personal data). If your Account is or remains inactive (which means you have not logged into your Account) for more than 6 months, Garena has the right to delete or deactivate your Account and all Virtual Currency and Virtual Items in your Account shall be forfeited in accordance with Clause 6.6 above. 7.9 Virtual Currency and Virtual Items have no monetary value and have no value outside of the Services. Virtual Currency and Virtual Currency cannot be sold, traded, transferred, redeemed, or otherwise exchanged for cash or other goods or services outside of the Games and Services. Virtual Currency may be only redeemed for Virtual Items or other entitlements available via our Games and Services. 7.10 Unless otherwise provided by applicable law or by the express terms of a Service offer, all purchases for Virtual Currency, Virtual Items or other Services are final and non-refundable. Once you redeem any Virtual Currency for a Virtual Item or other entitlement, that Virtual Item or other entitlement is final and not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. You may cancel any Services at any time, but all pre-payments and all purchases of any Virtual Currency, Virtual Items or other Services are strictly non-refundable. If you made such a purchase from an authorized third party or otherwise made payment via a third party payment service provider, you may also need to consult those third parties’ respective terms and conditions for additional information regarding their respective policies for refunds. 7.11 If you are a User based in Singapore, under our Shell-borrowing plan, you can borrow and use Shells first and pay back what you have borrowed by topping up Shells to your Account within 7 days (or such other period as we may stipulate from time to time). We do not charge interest for borrowed Shells, but failure to pay for borrowed Shells on time will entitle us to suspend or cancel your access to the Services, as stated above. 8.MEMBERSHIP SUBSCRIPTIONS 8.1 In certain jurisdictions and subject to applicable law, we may offer membership subscription plans in our Games (“Subscriptions”). Subscriptions may be weekly, monthly or such other recurring period as determined by us and notified in our Games (“Subscription Period”). 8.2 Subscriptions may be purchased by paying the fee specified in our Games (“Subscription Fee”) and are subject to the terms and conditions in Clause 7 above and the additional terms and conditions published within our Games. 8.3 Subscriptions will be automatically renewed for further Subscription Periods, and you will be charged the Subscription Fee, at the end of each Subscription Period until cancelled by you before the renewal date. As we will not notify you prior to such renewal, you are advised to monitor your Subscriptions. 8.4 You may cancel your Subscription at any time through Google Play, the Apple App Store, or other app store through which you have enabled your Subscription (as the case may be) in accordance with the applicable terms of service. Upon cancellation, your Subscription shall not be renewed and shall expire on the last day of the Subscription Period. In the event your Subscription Fee or any part of it is refunded, we reserve the right to pro-rate or deduct any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items previously granted by us in the Subscription Period prior to your cancellation taking effect. 8.5 We may allow you to subscribe for more than one Subscription at a time. Subscriptions may have limited availability. Once Subscriptions are fully subscribed, they may no longer be made available for purchase. We reserve the right to make changes to our Subscriptions at any time. 9. DISCLAIMER 9.1 THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, CLAIMS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY GARENA OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NOR ARE THERE ANY WARRANTIES CREATED BY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR TRADE USAGE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, GARENA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES AND/OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THE SAME AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, CLOCKS, TIMERS, COUNTERS, WORMS, SOFTWARE LOCKS, DROP DEAD DEVICES, TROJAN-HORSES, ROUTINGS, TRAP DOORS, TIME BOMBS OR ANY OTHER HARMFUL CODES, INSTRUCTIONS, PROGRAMS OR COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES REMAINS WITH YOU TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 9.2 Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so some or all of the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you to the extent they are excluded by applicable law. 9.3 Garena shall not be held liable for any loss or damage or failure to comply with or delay in complying with our obligations under these Terms of Service which is caused directly or indirectly by any event or circumstances beyond our reasonable control including due to system failure, network issues, technical snags or loss of data due to any of the preceding reasons, act of God, floods, epidemics, pandemics, quarantine, riot or war. 10. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 10.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL GARENA BE LIABLE WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY), OR OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION AT LAW, IN EQUITY, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF DATA, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER, MOBILE PHONE OR MOBILE DEVICE FAILURE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES RESULTING THEREFROM, EVEN IF GARENA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 10.2 YOUR ONLY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO ANY PROBLEMS OR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICES IS TO TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT AND DISCONTINUE ANY USE OF THE SERVICES. 10.3 IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE PREVIOUS SECTIONS, GARENA IS FOUND BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO BE LIABLE (INCLUDING FOR GROSS NEGLIGENCE), ITS LIABILITY TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY IS LIMITED TO SGD 100 (ONE HUNDRED SINGAPORE DOLLARS). 10.4 NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL LIMIT OR EXCLUDE ANY LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY GARENA’S NEGLIGENCE, FOR FRAUD OR FOR ANY OTHER LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE LAWFULLY LIMITED AND/OR EXCLUDED. 11.LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES 11.1 Certain links provided through the Services may result in you leaving the Site or Games. These links are provided as a courtesy only, and the sites they link to are not under the control of Garena in any manner whatsoever and you therefore access them at your own risk. Therefore, Garena is in no manner responsible for the contents of any such linked site or any link contained within a linked site, including any changes or updates to such sites. Garena is providing these links merely as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not in any way imply or express affiliation, endorsement or sponsorship by Garena of any linked site and/or any of its content therein. We are not liable for any loss or harm that occurs to you as a result of such sites. 12. YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SERVICES 12.1 By submitting UGC for inclusion on the Services, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are the creator and owner of, or have the necessary rights and permissions, to use and to authorise Garena to use and exercise the licenses granted by you to Garena under these Terms of Service to the full extent granted; (b) your UGC and the use of your UGC does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right; (ii) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; (iii) require Garena to obtain licenses from, or pay compensation or provide attribution to, yourself or any third parties; (iv) result in a breach of contract between yourself and a third party; or (v) cause Garena to violate any law or regulation. You further acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for anything you post or otherwise make available on or through the Services, including, without limitation, the accuracy, reliability, nature, rights clearance, compliance with law and legal restrictions associated with any UGC contributed by you. To the extent permissible under applicable law, you hereby irrevocably and perpetually waive all moral rights (or equivalent rights) arising under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of UGC contributed by you. If and to the extent that such rights cannot be waived, you hereby agree not to assert such rights against Garena. 12.2 Without prejudice to Clause 3.2, to the extent that any UGC contributed by you are original works created by you, all ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to such UGC shall be retained by you. You hereby grant Garena and its successors an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable (without your prior consent or authorisation) and transferable (without your prior consent or authorisation) license to use, reproduce, copy, distribute, publish, republish, transmit, modify, adapt, create derivative works of, publicly display, communicate to the public and publicly perform such UGC contribution on, through or in connection with the Services in any media formats and through any media channels, including without limitation, for marketing, advertising, promoting and redistributing part of the Services (and its derivative works) and for any other commercial or business purposes at Garena’s sole and absolute discretion. You understand that your contribution may be transmitted over various networks and changed to conform and adapt to technical requirements. 12.3 Any material, information, idea, or other UGC you post on or through the Services, or otherwise transmit to Garena by any means (each, a "Submission"), is not considered confidential by Garena and may be disseminated, exploited or otherwise used by Garena or its affiliates without any compensation, attribution, obligation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. By making a Submission to Garena, you acknowledge and agree that Garena and/or other third parties may independently develop software, applications, interfaces, products and modifications and enhancements of the same which are identical or similar in function, code or other characteristics to the ideas set out in your Submission.Accordingly, you hereby grant Garena and its successors an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable (without your prior consent or authorisation) and transferable (without your prior consent or authorisation) license to develop the items identified above, and to use, reproduce, copy, distribute, publish, republish, transmit, modify, adapt, create derivative works of, publicly display, communicate to the public and publicly perform any Submission on, through or in connection with the Services in any media formats and through any media channels, including without limitation, for marketing, advertising, promoting and redistributing part of the Services (and its derivative works) and for any other commercial or business purposes at Garena’s sole and absolute discretion. This provision does not apply to personal information that is subject to our privacy policy except to the extent that you make such personal information publicly available on or through the Services. 12.4 Garena may in its discretion suspend availability of or delete any of your or any other User’s UGC or other Content on the Platform at any time and for any period of time, including in perpetuity, without notice if such UGC or other content violates intellectual property principles or any guidelines or policies associated with the Services or if Garena determines in its discretion that any UGC does or may cause harm to the Services or to Garena’s reputation. Garena is under no obligation of any kind for suspending any UGC in accordance with this Section. 12.5 You agree not to use any UGC submitted to the platform, whether on the platform or off the platform, in a way : (i) in a manner that is offensive, defamatory, sexually explicit, or otherwise objectionable (in each case, as determined by Garena), (ii) in connection with false, defamatory, libelous or slanderous statements concerning Garena or otherwise in a manner intended or reasonably likely to disparage Garena or bring Garena into public disrepute, or (iii) in a manner which is intended or reasonably likely to suggest or imply that you or any User is affiliated with Garena or that Garena endorses the applicable UGC. 13. THIRD PARTY CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SERVICES AND EXTERNAL LINKS 13.1 Each contributor to the Services of data, text, images, sounds, video, software and other Content is solely responsible for the accuracy, reliability, nature, rights clearance, compliance with law and legal restrictions associated with the Content they contributed. As such, Garena is not responsible to, and shall not, regularly monitor or check for the accuracy, reliability, nature, rights clearance, compliance with law and legal restrictions associated with any contribution of Content. You will not hold Garena responsible for any user's actions or inactions, including, without limitation, things they post or otherwise make available via the Services. 13.2 In addition, the Services may contain links to third party text and video feeds (and podcasts) (collectively, "third party feeds"), products, websites, services and offers, or links to download third party software applications. Additionally, third parties may make available, on their own websites, third party feeds, and software applications. These third party links, third party feeds, products, websites, services and software applications are not owned or controlled by Garena. Rather, they are operated by, and are the property of, the respective third parties, and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. Garena has not reviewed, and assumes no responsibility for the content, functionality, security, services, privacy policies, or other practices of these third parties. You are encouraged to read the terms and other policies published by such third parties on their websites or otherwise. By using the Services, you agree that Garena shall not be liable in any manner due to your use of, or inability to use, any third-party feed, website or widget. You further acknowledge and agree that Garena may disable your use of, or remove, any third party links, third party feeds, or applications on the Services to the extent they violate these Terms of Service. 14. VIOLATIONS OF OUR TERMS OF SERVICE; GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL 14.1 If you believe a User of our Services is violating these Terms of Service, please contact us at info@garena.com. 14.2 If you are a User based in India and believe another User of our Services is violating these Terms of Service or if you have any complaints relating to our Services, please contact our Grievance Officer at grievance-officer@garena.com. The Grievance Officer will respond to your concerns and queries at the earliest and in compliance with applicable law. 15.MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT 15.1 If you believe that any Content (as included on the Services) has been copied, displayed, or distributed in a way that infringes a valid copyright, please notify our Copyright Agent. A notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication as set forth below, and must include substantially all of the following: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is allegedly infringed; (b) a description of the copyrighted work(s) and an identification of what material in such work(s) is claimed to be infringed by the Content; (c) a description of the exact name of the Content that is claimed to infringe and the location of the infringing Content on the Services; (d) information sufficient to permit Garena to contact you, such as your physical address, telephone number and e-mail address; (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in the manner complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorised to act on the copyright owner's behalf. The Garena Copyright Agent can be reached by email: legal@garena.com. The Copyright Agent will only respond to any claims involving alleged copyright infringement. 15.2 Regarding any of your UGC that is removed or disabled, if you believe that your UGC is not infringing or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your content, you may send a counter-notice to our Copyright Agent. Any counter-notice submitted on behalf of an under-13 User must be submitted by a parent or other adult representative. When the Garena Copyright Agent receives a counter-notice, we reserve the right to send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that party that we may, in 10 business days, replace the removed UGC or stop disabling it. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the provider of the UGC, the removed UGC may be replaced or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, in our sole discretion. 15.3 Garena’s intellectual property policy is to: (i) remove or disable access to material that Garena knows to be infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties or that has been identified in a valid notice submitted under this section by an intellectual property rights owner or his or her agent; and (ii) in appropriate circumstances, to terminate the Accounts of and block access to the Services by any User who repeatedly or egregiously infringes other people’s copyrights or other intellectual property rights. 16. MAKING CLAIMS OF TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT 16.1 If you believe that any Content (as included on the Services) has been copied, displayed, or distributed in a way that infringes a valid trademark, please notify our Trademark Agent. A notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication as set forth below, and must include substantially all of the following: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the trademark interest that is allegedly infringed; (b) a description of such trademark right that you claim has been infringed; (c) a description of the exact name of the infringing work and the location of the infringing work on the Services; (d) information sufficient to permit Garena to contact you, such as your physical address, telephone number and e-mail address; (e) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in the manner complained of is not authorised by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorised to act on the trademark owner's behalf . The Garena Trademark Agent can be reached by email: legal@garena.com. The Trademark Agent will only respond to any claims involving alleged trademark infringement. 17.YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 17.1 You represent and warrant that: (a) you possess the legal capacity (and in the case of usage of the Services by a minor, that you are the parent or legal guardian and have given valid consent) and the right and ability to enter into these Terms of Service and to comply with its terms; (b) you will use the Services for lawful purposes only and in accordance with these Terms of Service and all applicable laws, rules, codes, directives, guidelines, policies and regulations; and (c) you will only use the Services on a machine or device on which such use is authorised by the machine’s or device’s owner. 18. INDEMNITY 18.1 You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Garena, and its shareholders, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, licensors, co-branders or other partners, and employees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), at your expense, from and against any and all claims, actions, proceedings, and suits and all related liabilities, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and other dispute resolution expenses) incurred by any Indemnified Party arising out of or relating to: (a) the hosting, operation, management and/or administration of the Services by or on behalf of Garena; (b) your violation or breach of any term of these Terms of Service or any policy or guidelines referenced herein, including a breach of any representation or warranty referenced in these Terms of Service; (c) your access, use or misuse of the Services; (d) your actual or alleged violation or breach of any law or regulation or the rights of a third party (including but not limited to the infringement of a third party’s intellectual property right as a result of the inclusion of your UGC on the Services); or (e) the removal of your Account or any Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services in accordance with Clauses 4.2-4.4 above. To the extent permissible under applicable laws, Garena reserves the right, at Garena’s own cost, to take on the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with Garena’s defense of that claim. 19. SEVERABILITY 19.1 If any provision of these Terms of Service shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable under the law of any jurisdiction, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Service and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions in such jurisdiction nor the validity and enforceability of the provision in question under the law of any other jurisdiction. 20. GOVERNING LAW 20.1 These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore without regard to its conflict of law rules. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act, to the extent applicable, are expressly disclaimed. Any dispute, controversy, claim or difference of any kind whatsoever shall arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service against or relating to Garena or any Indemnified Party under these Terms of Service shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Section. There will be one (1) arbitrator and the language of the arbitration shall be English. 21. GENERAL PROVISIONS 21.1 Garena reserves all rights not expressly granted herein. 21.2 Garena may modify these Terms of Service at any time by posting the revised Terms of Service on the Site.Your continued access to or use of the Services after such changes have been posted shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms of Service. 21.3 You may not assign, sublicense or transfer any rights granted to you hereunder or subcontract any of your obligations. 21.4 Nothing in these Terms of Service shall constitute a partnership, joint venture or principal-agent relationship between you and Garena, nor does it authorise you to incur any costs or liabilities on Garena’s behalf. 21.5 The failure of Garena at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect its right at a later time to enforce the same unless the same is waived in writing. 21.6 These Terms of Service are solely for your and our benefit and are not for the benefit of any other person or entity, except for Garena's affiliates and subsidiaries (and each of Garena's and its affiliates' and subsidiaries' respective successors and assigns). 21.7 The terms set forth in these Terms of Service and any agreements and policies included or referred to in these Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the Services and supersede any previous agreement or understanding between the parties in relation to such subject matter. The parties also hereby exclude all implied terms in fact. In entering into the agreement formed by these Terms of Service, the parties have not relied on any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, undertaking, promise or assurance of any person other than as expressly set out in these Terms of Service. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives all claims, rights and remedies which but for this Clause might otherwise have had in relation to any of the foregoing. These Terms of Service may not be contradicted, explained or supplemented by evidence of any prior agreement, any contemporaneous oral agreement or any consistent additional terms. 21.8 You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations and codes relating to anti-bribery and corruption including without limitation the UK Bribery Act, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Singapore Prevention of Corruption Act and confirm that you have and shall have in place all policies and procedures needed to ensure compliance with such requirements. 21.9 If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms of Service or any issues raised in these Terms of Service, please contacts us at: info@garena.com. Last modified: 29 July 2022