WELCOME PRIVACY POLICY We're glad you chose to visit or register to a CVOX Events LLC site dba Fintech Americas, ("CVOX") site! We care about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as necessary. We will post a notice on this Website if there are material changes to the Privacy Policy, but you should also check this Website periodically to review the current policy. By continuing to access or use our products, content, and services after those changes become effective, you accept and acknowledge the revised Privacy Policy. USE OF THIS WEBSITE This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect from you and how it may be stored and processed in the United States of America and across the CVOX Network as described below. This website, and associated CVOX events and publications provide products, content, and services for a professional and consumer audience and is not intended for individuals under the age of 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect or store personal data provided by anyone under 13 years of age. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT Personal Data CVOX collects data about you that is limited to the kind of information that can be found on a typical business card: first name, last name, job title, function, level, employer/company name, type of company, work address, work email, work phone number, country. In some cases, we may ask you to provide additional professional information such as the size of the company you work for, and industry type or specific preferences as per language, interests, hobbies. To enhance and/or update the information that you have provided to us, we may combine it with professional information or personal data that we collect from third party sources. The personal data that we refer to in this document is the personal and professional information you provide, as well as information that we obtain from third party sources, both of which we typically combine as one user record. Cookies This site also collects and stores certain information automatically using cookies and similar technologies, including IP addresses, the region or general location of a computer or device accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, page view history, and other usage information. Cookies are small text files that can be stored on your computer, tablet or mobile device ("Computer") when you visit a website. A cookie will typically contain the name of the originating domain, the lifetime of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Cookies used by CVOX identify you as a unique user by means of a tracking ID. The cookie itself is anonymous and does not contain any personal data, except when such information has been supplied by you, such as when you provide your name and email address when completing a registration form. We use cookies to help you access this Website faster and more efficiently. Cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users, so that we can recognize you each time you visit. Cookies also allow us to store user preferences and provide you with a positive experience when you browse this Website, including enabling you to personalize Website settings. Our marketing partners also collect web viewing data to ensure that you are seeing the most relevant advertising. Unless you set up your internet browser (e.g. Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome) not to accept cookies, it will accept the use of them. You can always disable cookies in your browser's preferences even if you have consented to the use of cookies in the past. You may also delete cookies stored on your computer at any given time. Please note that disabling cookies may negatively impact your experience with the products, content or services we offer and prevent you from logging in to such products, content or services. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION We may collect your personal data when you register to receive any of the products, content or services offered by CVOX or its third party sponsors such as publications, subscriptions, contests, newsletters, memberships, premium content, webcasts, podcasts, events, digital conferences, video, white papers, online seminars, conferences and events. Necessity of personal data In order for us to provide the products, content or services you request, we need your personal data. Therefore, if you do not provide such personal data, we cannot deliver the products, content or services. CVOX Network This Website is one of many that CVOX and its group of affiliates operates, all of which we collectively refer to as the CVOX Network.Where permitted by law, we may share the personal data we collect about you with another CVOX Network company so that we can provide you with information about products, content and services that might interest you, and for internal analytical and business development purposes. HOW DO WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL DATA? Security of your personal data CVOX maintains safeguards which include technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we require the third parties we contract with to support CVOX's business operations to employ reasonable security measures as well (see "When and how we share your personal data with others" below). Storage of your personal data Your personal data may be stored by third parties, via cloud services or other technology, to whom CVOX has contracted with, to support CVOX's business operations (see "When and how we share your personal data with others" below). These third parties do not use or have access to your personal data other than for cloud storage and retrieval, and CVOX requires such parties to employ at least the same level of security that we use to protect your personal data (see "Security of your personal data" above). WHAT WE DO WITH THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT We use the personal data that we collect to communicate with you, deliver what you request, improve our service, and to present other information and business offers that may be of interest. To communicate with you We may use your personal data to send you important notices, such as communications about your registration, transactions, and changes to CVOX's terms, conditions, policies, and/or other internal purposes. To deliver what you request We may use your personal data to provide the products, content or services you request. If you enter a sweepstake, contest, or similar CVOX promotion, we may use your personal data to administer such promotion. To improve our service We may use your personal data for auditing, data analysis, and research to improve CVOX's products, content and services. To present offers that may be of interest to you We may contact you to offer you additional CVOX or third-party products, content or services that may be of interest to you. THE LEGAL BASIS WE HAVE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA CVOX uses the personal data you provide to supply you with high-quality products, content and services as you request, to send important notices, and for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to provide you with the information you need to make informed decisions about our products, content and services. We may also use your personal data to offer you products, content or services that may be of interest to you, based upon your interests or the preferences you shared with us, and may share your personal data with third party sponsors of content, events, and other business services or offers. The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. In certain circumstances we may otherwise process your personal data if CVOX has a legitimate interest in doing so and CVOX is not infringing any of your rights and freedoms. When CVOX processes your personal data for CVOX's legitimate interests, CVOX will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not override your interests. CVOX will not use your personal data in circumstances where your rights and freedoms override our legitimate interests, unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law. WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH OTHERS CVOX may share your personal data to deliver content and services from our sites, affiliated companies and third parties' services that might interest you, including sponsored content and events, for business operations, and to comply with valid legal processes. For content and services that may interest you or that you request As we mentioned above, your personal data may be shared within the CVOX Network to provide you with information about products, content and services that might interest you and for internal analytical and business development purposes (see "CVOX Network" above). We may also share your personal data with third parties to deliver third party sponsored content or other services that you request (see "For third party sponsored content and events" below). For business operations We may also share your personal data with third parties we have contracted with to support CVOX's business operations including delivery, fulfillment, payment processing, email deployment, suppression list management and data processing.For security purposes We may also share your personal data with third parties for security purposes such as to protect our company, our customers, or the products, content or services we offer. For third party sponsored content and events CVOX partners with third party sponsors to make available a large library of content to our users, such as white papers, professional events (live or online), as well as other business services or offers. In return for access to such offers, we may ask you to provide us with personal data as part of the registration. We may use your personal data to send you the business offer you request. In addition, your personal data may be shared with the third party sponsor(s) of the offer to communicate with you regarding the offer. Please note that once your personal data is shared with the sponsor, the sponsor's privacy policy, including their information on how to opt-out in the future, will apply to your personal data. For appropriate legal reasons Your personal data may be shared when authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process such as to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including those outside your country of residence, enforce our terms and conditions, protect our operations, protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages we, or other third parties, may sustain. In the event of new ownership If part or all the ownership of CVOX or any of its products or services are sold or transferred, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner. For consented reasons Your personal data may be shared for any other purposes which you have consented to at the time of providing your data. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA We hold your information only as long as necessary for each purpose we use it, unless we have obtained your consent to use for another or similar purpose. YOUR RIGHTS AND PREFERENCES Confirming your personal data To confirm that CVOX is processing your personal data, or to access, update or correct the personal data CVOX holds about you, or to obtain a copy to reuse for your own purposes, please send an email to: info@fintechamericas.co with the subject line "Data Request". The categories of personal data CVOX has collected about consumers, the categories of sources from which personal data is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) personal data, the categories of third parties with whom CVOX shares personal data, and the specific pieces of personal data CVOX has collected about consumers, can be generally be found in this Privacy Policy. Erasing or deleting your personal data If you want your personal data erased, please send an email to: info@fintechamericas.co with the subject line "Data Deletion". To opt-out of marketing communications If you want CVOX to stop communicating with you for marketing purposes, please send an email to info@fintechamericas.co with the subject line "Stop Communicating". HOW CAN WE HELP? GETTING IN TOUCH If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about CVOX's personal data practices or this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to get in touch with us at the following address: CVOX Events LLC c/o Maria Mancuso 78 SW 7th Street Miami FL 33130 Miami, FL maria@fintechamericas.co Last updated: April 2, 2020SHOWMAX PRIVACY POLICY 1. Introduction 1. At Showmax, we know your privacy is a serious matter. We strive to ensure that our use of your personal data is lawful and reasonable, with the ultimate goal of improving our services and your viewing experience. 2. This Privacy Policy describes how your personal data is processed at Showmax when you use our websites, applications (including the Showmax App), products, platforms and services to browse or to access content, including when you are not registered or signed in to our service. Here we also provide some ways for you to exercise control over your personal data, and to contact us if you have questions. The personal data will be processed by Showmax in accordance with the requirements of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC ("GDPR") and local Privacy Laws. 3. Depending on the location of your residence and the relevant Showmax Service, the controller of your personal data is the following Showmax entity, each hereinafter referred to as "Showmax": incorporated registered and If you subscribe to Showmax General Entertainment or Showmax General Entertainment Mobile and reside in South Africa or Lesotho, the controller of your personal data is Showmax SA (Pty) Ltd (company registration number: 2022/672391/07), a company duly accordance with the laws of the Republic of South Africa with its address at: 137 Bram Fischer Drive, Randburg, Johannesburg, Gauteng, 2194, South Africa. If you subscribe to Showmax General Entertainment or Showmax General Entertainment Mobile and reside in Nigeria, the controller of your personal data is MSAT Nigeria Limited (company registration number: RC 480418), a company duly registered and incorporated in accordance with the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria with its address at: Plot 1381 Tiamiyu Savage Street, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria. If you subscribe to Showmax General Entertainment or Showmax General Entertainment Mobile and reside in one of the countries listed below, the controller of your personal data is Showmax Africa Holdings Limited (company registration number: 14402312), a company duly registered and incorporated in accordance with the laws of England and Wales with its address at: 1 Silk Street, London, England, EC2Y8HQ, United Kingdom. Angola Burkina Faso Cape Verde Comoros Djibouti Eswatini Gambia Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Namibia Rwanda Senegal Togo Zimbabwe Benin Burundi Central African Republic Congo Equatorian Guinea Ethiopia Ghana Ivory Coast Madagascar Mauritius Niger Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Seychelles Uganda Botswana Cameroon Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Eritrea Gabon Guinea Kenya Malawi Mozambique Reunion Sao Tome and Principe Tanzania Zambia If you subscribe to Showmax General Entertainment or Showmax General Entertainment Mobile and reside in one of the countries listed below, the controller of your personal data is MultiChoice Africa Holdings B.V. (company registration number: 34272155), a company duly registered and incorporated in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands with its address at: Taurus Avenue 105, 2132 LS Hoofdorp, the Netherlands. Andorra Belgium Falkland Islands Germany Guernsey Ireland Jersey Malta New Zealand Portugal Sweden Australia Cayman Islands Finland Gibraltar Iceland Isle of Man Liechtenstein Monaco Norway San Marino Switzerland Austria Denmark France Greece Indonesia Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Pitcairin Spain United Kingdom registration (Pty) Ltd. (company registered and If you subscribe to Showmax Pro or Showmax Pro Mobile and reside in South Africa or Lesotho, the controller of your personal data is MutliChoice number: Support Services 1994/009083/07), a company duly accordance with the laws of the Republic of South Africa with its address at: 144 Bram Fischer Drive, 2125 Randburg, South Africa, South Africa. If you subscribe to Showmax Pro or Showmax Pro Mobile and reside in one of the countries listed below, the controller of your personal data is MultiChoice Africa Holdings B.V. registration number: 34272155), a company duly registered and incorporated in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands with its address at: Taurus Avenue 105, 2132 LS Hoofdorp, the Netherlands. incorporated (company Angola Burkina Faso Cape Verde Comoros Djibouti Eswatini Gambia Guinea-Bissau Liberia Mali Namibia Reunion Sao Tome and Principe Tanzania Zambia Benin Burundi Central African Republic Congo Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Ghana Ivory Coast Madagascar Mauritius Niger Rwanda Senegal Togo Zimbabwe Botswana Cameroon Chad Democratic Republic of the Congo Eritrea Gabon Guinea Kenya Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Saint Helena - Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Seychelles Uganda 4.We encourage you to read this policy completely so that you understand how we rely on personal data to create the best possible experience for you. We also use this policy to call your attention to the information about Cookies that help power our offerings from a technical perspective. 5. Should you have any questions regarding the processing of personal data by Showmax, you can contact our data protection officer at dpo@showmax.com. 6. Unless stated otherwise, defined terms have the meaning given to them in the Showmax Terms and Conditions. 2. What personal data do we collect? 1. Overview: We may receive and collect personal data about you in several ways, including when you download the Showmax App on your device; you sign up to use Showmax; you stream, download, access or make use of any Showmax Service or Content (including when you decide on selection of Content), you give us payment details, you contact our support centre, you participate in a marketing or promotion activity or you submit your personal data to us for any other reason. We may also receive personal data from third parties that have obtained it from you and that are permitted to share it with us. 2. Categories of personal data when you are signed in to Showmax Service: The categories of personal data of signed in users that we collect include: Basic Account and Contact Information: You must provide an email address, cell phone number, and password to create a Showmax Account. Showmax may also receive basic account information from third party sites, such as when you choose to sign in via a social network account; Payment Methods: In relation to your payments for access to the Showmax Service, we collect details of methods of payment, including but not limited to certain information about credit and debit cards, loyalty points, vouchers, mobile phone number for payments with telecommunications operators' bills or use of an accepted e-wallet; Preferences, user profile and other information: We also collect and process certain information on your activity on the Showmax Service, Showmax Website and Showmax App, such as for example title selections, viewing history, content reviews if such option is available, and information about your Showmax Account (including information that you provide using your My Account section), settings data and certain data inferred on their basis, in particular taste preferences based on your selection of Content; Events: We collect certain information about your activities observed when you are accessing and using the Showmax Website, Showmax App or when you react to our marketing communications, including details of how, when and for how long you have accessed, viewed or used any of our platforms as well as details regarding site traffic and usage information (for example search queries, navigation behaviour and viewing time and duration), and, if enabled, voice commands processed through the Showmax App; Support services information: We collect certain details of your interactions with the Showmax support centre (in case we can attribute the conversation to you), such as the date, time and reason for contacting Showmax, transcripts of chat, email or other conversations; Cookies: We may also store certain information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons, advertising IDs and other technologies, including ad data. For more information on cookies please refer to the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy; Device and Browser Information: When you access the Showmax Website or the Showmax App, we may also collect information about the device or browser accessing the Showmax Services, such as unique device identifiers, IP address, type, model, settings, operating system, system activity, language and crash reports; Location Information: When you access the Showmax Website or the Showmax App, based on your IP address, we may determine the geographical location of a device used to access Showmax Service based on your IP address, however, such information determined does not beyond the level of municipality. In addition, Showmax does not use GPS geolocation and does not collect geolocation data, and consequently clause 8.2.2 of License agreement is not applicable; Information necessary to verify your country of residence in connection with the cross-border content portability (if applicable in your region): Showmax may ask you to provide two means of verification, including ID card, driving license, passport, utility bill or declaration confirming address, to verify your country of residence in accordance with the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 2017/1128 on cross-border portability of online content services in the internal market. The information which Showmax collects from you for the sole purpose of verifying your country of residence will be deleted on completion of verification.User Research Information: We collect certain details of your interactions with a Showmax User Research Surveys (in case you decide to contribute, which is completely voluntary), such as your evaluation of various aspects of the Showmax Service, your preferences regarding Showmax Service properties and your opinion on certain Showmax Service related questions. 3. Categories of data when you are not signed in to Showmax Service: The categories of personal data of that we may collect when you are browsing the Showmax Website or the Showmax App without signing in include data referred to in the following sections: on Events (2.2.4), Cookies (2.2.6), Device and Browser Information (2.2.7) and Location Information (2.2.8). 10. 4. Sub-profiles data: We allow the creation of sub-profiles that can be linked to a single Showmax Account, whereby different people (such as members of a family or household) can maintain their own profile and personal preferences distinct from those assigned to the main profile and other sub-profiles linked to the same master Showmax Account. Please note that using the main Showmax Account profile it is possible to access personal data created by the users of the sub-profiles and the exercise of the data subject rights (including the right to access data) through the main Showmax Account profile will take effect with respect to all personal data processed under the entire Showmax Account, including personal data relating to all sub-profiles (even if they are password protected). 5. Childrens' data: You must be at least 18 years of age or older to create a Showmax Account. While individuals under the age of 18 may use the Showmax Service, they may do so only under the supervision of a parent or a guardian. It is possible to create a Kid sub-profile, which will include content oriented to children (based on the classification provided by our content providers), specifically intended for use by a child. Creating a Kid sub-profile for a child age 16 or younger requires a parent or guardian to consent to creating the Kid sub-profile and processing the child's personal data. 6. Voluntary provision of data: The provision of your personal data is voluntary but necessary to use some of the services offered by Showmax. Refusal to provide some of your personal data will make it impossible to use the Showmax Service or some of their functionalities, for example its websites, applications, products, platforms and services to browse or to access content, and will prevent Showmax from offering and performing such services. 3. For what purposes do we process personal data? 1. Overview: We use the information we receive and collect generally for the purpose of providing, promoting, maintaining, personalizing and improving our services, to develop new services, and to protect Showmax, our platforms, content partners and our users from fraudulent or illegal activity. 2. Purposes: Specific purposes for which we process your data include: processing personal data necessary for the purposes of conclusion and performance of the agreement with you, including: to establish, personalize and maintain your Showmax Account, and to authenticate your identity when accessing your Showmax account, to provide you with movies, series and other content and to settle payments; to provide you with unique selection of titles tailored exclusively for you in a form of recommendations resulting from automated analysis of your title choices and other actions made by you while using the Showmax Service; to provide customer support services and to communicate with you, including to inform you about any changes to Showmax products and services; and if applicable - to provide you with the Showmax App, including its voice search function available in some versions of the Showmax App.to provide cross-border portability of Showmax online content, including verification of the country of residence in accordance with and based on the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 2017/1128 on cross-border portability of online content services in the internal market; processing of personal data in order to fulfil obligations resulting from provisions of applicable laws; to fulfil any contractual obligations with our business partners for the purpose of offering Showmax services and for the purposes of financial settlements the purposes of connected there to, which is our legitimate interest for processing personal data; processing of personal data for marketing of the Showmax services, including through advertising tailored for individual or group needs and preferences, for example online advertising, which is our legitimate interest for processing personal data; processing research, analytics, development, for improvement (including user experience improvement), administration, maintenance, technical support and security of the Showmax Service, Showmax Website and Showmax App, which is our legitimate interest for processing personal data; processing for the purposes of establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims, enforcing or investigating potential violations of our terms of use or any other actual or alleged fraudulent activities, protecting rights, property or safety of Showmax, our customers, employees and other third parties, which is our legitimate interest for processing personal data; and processing for the purposes of reorganization of the Showmax group, including changes in ownership or control of assets, shares or management of Showmax, or that of our affiliates, which is our legitimate interest for processing personal data. 4. Who are the recipients of personal data 1. Your personal data may be disclosed to the following categories of recipients: Showmax affiliates, which includes our holding companies, subsidiaries and entities that control or are under common control with Showmax, in particular when necessary for the ongoing maintenance and continued provision of the services to you; trusted service providers retained by us to enhance or provide services to you, acting at our instruction, including hosting services providers, platform provision, development and maintenance, support and security services providers, analytics tools and services providers, customer support services providers, payment and reconciliation services providers,; marketing services providers supporting us in promoting the Showmax Service, including marketing agencies, email distribution and other marketing tools providers, social media marketing services providers including Facebook and Google, as well as analytics services providers; partners who may offer access to the Showmax Service on our behalf and/or partners with whom Showmax co-operates with respect to placing the Showmax App on their platforms; third parties, including governmental bodies, courts or bodies of similar nature, when it is required in order to comply with applicable laws, to enforce or investigate potential violations of our terms of use or any other contract between you and us, to protect our rights, property or safety or that of our customers, employees, and other third parties; and/or third party in relation to reorganization of the Showmax group, in particular a third party that acquires (or proposes to acquire) ownership or control of our assets, shares or management, or that of our affiliates by any means, or a third party from whom we acquire, ownership or control of assets, shares or management. 2. Please note that Showmax offers services in jurisdictions located outside the European Economic Area and some of the data recipients referred to in clause 4.1 may be located outside the European Economic Area, in countries with respect to which the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision ("Third Country"). 3. Where personal data is transferred to a Third Country, Showmax takes legally required steps consistent with applicable European data protection legislation to ensure that the personal data is adequately protected in each such jurisdiction in particular by basing agreements with the relevant data recipients on the standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a supervisory authority and approved by the European Commission. Should you wish to obtain a copy of them, please contact us at dpo@showmax.com. 5. What are your rights? 1. Your data subject rights. You have the following rights with respect to your personal data processed by Showmax: Access: You have the right to access your personal data; Rectification: You can ask us to have inaccurate personal data amended. You can use the My Account section on the Showmax Website or the Showmax App to change basic information about you; Erasure: You can ask us to erase personal data.Note that we will keep only personal data that are necessary for us to comply with financial and tax regulations and for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; Object to marketing: You can object to processing your personal data for marketing purposes; Object to other processing: You can object to processing of your personal data based on the legitimate interest of Showmax unless we have a valid ground to continue processing the data; Portability: You can ask us to receive your personal data that you provided to Showmax in machine-readable format or have such data transmitted to a third party; and Restriction: We may be required to have your data restricted for processing in certain circumstances as defined in article 18 of the GDPR. 2. Exercise of your rights. You can exercise your rights and lodge requests to Showmax using the My Data section in My Account on the Showmax Website or the Showmax App. 3. Exercise of your objection to marketing: You may object to direct email/sms marketing, e-mail/sms marketing communications from us by indicating your communications preference in the Marketing Email Preference section in My Account on the Showmax Website. You may also unsubscribe using the link included in every direct email marketing communication or using the sms code indicated in direct sms marketing communication, it may take a few days for this request to be processed. You cannot unsubscribe from service administration related e-mails and sms messages. In the Marketing Preferences Section you may also opt-out from receiving push messages or from having your data processed for marketing purposes, with respect to other marketing, using the My Data section in My Account on the Showmax Website or the Showmax App. Please also see clause 8 - Cookies. 4. Withdrawal of consent. In some situations when we may seek your consent for processing. In such case, you will have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. 5. Support centre: Should you have any difficulties with exercising any of the rights referred to above using your Showmax Account, you may contact us at the customer support email address listed on showmax.com/contact for assistance (in such case, for security reasons you may be asked to confirm your request by logging into your Showmax account and upon such confirmation your request will be considered to be validly filed). 6. Complaints: You can raise a complaint about our processing with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. If you find it difficult to contact the data protection regulator, we will help you. 6. How long do we store data? 1. Data Retention Principles: We process your personal data during your subscription and following the end of your subscription to the extent that the data is necessary for the purposes with respect to which we are permitted and/or required to process data, in any event no longer than for the period of expiry of claims, including for the following purposes: compliance with obligations resulting from applicable laws to which Showmax is subject; establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims as well as for the purposes any other legal proceedings or compliance with any judgments and/or decisions issued by public authorities; research and analytics; marketing of Showmax products and services; and maintaining the Showmax Account in accordance with clause 6.2. 2. Access to your Showmax Account after subscription termination: Following the termination of your subscription, your Showmax Account will remain active for a period of five years. If you do not re-subscribe to the Showmax Service within that time, we will delete your Showmax Account and any related information to the extent that it is not used as set out in clause 6.1. 3. Data retention Principles with respect to consent: As outlined in clause 5.4 we might be processing your data on the basis of consent. In such event we process data only as long as the consent is valid and to the extent that the data is necessary for the purposes with respect to which we are permitted and/or required to process data. 4. Where appropriate we will encrypt, pseudonymize, anonymize and/or segregate information so that we may make use of it in a manner that avoids unnecessary identification, in the interest of protecting your privacy and enhancing security practices. 7. Security 1. Maintaining the security and integrity of your personal data is a high priority and we endeavour to maintain appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure the integrity of information, using accepted technological standards to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your personal data and to protect them from misuse, loss, alteration or destruction. 8.Cookies In order to ensure that the Showmax Website, Showmax App and Showmax Service work properly, to provide you with a personalised experience, we and certain of our third party service providers may set cookies or similar technologies such as in particular web beacons, pixels and advertising identifiers (together hereinafter referred to as "cookies") on your device, subject to your consent where relevant. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as session status, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. 2. The Showmax Website uses two basic cookie types: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary files stored on the user's end device until the user logs out, leaves the website or closes the software (web browser). Persistent cookies are stored on the user's end device for the time specified in the parameters of the cookies or until deleted by the user. In many cases, the default settings of the web browsing software (web browser) enable cookie storage on the user's end device. You can delete or block cookies from being set in your web browser settings or relevant software. Cookies set by Showmax will likely be labelled as first party cookies, and those set by our partners will be labelled third party cookies. Certain parts of the Showmax Website, the Showmax Service or the Showmax App may not work properly if first party cookies are blocked or deleted. 4. The types of cookies and the purposes for which they are used on the Showmax Website and the Showmax App include: the strictly necessary cookies, which enable use of the services available on the Showmax Website and Showmax App, for example cookies used for authentication of users and cookies that ensure security; performance cookies, which help us collect information about how the Showmax Website, the Showmax Service and the Showmax App are used, so that we can perform analytics and improve their performance; functionality cookies, which remember choices made by the user and functionality and interface and allow enhanced personalise personalisation of the Showmax Website, the Showmax Service and the Showmax App; and targeting cookies and advertising IDs for delivering adverts more relevant to users and their interests, as well as ad conversion tracking; these cookies are mainly set by our advertising partners. Third parties that engage in online behavioural advertising, or that provide such services to us as service providers, may offer additional control over this practice via a self-regulatory body called the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. For further details regarding the collection of information by third-party advertising companies or to exercise choices over online behavioural advertising practices, visit https://youronlinechoices.eu/. 5. Cookies under points 2. through 5. above are used only based on your previous consent which you can give by setting your cookie preferences upon your first visit to the Showmax Website, the Showmax Service or the Showmax Web. You can manage your cookie preferences and thereby withdraw your consent at any time in your account settings in My Account > My Privacy > Manage Cookies Consent. 9. Changes to this Policy and final provisions 1. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will post the revised policy on Showmax and will inform users of such amendments and of their effective date. In case of discrepancy between this document and the Showmax App end user licence agreement, the provisions of this Privacy Policy will prevail. This version of Privacy Policy applies from April 2023.English Español Français Privacy Policy Last revised date: Dec. 10th, 2018 How Sony uses TV data Sony Visual Products Inc. ("Sony") uses the IP address and information about your TV to connect your TV to the internet and to provide content and services you request. If you give consent, we also use TV data to provide Sony Smart TV functionality, to create content recommendations, to develop better products and services and to serve advertisements. This privacy policy also explains with whom we share TV data, how we transfer it to other countries, how long we keep TV data and how you can contact us with queries. Your choices Please confirm how Sony can use TV data by checking the appropriate items and selecting [Proceed]. You can select all uses, just some or none at all. If you don't want to give consent to Sony to use TV data, then just select [Proceed]. You can withdraw consent at any time by selecting [Privacy setting] in Help and altering your choices. Sony Smart TV services: This lets you experience the full smart TV experience. We make apps available which use Sony Smart TV servers, give you a 'DRM' key so you can access content protected by digital rights management (DRM) technology and we check your TV to see if it has the latest software installed. To do this, we collect and use: • TV device ID, status and setting information (such as model name, software version, language, region/country). Program recommendations: We offer search suggestions, recommended programs and thumbnails of content, based on what content you and others watch. To do this we collect and use: • TV device ID, status and setting information (such as model name, software version, language, region/country); • Viewing history data (such as search keywords, information about programs that are watched through this TV, such as genre, title, program reference number and how the viewer searched for and selected the program); and • Other TV use data (such as the number of times that you use the program recording function on your TV). Product improvements: We improve our TVs, applications and device settings by analyzing customer use patterns. To do this we collect and use: • TV device ID, status and setting information (such as model name, software version, language, region/country and settings for pictures, sound and system); • Other TV usage data (such as remote button presses, audio/visual format, type and number of connected devices (e.g. USB, HDMI), the number of times that you use the program recording function on your TV (e.g. when you connect a recording device via a USB cable), assigned channel settings and power on/off details); and • Usage data for pre-installed or featured apps (such as frequency of use and which app-settings are used). Advertisements: We serve ads on the home screen based on information such as the TV model and country/region. To do this we, and our advertising partners such as SpotX (where applicable), collect and use: • TV status and setting information (such as model name, software version, language, region/country); and • Your current Google Advertising ID. You can change your Google Advertising ID at any time by resetting the Google Advertising ID in Settings. Some of the information we collect, and the purposes for which we use data, may vary depending on the services available in your location. Where you select [Agree to all] or some uses, then we process information about your TV because you have given us your consent. We also process information about your TV where this is necessary for Sony to pursue its legitimate interests which are to deliver TV related services to you, for information security purposes and to help content owners prevent copyright infringement. How Sony shares TV information Sony shares information about your use of this TV where this is necessary to provide a feature or service you wish to use. • If you would like to learn more about content, cast, or creative contributors, your TV device ID, a Gracenote ID and the request for more information will be sent to Gracenote to provide you with these details. • If you use an app which uses Sony Smart TV servers, we send your TV device ID, status and setting information to the app publisher, so they can make the app available to you. • Where you have agreed to advertising, we will share some device information (your TV model number and device type and your country and region) and your current Google Advertising ID with our advertising management providers such as SpotX (where applicable). This allows such providers to display Sony and partner advertisements on your TV home screen. If you contact your local Sony entity in relation to queries about your TV, we may need to share TV data with that Sony entity to assist with your request.Personal data may be shared with government authorities, law enforcement officials and content owners if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if required for us to protect our legitimate interests, or the interests of content owners, in compliance with applicable law. If our business is sold or integrated with another business, TV data may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and may be passed to the new owners of the business. IMPORTANT NOTE: This TV includes non-Sony apps and services. Please refer to the privacy policies for these non- Sony apps and services which explain how they use personal data and what privacy controls they provide. For TV models with a built-in microphone: Your TV has voice recognition features and may be connected to the Internet. Voice recognition enables you to search for content and information you want with your voice. If you enable the hotword ("OK Google") detection under Settings, the built-in microphone will constantly listen to (but not save the temporary, brief recordings of) its surroundings to detect the hotword. An on- screen notice or an LED light will indicate when the microphone believes it has detected the hotword and the voice command is being recorded and collected by Google. For more information please see Google's website (https://myaccount.google.com/activitycontrols), which also explains where and how recordings collected by Google can be deleted. You can instead choose to leave the hotword detection switched off, and use voice recognition features by pressing the microphone button on the remote control, or selecting the microphone icon on the TV screen. Any other application that wishes to make use of your built-in microphone will do so under the terms of that app's privacy policy. Sony does not collect or make any use of recordings made by your microphone. Where does Sony transfer TV information? Sony Visual Products Inc. is a company incorporated in Japan and its servers may be located in various countries around the world (including Japan and the United States). These countries may not have the same level of legal protection for TV data as the laws in your country. What rights do you have, and how can you exercise them? You can go to [Help] > [Privacy setting], at any time, to withdraw consent you have given to our uploading your data. This may limit your ability to use certain services. How long does Sony keep TV data? Sony either deletes TV data or anonymizes it after approximately 6 months, except as required or permitted by law. How can you get in contact with Sony if you have questions? If you have any concerns about how we process your data, you can find our contact details below or on the website of your local Sony company at: US: privacy@am.sony.com Americas other than the US: http://www.sony-latin.com/locale-selector Africa, Middle East and Asia & Oceania: http://www.sony-asia.com/countryselector.html Política de Privacidad Fecha de última revisión: 10 de diciembre de 2018 Cómo utiliza Sony los datos del TV Sony Visual Products Inc. ("Sony") utiliza la dirección IP e información sobre su TV para conectarlo a Internet y para proporcionarle contenido y servicios que usted solicita. Si nos da su consentimiento, también usamos los datos del TV para brindar la funcionalidad de Sony Smart TV, para crear recomendaciones relacionadas con el contenido, para desarrollar mejores productos y servicios y para proveer publicidad. En esta política de privacidad también se explica con quién compartimos los datos del TV, cómo los transferimos a otros países, por cuánto tiempo conservamos los datos del TV y cómo puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros para realizar consultas. Sus opciones Marque los elementos correspondientes y seleccione [Continuar] para confirmar la forma en que Sony puede usar los datos de su TV. Puede seleccionar todos los usuarios, solo algunos o ninguno. Si no desea darle su consentimiento a Sony para que use los datos de su TV, solo seleccione [Continuar]. Puede seleccionar [Ajustes de Privacidad] en Ayuda para cambiar sus opciones y retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento. Servicios de Sony Smart TV: Esto le permite disfrutar de toda la experiencia de TV inteligentes. Ponemos a su disposición las aplicaciones que usan los servidores de Sony Smart TV, le damos una clave de "DRM" para que pueda tener acceso al contenido protegido por la tecnología de gestión de derechos digitales (DRM) y revisamos que su TV tenga instaladas las últimas versiones de software. Para hacer esto, recopilamos y usamos lo siguiente: • ID de dispositivo del TV, información de estado y configuración (tal como el nombre del modelo, la versión de software, el idioma y la región o país). Recomendaciones de programas: Ofrecemos sugerencias de búsquedas, programas recomendados y miniaturas del contenido, sobre la base del contenido que usted u otras personas ven.To do this, we collect and use the following: • TV device ID, status and configuration information (such as model name, software version, language, and country/region); • Viewing history data (such as search keywords, information about programs viewed through this TV, such as genre, title, program reference number, and how the viewer searched for the program and selected it); and • Other TV usage data (such as the number of times you use the program recording feature on the TV). Product Improvements: We improve our TVs, apps and device settings by analyzing customer usage patterns. To do this, we collect and use the following: • TV device ID, status and settings information (such as model name, software version, language, country/region, and picture, sound, and video settings). system); • Other TV usage data (such as remote control buttons pressed, audio format, visual format, type and number of connected devices [eg, USB, HDMI], number of times you use the video recording function, programs on the TV [eg, when you connect a recording device via USB cable], assigned channel settings and power on/off details); and • Usage data from pre-installed or featured applications (such as frequency of use and what settings are used in applications). Advertisements: We provide advertisements on the HOME screen based on information such as TV model and country/region. To do this, we, and our advertising partners such as SpotX (if applicable), collect and use the following: • TV status and configuration information (such as model name, software version, language, and region or country); and • Your current Google Advertising ID. You can change your Google Advertising ID at any time by changing the Google Advertising ID settings in Settings. The information that is collected and the purposes for which the data is used may vary depending on the services available in your location. If you select [I agree to all] or some of the uses, we will process your TV information because you gave us your consent. We will also process information about your TV if this is necessary for Sony to pursue its legitimate interests, which are to provide you with TV-related services, for computer security purposes and to help content owners prevent copyright infringement. How Sony shares information about the TV Sony shares information about the use of this TV if it is necessary to provide a feature or service that you want to use. • If you want more information about the content, cast or creative collaborators, your TV's Device ID, a Gracenote ID, and the request will be sent to Gracenote to provide these details. • If you use an app that uses Sony Smart TV servers, we send your TV's device ID, status and configuration information to the app publisher so they can make the app available to you. • If you accept advertising, we will share device information (your TV model number, device type, and country and region) and your current Google advertising ID with our advertising management providers such as SpotX (if applicable). ). This allows these providers to display advertising from Sony and its partners on the HOME screen of the TV. If you contact your local Sony entity regarding questions you have about your TV, we may need to share your TV data with that Sony entity to assist with your request. Personal data may be shared with government authorities, law enforcement officials, and content owners if necessary for the purposes listed above, if required by law, or if we must do so to protect our legitimate interests or the interests of content owners. content, in accordance with the corresponding law. If our business is sold or integrated with another, the TV data may be disclosed to our advisers and the advisers of any potential buyer and may be transferred to the new owners of the business. IMPORTANT NOTE: Non-Sony services and applications are included with this TV. Please refer to the privacy policies of these third-party services and applications that explain how personal data is used and what privacy controls they provide. For TV models with a built-in microphone: Your TV has voice recognition capabilities and can connect to the Internet. Voice recognition allows you to search for the content and information you want with your voice.If you enable wake word detection ("OK Google") in Settings, the built-in microphone will constantly listen to your surroundings (but will not save short, temporary recordings of them) to detect the wake word. An on-screen prompt or LED light will indicate when the microphone thinks the wake word has been detected and Google is recording and receiving the voice command. For more information, see the Google website (https://myaccount.google.com/activitycontrols), which also explains where and how recordings received by Google can be deleted. Instead, you can choose to leave wake word detection disabled, and use the voice recognition feature by pressing the Microphone button on the remote control or by selecting the microphone icon on the TV screen. Any other app that wishes to use your built-in microphone will do so in accordance with the terms of that app's privacy policy. Sony does not collect or use recordings made with your microphone. Where does Sony transfer the information from the TV? Sony Visual Products Inc. is a company incorporated in Japan and its servers may be located in various countries around the world (including Japan and the United States). These countries may not have the same levels of legal protection for TV data as those that exist in your country. What are your rights and how can you exercise them? You can go to [Help] > [Privacy Settings], at any time to withdraw the consent you have given us to upload your data. This may limit your ability to use certain services. How long does Sony keep data on the TV? Sony deletes data from the TV or anonymizes it after approximately six months, unless a different time period is required or permitted by law. How can you contact Sony with questions? If you have any concerns about the way your data is processed, please find our contact details below or on the website of your local Sony branch at the following address: USA: privacy@am.sony.com Others Americas: http://www.sony-latin.com/locale-selector Africa, Middle East, Asia and Oceania: http://www.sony-asia.com/countryselector.html Confidentialité Dernière date of revision : 10 déc 2018 Comment Sony use the phone données Sony Visual Products Inc. ("Sony") use the IP address and the information of your phone to connect to the Internet right away and offer the content and services you have. sued. If you and consent, we also use the données télé to offer the functions propres à la télé intelligente Sony in order to believe the recommendations on the content, developper of better products and services, and serve the publicity. La politic de confidentialité explique également avec qui nous partageons les données télé, comment nous les transferrons vers d'autres pays, pendant combien de temps nous conservons les données télé et de quelle façon vous pouvez communicar avec nous si vous avez des questions. Vos choix Veuillez confirmer de quelle façon Sony peut utiliser les données télé en cochant les éléments appropriés et en sélectionnant [Continuer]. You can select all the uses, some or none. If you do not agree with your consent to Sony to use the données télé, select seulement [Continuer]. Vous pouvez retire votre consentement à tout moment en sélectionnant [Paramètre de confidentialité] dans Aide et en modifiant vos choix. Sony smart phone services : Ils vous permettent de profiter de tous les avantages qu'offre la télé intelligente. Nous vous donnons accès à des applicaciones disponibles sur les servers de la télé intelligente Sony et vous donnons une clé « DRM » afin que vous puissiez avoir accès au content protégé par la technology DRM (Digital Rights Management) et nous vérifions votre télé pour voir si The latest version of the software is installed. Pour ce faire, nous recueillons et utilisons les informaciones suivantes: • ID d'appareil, état et información de configuración de la télé (comme le nom du modèle, la versión software, la langue, et la région ou le pays). Recommendations de programming : Nous offrons des suggestions de recherche, des recommendations de programming et des onglets de contenu, en nous basant sur ce que vous ou les autres regardez.To do this, we collect and use the following information: • Device ID, status, and TV configuration information (such as model name, software version, language, and region or country); • Viewing history data (such as search keywords, information about programs viewed by this TV, including genre, title, program reference number, and how the viewer searched and selected the program); • Other TV usage data (such as how often you use your TV's program recording feature). Product improvements: We improve our TVs, apps and TV settings by analyzing customer usage patterns. To do this, we collect and use the following information: • Device ID, status and TV configuration information (such as model name, software version, language, region or country, and settings movies, sound and system); • Other TV usage data (such as frequency of remote control use, audio/visual format, type and number of connected devices (e.g., USB, HDMI), frequency of use your TV's program recording function (eg when connecting a recording device via USB cable), setting assigned channels and power on/off details); and • Usage data for pre-installed or offered applications (such as frequency of use and settings of applications used). Advertising: We offer home screen advertisements with certain information such as TV model and country or region. To do this, we and our advertising partners, including SpotX (where applicable), collect and use the following information : • TV status and configuration information (such as model name, software version, language, and region or country); and • Your current Google Advertising ID. You can change your Google Advertising ID at any time by resetting it in Settings. Some of the information we collect, and what we use the data for, may vary depending on the services offered in your area. If you select [Consent to all] or certain uses, then we will process your TV information because you have given your consent. We will also process your TV information where it is necessary for Sony to pursue its legitimate interests of delivering TV services to you, for information security reasons and to help content owners prevent breaches. copyright. How Sony Shares TV Information Sony shares information about your use of this TV when it is necessary to provide a feature or service you wish to use. • If you want to know more about content, cast, or creative contributors, your TV device ID, a Gracenote ID, and the request for more information will be forwarded to Gracenote who will provide you with those details. • If you are using an app that uses Sony smart TV servers, we pass the device ID, status, and TV configuration information to the app publisher, so they can can give you access to it. • When you consent to receive advertisements, we will share certain information about your device (your TV's model number and device type, your country and region) and your current Google Advertising ID with our content management providers. advertising such as SpotX (where applicable). Thus, these providers will be able to display advertisements from Sony and its partners on the home screen of your TV. If you communicate with your local Sony company about your TV, we may need to share your TV data with the Sony company in order to respond to your request. Personal data may be transferred to government authorities, law enforcement officials and content owners for the reasons mentioned above, when required by law or when required by us to protect our legitimate interests or the interests of the content owners. , in accordance with the laws in force. If our business is sold or merged with another business, TV data may be disclosed to our advisors and any prospective buyer advisors, and may be passed on to the new owner of the business. IMPORTANT NOTE: This TV includes apps and services that are not offered by Sony.Please refer to the privacy policies of those apps and services which explain how personal data is used and what privacy controls they offer. For TV models with built-in microphone: Your TV has voice recognition capabilities and may be connected to the Internet. Voice recognition allows you to search for content and information with your voice. If you enable keyword detection ("Ok Google") in Settings, the built-in microphone will constantly listen (but not save the brief temporary recording) to its surroundings in order to detect the keyword. An on-screen notice or LED indicator will indicate when the microphone believes it detects a keyword and the voice command will be recorded and collected by Google. For more information, visit the Google website (https://myaccount.google.com/activitycontrols), which also explains where and how records collected by Google can be deleted. You can instead choose to leave keyword detection off and use the voice recognition features by pressing the microphone button on the remote or selecting the microphone icon on the TV screen. Any other app that seeks to use your built-in microphone will do so under the terms of the applicable app's privacy policy. Sony does not collect or use any recordings made by your microphone. Where does Sony transfer your information? Sony Visual Products Inc. is incorporated in Japan and its servers may be located in various countries around the world (including Japan or the United States). These countries may not have the same level of legal protection for TV data as provided by the laws of your country. What rights do you have, and how can you exercise them? You can go to [Help] > [Privacy Settings] at any time to withdraw the consent you have already granted to download your data. This may limit your ability to use certain services. How long does Sony keep your TV data? Sony will delete TV Data or anonymize it after approximately 6 months, except where required or permitted by law. How can you contact Sony if you have questions? If you have any concerns about how we handle your data, you can find our contact details on your nearest Sony corporate website at: US: privacy@am.sony.com Americas, other than USA: http://www.sony-latin.com/locale-selector Africa, Middle East, Asia and Oceania: http://www.sony-asia.com/countryselector .html