Privacy policy Version 1.2 We take your security and privacy very seriously and we aim to make your experience with us entirely safe and problem free. Please see our security guarantee and privacy policy below. This site is owned by Alamy Ltd ("Alamy", "we" or "us") whose registered office is at 6 - 8 West Central, 127 Olympic Avenue, Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxon, OX14 4SA, United Kingdom and our company registration number is 3807789, and we are the 'data controller' of the personal information you provide to us. Alamy acts on behalf of all Alamy group companies, i.e. all parent and subsidiary undertakings. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy when visiting our website and providing us with your personal information and this privacy policy statement summarises what personal details we may collect from you before, during or after you use our site and what we will do with them. You can contact us via the postal address above or via email at sales@alamy.com if you have any queries regarding this policy. We will review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time and all changes will be posted to this page. This page was last updated on 05/09/2019. Our security guarantee Every time you buy from our site or register using your credit card number we ensure that your on-line credit and debit card transactions are secure by using industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption technology. In addition, to ensure there is absolutely minimal risk to you, we offer a guarantee for every purchase you make using a credit or debit card on our secure server. Further information may be requested from you by payment service providers in accordance with applicable law and regulations. We will not record any of the information so provided. The guarantee we make to you is as follows. In the event of unauthorised use of your credit or debit card, most banks and card issuers either cover all of your potential charges or in some cases may limit your liability to just $50.00. At Alamy, if your bank or card issuer does hold you liable we will cover this liability up to $50.00, provided that the unauthorised use of your credit or debit card resulted through no fault of your own and was for Alamy purchases using our secure server. Please bear in mind that in the event of unauthorised use of your credit or debit card, you must still notify your card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. Our privacy policy We are committed to protecting your personal privacy and, in accordance with relevant data protection laws, we uphold strict security procedures for the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information. We have described below the personal information we may gather about you, the purposes we will hold it for and the limited categories of people to whom we may disclose it. What information do we collect and how may we use it? All visitors to the site: During your visit to our site, we will only collect personal information that you choose to provide, if for example you: contact us with an enquiry; register on the site; enter a competition or prize draw; request us to provide you with further information; post information to a public area of the site or take advantage of a promotion. If you share other people's data with us, for example if you buy one of our products for another family member, you will need to check that person consents to you providing that information to us. We may use the information held about you in the following ways: To administer any account you have with us, including any terminated account to which post-termination provisions applyTo perform our contractual obligations to youTo respond to your queries and requestsTo communicate with youTo notify you of any changes to our servicesTo ensure that the content of our site is presented in the most effective mannerTo provide you with the information, products and services requested from usTo provide you with helpful information about our products or services To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, should you choose to do soTo administer competition entries and to notify winnersAlamy market researchTo make improvements to the service we provide you We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information where we are required to do so by law, and to assist in any disputes, claims or investigations relating to your account or contract with us, and to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. We may also use information about your visits to our site to enhance your visit and to create a general demographic profile of visitors. E-mail and Live Chat correspondence with Alamy via our website and email addresses accessible through, or obtained from, this site may be recorded and/or monitored.By using these communication methods, you are consenting to the recording and/or monitoring of your emails and chats. Telephone calls with Alamy at the numbers accessible through, or obtained from, this site may be monitored for training purposes. By using this communication method, you are consenting to the monitoring of your calls. Customers and registered users: When you register on the site we will ask for your name and address, your company name and address, your email address and a password. This enables us to send you information which you have indicated you wish to receive from us, as well as related communications which we think you will find of interest, including our regular email newsletters and updates on any special offers or events coming up on the site. When you place orders with us we need to know your name, email address, invoice address, delivery address and telephone number. If the order is placed using a credit or debit card we also need the number and expiry date of the card, if paying on account we also need the email and contact name of the person responsible for paying invoices in your accounts payable department. This allows us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of your order status. We may provide some or all of this information to our partners or advisors for the purposes of completing or investigating a transaction with you or answering a question you raise with us. We sometimes provide pseudonymised data to 3rd parties to fulfil contractual obligations. We use information on your previous habits and purchases to personalise your shopping experience, and to show you products and promotions that we think will appeal to you. This information is collected by a 'cookie' which is stored on your computer's hard drive and enables us to automatically link our customers to their personalised accounts. If you want to, most web-browsers allow you to turn off the automatic acceptance of cookies on your PC. We also monitor the usage of our site and customer traffic patterns to help us improve the layout and functionality of the site. Contributors: If you register with us as a contributor, we need you to provide your name and address, (your company name if you register as an agency) your telephone number, your email address and a password. This enables us to administer your account and send you information which you have indicated you wish to receive from us, as well as important account specific information such as contractual notifications, operational updates and service emails. Additionally, to get paid for any sales made through Alamy we need to know your bank details; name of your bank, country, account holder's name and account number with sort code. Contributors covering News events: If you agree to cover a News event Alamy will share your required personal details with the event organizer so that you can gain access to the event. If the event organizer requires more details than what we currently hold we will request these details from you. We will delete any extra details we acquire in regards to your access to a News event within 2 years. In all cases cited above if you do not provide the data required we will not be able to provide you with our services, or the administration of those services may be hampered. What if I don't want to receive any correspondence from you? Where you have given your permission for us to use your data for particular purposes, or where we send you communications relating to Alamy products and services, you can at any time change your preferences as to how your data is used by us. Simply sign in to My Alamy and change your email preferences. Lightboxes As lightboxes can be emailed out and viewed by clicking on the URL link, the information contained in them could be viewed, but not altered by someone other than yourself or an intended recipient. Social Media You may contact us or comment on our products and services through social media. The information we collect from social media and online sites sometimes includes personal information that has been put online and is publicly available. Please refer to the relevant social media sites for details of their own privacy policies on how they collect and share your personal data. How do we store and protect your data? We take the security of your information seriously and we will endeavour to ensure that the personal information you submit to us is kept private and secure, and held in accordance with relevant laws. We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information.We protect your personal information using security measures such as encryption, access controls and physical security measures. We will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose the personal information you provide to us through the site to third parties (other than as listed below) unless we are required to do so by law. Third parties who provide services on our behalf We share your personal information with certain third parties who provide services on our behalf, or, in limited cases, who receive services from us. They only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services. They are required to keep your personal information secure and confidential and may only use it as permitted by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The third parties who provide services on our behalf fall into the following categories: Other Alamy group companiesPayment service providers including for the purposes of transaction administration, identification and authentication, fraud detection and prevention services and anti fraud screening servicesOur partners or advisors for the purposes of completing or investigating a transaction with you or answering a question you raise with usTranslators we engage to translate into different languages image captions and tags (keywords) and other information associated with an image Marketing agencies appointed to provide services to usThe service providers operating this site on our behalfSocial media platformsAccountants, auditors, law firms, information technology support providersAdvertising services, analytics services, content providers The information we collect about you, is hosted and stored in the UK and also outside of the EEA. We ensure our staff based outside the EEA are bound by the same conditions and standards and operate within the same levels of security as our staff in the UK when processing, hosting and storing your personal data. Those third parties with which we share your personal information may handle or transfer your personal information outside of the EEA. We make sure that any transfer of your personal information by us to any third party complies with all applicable data protection laws. By submitting your personal information to us, and by using our site, you agree to us transferring, storing and handling your personal information in this way. How long do we store your data? We will not keep your data for longer than is necessary for the relevant purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Where you have purchased a product or service from us, we will hold your relevant personal details to enable us to provide after-sale services and to administer the contract, including any relevant warranty. Where you are a Contributor (or an ex-contributor in respect of certain post-termination contractual obligations) as this is a contractual arrangement, we need to keep this data to administer the contract and correspond with you on any contractual matters arising. Your rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and The Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA) you have a number of rights with regard to your personal data. You have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, the right to restrict processing, object to processing as well as in certain circumstances the right to data portability. Please note we will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Public areas Any information you post on the public areas of the site (e.g. our forum) is accessible to and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. You are advised to use caution when posting personal information about yourself in public areas of this site. No data collected from children Our site is not directed at children and should not be accessed by them. We will not knowingly collect information from minors without their parent's or guardian's consent. Third Party Websites From time to time our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, affiliates and other third party sites. If you visit any of these sites please note that they have their own privacy policies and you should check these before submitting any personal data. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Cookie policy We explain what cookies are, how Alamy use them and how you can manage or remove them. What are cookies? A cookie is a small file stored on your device that's created each time you visit a website. Multiple cookies can be stored from one website and are used to make your online experience easier. A cookie file is generated by the site you're browsing and is accepted and processed by your computer's browser software.The cookie file is stored in your browser's local folder or subfolder. Cookies save your browsing information which means sites can keep you signed in, remember your site preferences, and give you locally relevant content. What sort of cookies does the Alamy website use? Cookies help us improve your experience by providing us with information about how the website is being used. Our cookies do not store financial information or other personal information such as your name or email address. In addition to our own cookies, we use third party tools which also use cookies. There is a notice on our website which provides a link to our cookie policy. If you continue to use the Alamy website, we will assume your consent to the use of cookies for this purpose. If, after reading this information you have any questions or concerns about our cookie policy please contact us at sales@alamy.com or read our privacy policy . We are using the different types of cookies listed below: Our last audit date was 13/04/2018 These cookies are essential for the operation of our websites. For example, they keep track of what you have in your basket and identify you as being signed in to the website and allows us to recognise you as a customer or contributor. If you block these cookies we cannot guarantee the website will perform correctly. Performance We use these cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance. For example, we might use them to keep track of which pages are most popular, test new website's design and operability and to see why some pages are receiving error messages. We use functionality cookies to remember choices you make such as which regional edition of the website you want to see when you sign in. These cookies recall any customisation you make to pages on the website during your visit. If you block these cookies certain features and services may be affected and we cannot be sure how the Website will perform during your visit. These cookies are used to track our visitors browsing habits and activity across our websites. They can be used to build up a profile of search and/or browsing history for every visitor. Identifiable or unique data may be collected. Anonymized data may be shared with third parties. This information is linked to site functionality provided by other websites, and may be shared with other organisations (such as advertising networks). We also use or allow third parties to serve cookies that fall into the four categories above. For example, like many companies, we use Google Analytics to help us monitor our website traffic. We may also use third party cookies to help us with market research, revenue tracking, improving site functionality and monitoring compliance with our terms and conditions. How do I control my cookies? You can manage the cookies we store from you on our website through your internet browser settings at any time. For more information about how to do this, and about cookies in general, you can visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu Please be aware that if you turn off all cookies, your experience on our website will be impacted, some of the functionality will be reduced and your overall experience on Alamy will be poorer. In this policy you will find all the information you need about our cookies usage. If you feel uncomfortable with these cookies, please ask us for more info or use the above guidelines to turn them off. Cancellation policy - 14 day money back guarantee If you have not downloaded an item of Content, you may cancel the Licence and get a full refund within fourteen (14) days of the Invoice date. You will need to send an email to sales@alamy.com , with the Invoice number (e.g. IY11110000) and the Content file number (e.g.AT4WHG). If you cancel, you will not be able to use the Content. Once you download a purchased item of Content, you agree that you have no right to a refund, unless expressly stated otherwise in the Agreement Email disclaimers Email disclaimer for Alamy Ltd, Alamy Inc., Alamy Australia Pty Ltd and Alamy Images India Pvt. Ltd The information contained in or attached to emails is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, you are not authorised to and must not disclose, copy, distribute, or retain any message or any part of it. If you have received an email in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer. We accept no liability for any loss or damage which may be caused by software viruses or interception/interruption of emails. The information contained or attached to an email may contain information which is confidential and/or covered by legal, professional or other privilege or other rules or laws with similar effect in other jurisdictions.Alamy Ltd Registered office: Alamy Limited, 6 - 8 West Central, 127 Olympic Avenue, Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxon, OX14 4SA, United Kingdom. Registered in England Number 3807789. Alamy Inc. Registered office: 49 Flatbush Ave, 130, Brooklyn, NY 11217, USA. Alamy Australia Pty Ltd Registered office: Level 6, 200 Adelaide Street, Brisbane QLD 4000, Australia. ACN: 167 740 650 Alamy Images India Pvt. Ltd Registered office: C-16, Gayatri Building, Technopark, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India. PIN - 695 581. Registered Number: U72900KL2004PTC016894. Public domain content Our website might have some collections that include images that are in the public domain, not protected by copyright or where the copyright ownership is unknown. Content can enter the public domain when copyright has expired, has been forfeited or is not applicable. For these images we don't claim any copyright or other intellectual property rights and neither do our contributors, we just provide you with access to a copy to use in line with the terms of the license you buy. Other copies of these images might be available elsewhere for free. What is Copyright? Copyright is a law that gives you ownership over the things you create. As copyright owner you have the exclusive rights to sell, display and distribute the work however you want. CustomersEnglish Terms and conditions ~ Copyright complaints Alamy and its logo are trademarks of Alamy Ltd. and are registered in certain countries. Copyright © 15/08/2023 Alamy Ltd. All rights reserved. Search by image Upload an imagePaste image link Drag and drop an image anywhere hereorWe use cookies to give you a better experience. By continuing to use alamy.com you accept our use of cookies . 343,580,376 stock photos, vectors and videos Enterprise Video Lightboxes Cart Account Hi there! Lightboxes Share Alamy images with your team and customers. Current lightbox Recent lightboxes Enterprise Find the right content for your market. Learn more about how you can collaborate with us. Search alamy Search with an image file or link to find similar images All images All images Photographs Vectors Illustrations Social 360° images Video Live news Search alamy Terms and conditions Here’s all the legal info you need to know if you’re working with us Jump to a section Other pages that might help Download the Licence agreement PDF Alamy Licence Agreement This is a legal agreement (the “Agreement”) between you or your company, firm or other organization, as applicable, ("you") and Alamy Limited ("Alamy"), each a “party” and together the “parties”. Alamy has been appointed by its Contributors to grant this Licence on their behalf. Please read this Agreement carefully in its entirety before you download or use any Content. By confirming the purchase of the Content, downloading the Content from the Website, or by otherwise obtaining or using the Content you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Content usage restrictions contained herein, in an Invoice and/or notified on the Website. If you do not wish to accept the terms of this Agreement, do not download the Content. Definitions “Content” Means the specific copy of the image, Video, 360 image, vector, illustration, or graphic available on the Website that you have selected, and which is identified on the Invoice. “Contributor” Means the parties who have submitted Content to Alamy or have allowed Alamy to access and obtain the Content. “Intellectual Property” Means all patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related rights, moral rights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, symbols, logos and designs, business names and domain names, rights in get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, rights to use, and protect the confidentiality of, confidential information (including know-how) and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, renewals or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. “Invoice” Means the invoice provided by Alamy that may include, without limitation, details of the Content selected, any limitations on the Licence in addition to those specified herein, the key terms of the Licence and the Licence Fee. The terms contained in the invoice will be incorporated into this Agreement and all references to the Agreement will include those terms. “Licence” Means the non-exclusive (unless otherwise stated in the Invoice) right Alamy grants to you to Reproduce the Content which may include Rights Managed and/or Royalty Free licences. “Licence Fee” Means any sums payable to Alamy by you in respect of the Licence. “Release” Means a model or property release or any other release or clearance of a third-party right or other permission which it is necessary or desirable to obtain in respect of your use of the Content. “Reproduction” Means any form of copying, publication, reproduction, display, distribution, broadcast, streaming, printing or other exploitation of the Content (in each case whether or not to an audience). “Rights Managed” Means Content licensed for specific rights and for a specific purpose notified to you in the Invoice and expressly designated as “Rights Managed” or “RM” on the Website or Invoice. “Royalty Free” Means Content licensed for an unlimited number of permitted uses for a one-time Licence Fee and expressly designated as “Royalty-Free” or “RF” on the Website or Invoice. “Terms” Means the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement and includes the terms contained in the Invoice. In the event of any conflict between the terms contained in the Invoice and those in this Agreement, the terms in the Invoice will prevail. “Video” Means the specific copy of the film, video footage or any other audiovisual work available on the Website that you have selected, and which is identified on the Invoice. “Website” Means the website owned and operated by Alamy at URL https://www.alamy.com/ (as amended by Alamy from time to time). Contracting parties The parties to this Agreement are Alamy and you.Alamy has been appointed by written agreement with its Contributors to grant this Licence. The Licence granted herein is conditional on compliance by you and your personnel and contractors with this Agreement and on Alamy’s receipt of the Licence Fee in full. Grant of rights and restrictions Subject to the restrictions set out in the Terms, Alamy grants to you the non-exclusive (unless otherwise stated in the Invoice) right to Reproduce the Content in accordance with this Agreement and solely in the manner and for the purposes set out in the Invoice.In relation to all Licences: subject to Clause 6.4, you may alter, crop or manipulate the Content as follows: when used in a news or editorial context, you may only crop or otherwise edit the Content for technical quality purposes, provided that the editorial integrity of the Content is not compromised, and the truth of the Content is maintained. The Content when used in a news or editorial context may not, under any circumstances, be otherwise altered;Content depicting in copyright artwork may be cropped or otherwise edited for technical quality purposes only, provided that the original context and setting of the Content is not altered; and subject to Clauses 3.2.1.1 and 3.2.1.2, you may alter, crop, manipulate and create derivative works from the Content; you must not incorporate any Content (or any part of it) into a logo, trademark or service mark;Content must not be used as references for creating drawings or other visual works unless specifically authorised in the Invoice;the Content Information (as defined in Clause 5.3) and any caption or keyword associated with the Content is provided “as is” and Alamy does not warrant the accuracy of such information. In particular you acknowledge that the Content Information may have been translated from its original language using an automated machine translation process that Alamy has had no input into or control over and that accordingly Alamy disclaims any liability for inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, insulting, offensive, infringing or unlawful Content created as a result of or arising out of such translation process; you acknowledge that the Content licensed to you may be original Content that has had certain pre-formatting changes carried out by Alamy, as may be specified on the applicable Invoice. You are solely responsible for ensuring that the Content so altered is suitable and appropriate for your intended use. You agree that any altered Content that gives an untrue representation of reality should not be used for news or current events reporting. You accept that pre-formatting changes carried out to original Content by the Contributor may not be specified on the Invoice; you may not use the Content in a pornographic, defamatory, fraudulent, lewd, obscene or otherwise illegal manner, including, but not limited to use: (i) in connection with pornography, adult videos, adult entertainment venues, escort services, or the like; or (ii) which may or may be deemed to infringe any third-party Intellectual Property or privacy rights, whether directly or in context or by juxtaposition with other materials;if any Content featuring a model is used in a manner that would lead a reasonable person to believe that the model personally uses or endorses a product or service or if the depiction of the model in the Content would be unflattering or unduly controversial to a reasonable person, you must accompany each such use with a statement indicating that the person is a model and the Content is being used for illustrative purposes only; subject to the credit obligations in Clause 5.3, you may store the Content in a digital library, network configuration or other electronic storage system to allow it to be viewed within your organisation and by your clients. When your Licence period (as set out in the Invoice) ends or if your Licence is otherwise terminated, you must promptly delete the Content from your computer, digital library, network configuration or other electronic storage system. Any subsequent reuses of the Content must be agreed with Alamy in advance of such use to ensure the Content is available to use under the rights you require; not all the Content is Released. It is your responsibility to check that all necessary Releases have been secured (see Clause 8 below);the Licence granted to you pursuant to this Agreement is personal to you and the Content may not: (i) subject to Clause 3.2.11, be sublicensed, resold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise made available for use to any third party; or (ii) be distributed separately or detached from a product or web page. For example, the Content may be used as an integral part of a web page design but may not be made available for downloading separately or in a format designed or intended for permanent storage or reuse by website users.Similarly, your end-users may be provided with copies of the Content as an integral part of work product but may not be provided with the Content or permitted to use the Content separately; you may only sublicense or assign the Content as incorporated into a work, project, product or production (each a “Product”) in accordance with the Terms and only to the extent strictly necessary for the Content to appear in such Product. If you sublicense or assign the Content to any third party pursuant to this Clause 3.2.11: (i) you will rescind your rights to use the Content in any other third party's work; (ii) liability for the performance of your obligations under this Agreement will not be affected; and (iii) you will at all times remain responsible for the acts and omissions of such third party under or in connection with this Agreement as though such actions or omissions were performed by you and it is your responsibility to ensure that that third party understands and abides by all the Terms; the Content may not be distributed in a way that would allow any third party to download, extract or access the Content as a standalone file;you may not use the Content in templates (i.e. in pre-formatted designs available to end-users to add their own content) without Alamy’s prior written consent;the Content may be shared by creating an image library, network configuration or other similar arrangement provided that only individuals employed or contracted by the entity which is a party to this Agreement have access to the Content through such sharing process; you acknowledge that the Content may be provided to Alamy subject to arrangements (involving intellectual property and/or any other rights or otherwise), restrictions, prohibitions, directions, or instructions imposed by Contributors on the use of such Content. You must: (i) comply with any and all such arrangements, restrictions, prohibitions, directions or instructions imposed by Alamy and/or its Contributors notified to you by Alamy before or at the time of delivery of the Content, either in the information accompanying the Content, on the Invoice or otherwise; and (ii) where applicable, ensure that certain arrangements (including payment of any applicable third party licence or other fee) are made directly with any such Contributor; and Clause 3.2.15(ii) will only apply to Content regulated by Football DataCo Limited (“DataCo”). Your use of DataCo Photos and DataCo Editorial Text Reports (as defined in Schedule 1) is additionally subject to the DataCo terms and conditions set out in Schedule 1, which may be amended from time to time in line with DataCo requirements (with any such amendments to be notified to you in writing by Alamy). In relation to all Licences, except Royalty Free licences, your Reproduction of the Content is strictly limited to the use, medium, period of time, territory and any other restrictions specified in the Terms. You may utilise the Content in any production process that may be necessary for the intended use specified in the Invoice.In relation to Video Content: you may not use stills derived from the Video without Alamy’s prior consent, except in in-context marketing, promotion, and advertising of a Product that incorporates the Video and only to the extent and in the context that such stills appear in that Product; andyou may not use any Video in a pornographic, unlawful or defamatory context or manner, including use depicting a person in the Content as engaging in acts of moral turpitude or criminal activity, except where used in a news or editorial context. Previews Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement: (i) no warranty or right or licence granted to you (other than in this Clause 4) will apply to any preview of any item of Content displayed in or downloaded from the Website or otherwise provided to you (a “Preview”); (ii) any Preview provided to you may only be used for your internal review and evaluation (and in the case of Video Content, for period not exceeding 30 days from the date such Preview is downloaded or made available to you); (iii) you will limit access to Previews to your representatives who are informed of the terms of this Clause 4; (iv) you will not make available any Product containing the modified or unmodified Preview or a derivative work thereof to any third party, other than to a client which agrees to be bound by this Clause 4; (v) unless and until you or your client purchases a Licence relating to the Preview, neither you nor your client will exploit, print, publish, display, distribute or publicly stream, broadcast, display or perform any Previews or Product containing the modified or unmodified Preview or a derivative work thereof; and (vi) if you or your client do not purchase a Licence from Alamy relating to the Preview (and in the case of Video Content, within 30 days from the date such Preview is downloaded or made available to you), you will permanently delete all copies of the Preview from any and all media. Credit and copyright issues No ownership of, or copyright in the Content will pass to you by the grant of any Licence. You acknowledge that, with the exception of certain Content that may be in the public domain (for which you are obtaining access rights), all right, title and interest in and to the Content and in any Content Information, including, without limitation, any applicable Intellectual Property rights therein remain with the Contributors, and other than the specific rights granted in Clause 3, nothing contained herein will be construed to convey any rights or proprietary interest in the Content to you. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, if any Content is Reproduced by you for editorial or news purposes, you must include the credit line "(Photographer’s or Agency’s name)/Alamy", or any other credit line specified by Alamy.The Content as stored, shared or otherwise made available by you, must at all times retain any Alamy source credit, the name of any artist (if applicable), the Content identification reference number, any third party credit or notice and any other information or metadata associated with the Content (“Content Information”) that is embedded in or provided with the electronic file that comprises any Content. Failure to maintain the integrity of the Content Information referred to in this Clause 5.3 will constitute a material breach of this Agreement. In connection with the use of "Alamy" or any other of Alamy’s, its partners' or Contributors’ trade names, trademarks, logos or service marks, including the names of all Content collections ("Marks"), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) such Marks are and will remain the sole property of Alamy, its partners or Contributors (as applicable); (ii) nothing will confer upon you any right of use in or to the Marks; and (iii) you will not now or in the future contest the validity of the Marks.You will immediately notify Alamy if you become aware or suspect that any third party: (i) has gained access to the Content through you; (ii) is wrongfully using the Content, in whole or in part; or (iii) is violating any of Alamy’s or any third party’s Intellectual Property rights. Warranty and limitation of liability Alamy guarantees that should any Content contain defects in material or workmanship which are notified in writing to Alamy within fourteen (14) days of the date of delivery of the Content, then Alamy will either replace that Content with another digital copy of the Content free from defect or refund the Licence Fee paid by you to the extent attributable to the defective Content, at Alamy’s option.Subject to Clause 8.3, where copyright subsists in the Content, Alamy warrants that it is authorised by the copyright holder to offer a Licence on the terms set out in this Agreement. Alamy makes no other warranty, express or implied, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.Neither Alamy nor the Contributors will be liable for any loss of profit or loss of revenue, loss of or damage to goodwill, loss of contracts, loss of customers or any indirect, special or consequential loss, damage, costs, expenses or other claims (whether caused by the negligence of Alamy, its servants or agents or otherwise) which arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, even if Alamy has been advised of the possibility of such loss. Each provision of this Clause 6.3 is to be construed as a separate limitation (applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of such provisions is held to be inapplicable, unreasonable or unenforceable in any circumstances) and will remain in force notwithstanding the termination or expiry of this Agreement or any Licence hereunder. Neither Alamy nor its Contributors will have any liability for any claims, damages, losses, expenses or costs arising as a result of or in connection with any alteration, cropping, manipulation, editing or any other modifications made to the Content by you or on your behalf or as a result of the context in which the Content is used.Subject to clause 6.6, Alamy’s maximum liability arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (whether such liability arises due to breach of contract, negligence or for any other reason) will be limited to five (5) times the total Licence Fees paid by you during the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to the notification to Alamy by you of an intention to make a claim under this Agreement. No term of this Agreement will preclude any liability or claim: (i) for death or bodily injury; (ii) for fraud; (iii) arising from willful default or gross negligence on the part of Alamy or any of its employees, agents or otherwise; or (iv) which cannot be excluded or limited by law.Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, each party acknowledges that: (i) the Website may contain archival or other collections that include Content that are not protected by copyright, are in the public domain or for which copyright ownership is unknown; and (ii) in respect of such Content: neither Alamy nor its Contributors purport to have any Intellectual Property rights in such Content and are solely providing you with access to their copy based on your compliance with this Agreement; andother copies of such Content may be available elsewhere for free. Payment Any Reproduction of the Content by you or on your behalf must be reported to Alamy as soon as practicable, and in any event within four (4) months of your download or receipt of the Content (whichever is earlier). Any failure in such reporting and/or delay in receipt of the Licence Fee by Alamy constitutes a material breach of this Agreement. Such material breach entitles Alamy to immediately terminate this Agreement and any Licence hereunder and may, in some instances, constitute an infringement of copyright and/or other Intellectual Property rights. Release information Unless Content is marked as having a Release available on the Website at the time you download or order it, Alamy gives no representations or warranties whatsoever: (i) as to the existence of any Releases associated with the Content; (ii) with respect to any names, trademarks, logos, trade dress, uniforms, registered or copyrighted designs, artistic works, architecture or other works depicted in any Content; (iii) with respect to any right of privacy or publicity of any person depicted in the Content; and (iv) in relation to the subject matter depicted or included in the Content and grants no rights in relation to the same. Alamy will not be liable for any third-party claims relating to the subject matter depicted therein. You must satisfy yourself that all Releases as may be required for the Reproduction of the Content have been secured and that they are appropriate for your intended use. You are solely responsible for obtaining all such Releases and will be solely liable in the event that a suitable Release is not obtained. If you are unsure as to whether any Releases are needed for your Content usage, then it is your responsibility to consult with relevant parties. You will not rely upon any representation or warranty given by Alamy employees or representatives save as set out in this Agreement. Any music, dialogue or other ambient audio contained in any Video is incidental only. Alamy gives no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the existence of any clearances or permissions relating to any such music, dialogue or audio that may be required and you are solely responsible for obtaining all such clearances or permissions.Some items of Content may contain placeholder music, dialogue, other audio, text, video and/or images (“Placeholders”).Such Placeholders are intended only for demonstrations purposes and Alamy makes no warranties or representations as to such Placeholders and you are solely responsible for obtaining your own cleared versions of the same. Failure or refusal by you to secure the relevant Releases for Reproduction of the Content is considered a material breach of this Agreement and a breach of Intellectual Property rights, for which you will be solely liable and for which you will indemnify and hold harmless Alamy, the Contributors, and their respective parents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, and all employees and agents. This indemnification is in addition to, not in lieu of, the indemnification set forth in Section 9 herein and will survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Indemnity You will indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless Alamy and the Contributors and their respective parents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, and all employees and agents thereof against any and all claims, damages, losses, expenses or costs, including but not limited to any reasonable legal costs, arising in any manner whatsoever from: (i) your unauthorised use of any Content; (ii) any third party claim in relation to your failure to secure any necessary Releases; and (iii) any other breach by you of any of your obligations under this Agreement. The terms of this Clause 9 will survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Licence fee You will pay the Licence Fee to Alamy in accordance with Clause 14.1, the Licence Fee depends on the nature of the rights granted. You agree to notify Alamy in the event that you wish to expand the usage for the Content and pay any additional Licence Fee. Use of any Content in a manner not specifically authorised under the Terms constitutes a material breach of the Agreement and may in some instances constitute an infringement of copyright and/or other Intellectual Property rights. Licence cancellation and termination Once you purchase an item of Content, you agree that you have no right to a refund, unless expressly stated otherwise in the Agreement.Alamy may terminate or withdraw your Licence in relation to the Content based on a potential or actual legal claim. Upon such termination or withdrawal, you and your client (if applicable) must immediately discontinue all future use of the Content, delete the Content and all copies from all magnetic/electronic media and destroy all other copies in its or your possession or control. Alamy may replace the Content with alternate Content upon its discretion. This Agreement and any Licence hereunder will terminate immediately if you: (i) enter into voluntary or compulsory liquidation, have a receiver appointed, or suffer any other insolvency or bankruptcy event, (ii) cease or threaten to cease to carry on trading (if applicable); or (iii) commit a material breach of this Agreement and, if such breach is remediable, it is not remedied within fourteen (14) days of receipt of notice requiring remedy. In the event of termination, all rights granted will immediately revert to us and any further exploitation of any Content may in some instances constitute an infringement of copyright and/or other Intellectual Property rights. Any provision of this Agreement that expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue in force on or after termination or expiry of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Confidentiality Each party agrees and undertakes that, both during and after the term of this Agreement, it will keep confidential, will not use for its own purposes and will not without the prior written consent of the other party disclose to any third party (other than to any company in either party’s group of companies) any information concerning the business and affairs of the other (including the terms (but not the fact) of this Agreement) which may become known to such party in connection with this Agreement unless such information is public knowledge, other than as a result of a breach of this paragraph, has been independently acquired from a third party without restriction on disclosure, or is required by law or any regulatory body or for the purposes of litigation by or against either party to be disclosed. Data Privacy We will collect and process personal information either submitted by you or collected by us to enable us to perform our contractual obligations to you and to provide services related to this Agreement.We will at all times adhere to applicable data protection laws and will process your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Overdue Invoices Unless otherwise agreed by us in writing, all Invoices are payable by you within thirty (30) days.If you do not make full payment of an Invoice on time, we reserve the right to: (i) charge interest on the outstanding amount at the rate prescribed by the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998 from the date payment was due until payment is received by Alamy; and/or (ii) terminate any Licence granted to you and/or suspend further services for you. Condition of Content You should make sure that you examine the Content for possible defects (whether digital or otherwise) before sending the Content for Reproduction. Subject to Clause 6.1, Alamy will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by you or any third party arising from any alleged or actual defect in any Content or its caption or in any way from its Reproduction. Downtime Due to the nature of server provision, downtime and lost transmissions may occur as part of routine maintenance. You are advised to maintain a copy of your account status and details of Content purchased. Audit You will keep separate and detailed records of all Reproduction of the Content to enable Alamy to verify your compliance with the Terms. On not less than 10 days prior written notice, Alamy, or any other person authorised by Alamy, may inspect any records, accounts and/or servers during normal business hours relating to the Reproduction of the Content to ensure that the Content is being used in accordance with this Agreement. This right of inspection will remain in effect for a period of one (1) year after the expiry or termination of any Licence granted to you. Miscellaneous terms Alamy reserves all rights to claim the royalties, levies, mechanical copying charges and other payments available from collective management organisations or other representative bodies in connection with secondary uses of the Content as incorporated in the end use (“Secondary Licensing Fees”), and you do not acquire any right, title or interest enabling you to claim or collect any Secondary Licensing Fees on our behalf, or on behalf of the authors we represent. The Licence is conditional on you not being aware of or having received, prior to licensing any Content, any correspondence, representations, complaints or claims from Alamy or third parties (collectively “Claims”) alleging that the Content in question is in breach of copyright or other third party Intellectual Property rights or is in some other way unauthorised. Any such Claims existing at the time the Content is purported to be Licenced will render any Licence granted void from the beginning. Any use of in-copyright Content in a manner not expressly authorised by this Agreement may constitute copyright infringement, entitling Alamy to exercise all rights and remedies available to it under copyright laws around the world. You will be responsible for any damages resulting from any such copyright infringement, including any Claims by a third party. In addition, and without prejudice to Alamy's other remedies under this Agreement, Alamy reserves the right to charge and you agree to pay a fee equal to up to five (5) times Alamy's standard Licence fee for the unauthorised use of the Content. You shall ensure that you provide and maintain a valid and accessible email address supplied to Alamy at registration or as updated and notified to Alamy from time to time. Alamy may contact you or provide any notice to you under these Terms at the email address, postal address, telephone number, or using any other communication method, provided by you when you register.Except where expressly stated otherwise in these Terms, no variation of any of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by Alamy and you. The failure or delay by either party to enforce at any time any one or more of the terms or conditions of this Agreement will not be a waiver of such rights or any other rights.This Agreement and the Terms overrides any terms contained in any purchase order or other communication sent by you, and no act or inaction by Alamy can be taken as acceptance of your offered terms.Each party acknowledges that, in entering into this Agreement, it has not relied on any representation made by the other party that has not been set out in this Agreement.Neither party will be liable to the other under or in connection with this Agreement for any failures, interruptions, delays or other matters of a similar nature arising out of circumstances beyond its reasonable control.Subject to Clause 3.2.11, neither party will assign, sub-contract, sub-license or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.The parties agree that for the purpose of Section 1(2) of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 no term of this Agreement will be enforceable by a third party. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Agreement will continue in force in relation to the unaffected provisions and the remainder of the provision in question.This Agreement supersedes all prior understandings both oral and written between the Parties.This Agreement, its validity and effect, will be interpreted under and governed by the laws of England and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. If Alamy is required to enforce its rights as a result of any breach of these terms, whether legal proceedings are commenced or not, you agree to indemnify Alamy in respect of all reasonable legal fees and costs incurred by Alamy in relation thereto. Schedule 1: Dataco DataCo Photos and Editorial Text Reports Your use of Content concerning: any photographs taken from any of the football matches listed below, or from within a stadium of an English Premier League or Football League club (“DataCo Photos”); orany reports which contain opinion and describe or illustrate passages of play made from any of the football matches listed below, or from within a stadium of an English Premier League or Football League club (“DataCo Editorial Text Reports”), is subject to the restrictions set out below.Football Matches English Premier League;English Football League;League Cup (including final);FA Cup (up to, but not including semi-final); and“Friendlies” where an English Premier League or Football League club is the “home” club. Restrictions Dataco Photos and DataCo Editorial Text Reports may only be published by Customer (or any Customer Affiliate) for Permitted Editorial Use only and news reporting services only and must only be used for the personal, private non-public facing use of the Customer's end users. No more than one hundred and twenty (120) Dataco Photos of any football match may be published during the time that such match takes place (together with an additional forty (40) photographs during extra-time, if applicable).Dataco Photos must not be: altered or manipulated other than ‘flipping’; ‘cropping’ performed in good faith (provided that the meaning or circumstances depicted are not distorted); fun and harmless manipulation as an editorial means of telling a story; standard computerised enhancement in the form of minor alterations; presenting a player as a player of another club only in order to anticipate a post-transfer photocall in circumstances where the player’s transfer has been officially announced or confirmed by the transferee club; or to create computer-generated composite players, match officials, managers or coaches; manipulated to obscure or remove a sponsor’s name or logo;used in any “photosales” (i.e.sale of high-quality images to individual consumers) without approval from the applicable football clubs represented in the photograph;used without a visible attribution to the photographer who took the relevant DataCo Photo (or their agency) on behalf of Alamy or The Press Association Limited. Dataco Photos and DataCo Editorial Text Reports must not be: unless specifically authorised in writing by the relevant football club or league, reproduced as part of any service (whether digital or print) and/or any website, publication or product that is offered, titled, described or promoted as: an official club or league website, publication or other service or product; orsubstantially on a single player or single club basis; used in any merchandise or souvenirs (including without limitation memorabilia, collector cards, stickers, posters, badges, calendars and clothing); used in, or for the purpose of promoting or advertising, any gambling service or product without first obtaining a licence from Football Dataco Limited or the applicable club or league permitting such use;used in, or for the purpose of promoting or advertising, any game or competition which is not a promotional tool used in a bona fide editorial news services without first obtaining a licence from Football Dataco Limited or the applicable club or league permitting such use;used in any way that creates or implies an endorsement or commercial association unless such an endorsement or commercial association exists; used in any way that emulates audio or audiovisual material, unless the product is for people with visual impairment;used in any website, publication or other service or product which: contains, advertises, promotes or links to any unauthorised Premier or Football League or club logos or trademarks, or any unauthorised audio or audio-visual coverage of any Premier or Football League match, whether by live or near live streaming, or downloading of recorded content or via any other means of communication (unauthorised meaning without licence granted by the applicable football league or as otherwise permitted by law); or incorporates any fixture lists or data where such use amounts to an infringement of Football Dataco Limited’s (or the applicable league’s or club’s) intellectual property rights; used in advertising and marketing materials; in posters; or in news and information archive databases unless permission is first obtained from Football DataCo Limited and subject to certain conditions;published during the match to which they relate unless there is a delay of not less than 60 seconds before publication. This also applies to any related user generated content; and/or published during a match where they amount to a continuous match commentary or live data service. Terms and conditions of sale for credit accounts Interpretation In these conditions: “Buyer” means the person who makes the purchase of the Image(s)/Video(s) online through the Alamy Website or who authorises the Seller to make a purchase on their behalf. Image(s) /Video(s)” means the digital Image(s)/Video(s) that is supplied via the Website to the Buyer to fulfil their purchase. “Seller” means Alamy Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under number 3807789. “Conditions” means the standard terms and conditions of sale for credit account customers set out in this document and includes any special conditions agreed in writing between the Buyer and the Seller. “Contract” means the contract for purchase and sale of Image(s)/Video(s) “Website” Means the website owned and operated by Alamy at URL https://www.alamy.com/ (as amended by Alamy from time to time). “Writing” includes email or postal service The headings of these Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation. Basis of the sale The Image(s)/Video(s) may be purchased in a number of ways, either directly by the Buyer online using the Alamy Website or by the Buyer directing an employee of the Seller to purchase the Image(s)/Video(s) for them. In all cases the Buyer acknowledges that the sale has occurred.The Buyer agrees that all Image(s)/Video(s) sales are governed by the Licence Agreement. The Licence Agreement can be viewed here .The Buyer acknowledges that the Licence Agreement referred to in clause 2.ii is liable to change and the Licence Agreement in place on the Website at the time of each Image(s)/Video(s) sale determines the Licence Agreement applicable to that sale.Any typographical, clerical or other error or omission in any sales literature, quotation, price list, acceptance of offer, invoice or other document or information issued by the Seller shall be subject to correction without any liability on the part of the Seller. Price of the Image(s)/Video(s) The Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall purchase the Image(s)/Video(s) at a price which can be set in a number of ways. The Buyer may purchase the Image(s)/Video(s) at a price given by the Seller's price calculator on the Website, by the Buyer agreeing a quotation with the Seller, or in line with a price Agreement already agreed upon by the Buyer and the Seller.The price may be exclusive of any applicable Value Added Tax (VAT) or other tax on sales, which the Buyer shall additionally be liable to pay the Seller. Terms of payment Subject to any special terms agreed between the Buyer and the Seller the Seller will invoice the Buyer once the order process is complete on the Alamy Website.The Buyer shall pay the price of the Image(s)/Video(s) within 30 days of the date of the Seller's invoice. Any alterations to this payment term have to be agreed in Writing with the Seller. Receipts for payment will only be issued upon request.The Seller operates a "Cancellation Policy" the terms of which are available in the licence cancellation clause in the Licence Agreement available through the Website and on each invoice. The Seller reserves the right to change this policy without notice. Bank charges. The Buyer will pay for the Buyer’s bank charges and not deduct these from any amount owed to the Seller.If the Buyer fails to make payment on the due date then, without prejudice to any other remedy available to the Seller, the Seller shall be entitled to: Cancel the Contract or suspend further services for the Buyer.Charge interest on overdue invoices and reasonable recovery costs. The Seller understands and will exercise our statutory right to claim interest and compensation for debt recovery costs under late payment legislation if we are not paid according to agreed terms. For account holders in the UK: Interest will be charged at the Bank of England base rate plus 8%.For account holders in the EU: Interest will be charged at the ECB base rate plus 7%.For account holders in the US and Rest of the World: Interest will be charged at the Bank of England base rate plus 8%. Credit Account Terms The Buyer agrees that the Seller has the right to set credit limits on the account as they see fit and to withhold further credit at the Seller’s discretion. The Seller has the right at all times to terminate the credit account and not to allow any future purchases. Insolvency This clause applies if: The Buyer makes any voluntary arrangement with its creditors or (being an individual or firm) becomes bankrupt or (being a company) becomes subject of an administration order or goes into liquidation (otherwise than for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction); orAn encumbrancer takes possession, or a receiver is appointed, of any of the property or assets of the Buyer; or The Buyer ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business; orThe Seller reasonably suspects that any of the events mentioned above is about to occur in relation to the Buyer and notifies the Buyer accordingly. If this clause applies then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Seller, the Seller shall be entitled to cancel the Contract or suspend any further deliveries of Image(s)/Video(s) to the Buyer without liability to the Buyer, and if the Image(s)/Video(s) have been delivered but not paid for then the price for them shall become immediately due and payable notwithstanding any previous agreement or arrangement to the contrary. Data Protection We shall process any personal information submitted by the Buyer to Alamy under these Conditions in accordance with our Privacy Policy . General Any notice required or permitted to be given by either party to the other under these Conditions shall be in Writing addressed to that other party at its registered office or principal place of business or other such address as may at the time be relevant having been notified pursuant to this provision to the party giving notice.The Seller’s Licence Agreement will apply exclusively to all dealings between the Seller and the Buyer.No waiver by the Seller of any breach of the Contract by the Buyer shall be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.If any provision of these Conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part the validity of the other provisions of these Conditions and the remainder of the provisions in question shall not be affected. The Contract shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the Buyer agrees to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in England and Wales. CustomersEnglish Terms and conditions ~ Copyright complaints Alamy and its logo are trademarks of Alamy Ltd. and are registered in certain countries. Copyright © 15/08/2023 Alamy Ltd. All rights reserved. Search by image Upload an imagePaste image link Drag and drop an image anywhere hereorWe use cookies to give you a better experience. By continuing to use alamy.com you accept our use of cookies . 343,580,376 stock photos, vectors and videos Enterprise Video Lightboxes Cart Account Hi there! Lightboxes Share Alamy images with your team and customers. Current lightbox Recent lightboxes Enterprise Find the right content for your market. Learn more about how you can collaborate with us. Search alamy Search with an image file or link to find similar images All images All images Photographs Vectors Illustrations Social 360° images Video Live news Search alamy Terms and conditions Here's all the legal info you need to know if you're working with us Jump to a section The Contributor Contract This contract is entered into between you, as a Contributor (hereafter referred to as “you” or the Contributor) and Alamy Ltd (“Alamy”, “we” or “our”) (the “Contract”). By registering as a Contributor , you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions set out below. Background (the legal wording written in Plain English) You are signing up to submit Content to, and have it licensed by, AlamyYou also have the option to have Content licensed through our network of DistributorsYou are responsible for the Content you upload, and you must be certain that you are allowed to make that Content available to Alamy – you may be the copyright holder, have the copyright holder’s permission, be contractually entitled to distribute the image for its proposed use, or the image is copyright freeWe will pay you up to 50% of a direct sale made via Alamy (see Alamy Commission Table for detail) You can cancel this Contract at any time with just 45 days’ written noticeWe report licences to you as soon as we know about themWe’ll pay you every month that your balance is over US $50You will caption and keyword (tag) your ContentThe information you supply must be correct, particularly information related to model or property releasesPrices are determined by AlamyAlamy’s customers cannot use your Content for pornographic, defamatory, or any other unlawful purposes Your contract with Alamy Contains all the contractual conditions you need to know about working with usGives details of: What you get paidWhen you get paidHow you get paid Gives all financial information in US Dollars, but we may pay you in other currencies Any amendments to this Contract take 45 days to come into effect after we post them here: Record of contract changes . We will also notify you of these changes, either by email or in a reasonably prominent position to which the attention of Contributors is drawn. Terms and conditions of the contract The Content Content means any digitised photograph, video, illustration, audiovisual or other image of whatever nature which you submit to Alamy at any time during the term of this Contract.The Content and Metadata must comply with all Alamy’s technical, quality, content and other criteria and requirements as set out on the Alamy Websites .Acceptance of any Content by Alamy as well as the Content’s availability on the Alamy Websites will be at Alamy’s sole discretion. Alamy may at any time reject or delete Content in its absolute discretion. Where you submit Content via hard drive, you will provide the hard drive to Alamy and Alamy will return the hard drive to you (each at your expense) after uploading the Content onto the System . You acknowledge and agree that you are solely and exclusively responsible for all Content and Metadata that you submit and for all data that you store on the System. You acknowledge and agree that Alamy does not and cannot review all Content and Metadata uploaded and is not responsible for the Content and Metadata. Submission and deletion of Content You must assign a Licence type to each item of Content you submit to the System and must ensure that you understand the implications of each type of Licence type you select.You cannot submit identical or similar items of Content to Alamy as both Royalty Free and Rights Managed . The Licence type you select for an item of Content must be the same as the licence type for that Content and similar Content which you have made available on other agency websites. You must keep the System up to date at all times by any method notified to you by Alamy, including by use of the Contributor section of the Alamy Websites and/or any spreadsheet provided to Alamy by you. You must notify Alamy prior to any sale of Content on exclusive terms not made via the System.In addition to your rights to terminate the Contract, you may delete any item of Content after ninety (90) days’ notice to Alamy. If you delete an item of Content due to any potential or actual legal claim, you must notify Alamy immediately.You will not use the System for the purposes of uploading, posting, making available and/or in any other way processing Content or any information related to the Content: (i) in breach of any applicable law; (ii) in a way that may or may be deemed to constitute incitement to racial hatred, child pornography, slander, insult, instigation of rebellion, discrimination against any group, an unlawful description of violence, a violation of any intellectual property law or data protection laws; or (iii) in a way that may be conceived as threatening, insulting, racist, offensive, vulgar and/or indecent. Subject to the terms of this Contract, you may supply the Content to Alamy on a Non-exclusive basis and may therefore license your Content in any other way you wish.Subject to the terms of this Contract, you may supply the Content to Alamy on an Exclusive basis. You warrant and represent that Content marked by you as “Exclusive to Alamy” on the System will be Exclusive to Alamy.You acknowledge and agree that Content that is: (i) an exact reproduction (in all or part) of a work of art; (ii) not protected by copyright; or (iii) in the public domain or for which copyright ownership is unknown, can never be Exclusive and must never be marked as “Exclusive to Alamy”. In the event of a breach by you of clause 2.8, Alamy may, in its sole discretion: reclaim the percentage difference in commission paid in respect of such Content;restrict your ability to mark images as “Exclusive to Alamy”; and/orterminate the Contract immediately. Notwithstanding clause 16.7, by marking Content as Exclusive, you grant Alamy the right to chase third party infringements of the Content without Alamy having to consult you. Where pursuing such infringements if it is found that the Content has been licensed through another licensing platform, Alamy has the right to recoup any fees (including reasonable administration fees where escalated to legal action), that Alamy has incurred in the pursuit of any action taken. Effects of deletion If an item of Content is deleted, whether by you or by Alamy, any Licences granted prior to the date of deletion will remain in full force and effect. Alamy may continue to grant Licences for: Content relating to a specific use that has been downloaded by a Customer or potential Customer for such specific use prior to the date of deletion, provided always that Alamy will only be permitted to grant Licences in accordance with this clause 3.1.1 for a period of two (2) years following the date of deletion; Content relating to a specific use in respect of which Alamy had entered into negotiations with a Customer or a potential Customer or Distributor prior to the date of deletion, provided always that Alamy will only be permitted to grant Licences in accordance with this clause 3.1.2 for a period of two (2) years following the date of deletion; orContent that is being re-used in accordance with clause 6.5. You undertake for yourself and on behalf of the Copyright Owner , that at any time during the term of this Contract or following termination of the same, neither you nor the Copyright Owner will enter into any licence or disposal which conflicts with any Licence granted by Alamy pursuant to this Contract. Where an item of Content is deleted whether by you or by Alamy, you will continue to indemnify Alamy as outlined in clause 5 after the date of deletion for any claims, damages, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses related to the Content. Contributor warranties, representations & obligations You warrant and represent that: by using our Website, you have the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Contract and to fully perform all of your obligations hereunder and that you are at least 18 years of age; your Registration is full and accurate and includes your full legal name, address and payment details and that you will keep such information up to date at all times.You will provide and maintain a valid and accessible email address supplied to Alamy at Registration or at a later date via your Account , which we may use to contact you for important account specific information such as contractual notifications, operational updates and service emails; either: (i) you are the Copyright Owner of the Content; (ii) you have authority from the Copyright Owner to make the Content available in accordance with this Contract; (iii) you have been supplied the Content to make available for the uses for which you have indicated on the System; or (iv) the Content is entirely free from copyright and no such attribution is required;the Content does not infringe upon any third party copyright nor any other third party intellectual property rights (when licensed in accordance with this Contract) and that the Copyright Owner is the sole owner of the copyright in the Content, which is free from any third party rights of the entire copyright; you hold the rights to grant reproduction rights in the Content for use: (i) in digital media, print, motion picture, television, video, cable, computer, radio, cartoon or merchandising; (ii) on physical articles and items including without limitation on prints and posters; (iii) on electronic equipment, mobile phones and mobile devices, CD-ROM, DVD, digital optical disk data storage and other media or via the Internet; and (iv) in any catalogue, Internet sites or marketing in any form; subject always to clause 4.1.11, except for any rights that have previously been licensed or granted in relation to the Content, there is not and will not be during the term of this Contract, any limitation or restriction on Alamy’s ability to license the Content;the Content uploaded to the System will not be, or be deemed to be indecent, obscene, defamatory, insulting, racist, offensive, vulgar or violate publicity rights;where you have indicated that a Model Release is available: (i) the Release is legally binding; (ii) your representation that a Release is available is true and accurate; (iii) (except as otherwise notified to Alamy via the System) the Release allows the Content to be used for all uses anywhere in the world without restriction including without limitation uses in relation to sensitive issues; (iv) you hold all permissions needed for the exploitation by third parties of the Content, including, without limitation, from subjects, depicted in the Content and/or original clients for whom the Content may have been created. and (v) any use or exploitation of the Content by Alamy, a Customer or a Distributor will not violate the rights of any model depicted in the Content, including without limit, any privacy or publicity rights anywhere in the world; where you have indicated that a Property Release is available: (i) the Release is legally binding; (ii) your representation that a Release is available is true and accurate; (iii) (except as otherwise notified to Alamy via the System) the Release allows the Content to be used for all uses anywhere in the world without restriction including without limitation uses in relation to sensitive issues; (iv) you hold all permissions needed for the exploitation by third parties of the Content, including, without limitation, from owners of products or property depicted in the Content and/or original clients for whom the Content may have been created, and (v) any use or exploitation of the Content by Alamy, a Customer or a Distributor will not violate the rights of any third party, including without limit, any intellectual property rights anywhere in the world; where you have indicated that a Release is available, you must immediately make the Release available to Alamy if so requested;you have detailed in full in the relevant fields of the System any and all restrictions that you wish to apply to each item Content, such restrictions to include all rights that have previously been licensed or granted in respect of the Content. You acknowledge and agree that Alamy may set additional restrictions in relation to the Content; the author of the Content has waived all moral rights in respect of the Content;there are not and (to the best of your knowledge and belief) will not be any claims by any other party in connection with the use, reproduction or exploitation of the Content;where your Content is included in search engine listing and promotion pursuant to clause 15.1, no claim will be made by you for breach of copyright in respect of the Content displayed;the Content was not taken in any place where photography for commercial gain is forbidden, e.g. some museums, art galleries and other public or private buildings or areas; and the Content complies with the privacy and property laws of the country in which it was taken, e.g.in certain countries before taking a photo of someone you are required by law to ask the subject’s permission. You will ensure that all information provided by you for display alongside the Content, including any Metadata, agency names and any other descriptions: (i) only includes information pertaining to the Content itself; and (ii) does not include contact details, web addresses, URLs, copyright and rights management information, or any personal details from which a living person can be identified, except in cases of journalistic or news reporting or where the consent of any person depicted in the Content has been obtained or where another legitimate reason exists. You grant to each Customer: the right to alter the Content including any cropping, manipulation, combining and creation of derivative Content, provided always that such alteration is not indecent, obscene, pornographic, defamatory or otherwise unlawful.the right to preview and have access to the Content, where Alamy offers license models through an Application Program Interface (API), File Transfer Protocol (FTP), or any other means, that will make the Content available for use by Alamy's Customers (or where applicable, Distributors) on a high-volume basis. You will ensure that all Metadata including, without limitation, any and all other information pertaining to the Content: (i) is and will remain accurate and factually correct; (ii) does not infringe the copyright or any other third party right; and (iii) is not indecent, obscene, pornographic defamatory or otherwise unlawful.Where the Content has been licensed to a Customer in accordance with this Contract, you will not contact that Customer for any reason pertaining to the sale or the use of the Content. In the event you become aware of any alleged copyright infringements in respect of the Content, you will: (i) contact Alamy first to check whether a permitted download, access (in accordance with clause 4.3.2), or a licence has been made; and (ii) will not contact the user of the Content unless and until Alamy advises you that it will not be pursuing the alleged infringement in accordance with clause 16. Indemnities You will indemnify, defend (at the request of Alamy) and hold Alamy and its affiliates, Customers, Distributors, sub-licensees and assigns (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal expenses) which any of the Indemnified Parties incur arising from or in in relation to: (i) any claim that the Content or Metadata infringes any third party’s copyright or any other intellectual property right (ii) any breach of any your representations, obligations and warranties under this Contract or the System. This clause will remain in force after the termination of this Contract. Appointment of Alamy You grant to Alamy the right to license, distribute, use, market, reproduce, publish, communicate and make available to the public, store, and otherwise exploit the Content in the territory specified by you in any and all media and formats whether current or yet to be developed (including, without limitation, in digital media, print, motion picture, television, video, cable, computer, radio, cartoon, merchandising, via the Internet, on electronic equipment, mobile phones and mobile devices, CD-ROM, DVD, digital optical disk data storage on physical articles and items, and in any catalogues, Internet sites or marketing) via the System. Where you grant Alamy the right to issue Royalty Free Licences in respect of the Content, Alamy may vary the licence it grants from a Royalty Free Licence to a Rights Managed Licence or Royalty Free editorial licence. If you notify Alamy that you do not agree to such variation, then Alamy may at its sole discretion either continue to grant Royalty Free Licences in respect of the Content or delete that item of Content from the System. You may grant Alamy the right to issue Novel Use Licences in respect of the Content by notification to Alamy via the System or by email.Alamy has full authority to negotiate all terms of commissions, licences and reproduction rights of the Content including the fee, duration and scope of any Licence at its absolute discretion. You authorise Alamy to agree to any cropping, manipulation, combining and creation of derivative Content. When re-licensing Content that has been previously licensed to a Customer, if, in Alamy's reasonable opinion, the context within which the Content is to be used is the same or very similar to that of the previous use (for example, extensions of print runs, foreign language versions, new editions and reproduction in new or different forms of media), Alamy is permitted to grant a re-use licence on the terms and conditions, restrictions and availability in place at the time of the original licence.This clause will remain in full force and effect even after termination of this Contract or deletion of the Content. As an example, Alamy is not entitled to grant licences for a book called 'Countries of the world' if the previous use was a book called 'The world Encyclopaedia' with different content or to grant licences for a magazine or advert if the previous use was for a book. Alamy will have the right to add, amend or delete any Metadata if, in Alamy’s opinion, this would be likely to increase the sales potential for that Content or if it believes the Metadata to be incorrect. You authorise Alamy to add the Content to the System.If you agree to Content Options , you grant Alamy the right to carry out certain pre-formatting changes to the Content prior to release for licensing.You acknowledge and agree that Alamy will have the right to translate the Metadata into any language, including by use of an automated machine translation process that Alamy has had no input into or control over and that accordingly Alamy disclaims any liability for any failure to translate or for any inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, insulting, offensive, infringing or unlawful content created as a result of or arising out of such translation process. You will only remain responsible for providing and maintaining accurate Metadata in the original language provided. Alamy's obligations Alamy agrees to use its reasonable commercial endeavours to grant Licences in accordance with your instructions. Alamy will not be liable if it (or a Distributor) licenses or otherwise makes available an item of Content outside the instructions specified by you.Alamy agrees to use its reasonable commercial endeavours to obtain reasonable Licence Fees .Where you act on behalf of the Copyright Owner, this Contract is with you only. Pricing and promotion Alamy is entitled to set and agree prices in relation to the Content in its absolute discretion.Alamy has the right to apply promotions to the Content in order to promote the Alamy service without your consent or approval, including, but not limited to for the purpose of acquiring new Customers or to stimulate buying from existing Customers by offering discounted or complimentary Content. Novel Use Licences (participation in novel use is optional) If you grant Alamy the right to grant Novel Use Licences, you give Alamy permission to: (i) license your Content at any price, by any method and for any use we feel appropriate; and (ii) make the Content available to third parties without consulting you, including but not limited to trials with potential Customers, Machine Learning and prototypes/proof of concept and high volume low unit price Licences; Where Alamy does not make a charge to these third parties, you will not receive payment. Without prejudice to your general rights of termination under this Contract, you may terminate Alamy’s right to grant Novel Use Licences at any time during the month of April in each year through the novel use page on the System.When applicable, you will be entitled to payment for any Content licensed for Machine Learning. The payment mechanism is at the discretion of Alamy but will be calculated based on a reasonable pro-rata of the total amount of Content licensed to the Customer. Credits, copyright notices and promotion Customers will be instructed to credit your Content with Pseudonym /Alamy or the Agency Contributor name/Alamy, as applicable (each, a “Photo Credit”).Alamy cannot guarantee a Customer’s use of a Photo Credit in any instance. Alamy will not be liable if a Photo Credit is not used (whether in whole or part) or where a Photo Credit is used, Alamy cannot guarantee that it will be accurate. You grant Alamy the right to use your name, trade name, trademark, logos or service marks (the “Marks”) to advertise and promote the Content, the System and/or the Alamy brand. Alamy acknowledges and agrees that such Marks are and will remain your sole property and, except as expressly stated in this clause 10.3, and nothing in this Contract will confer to Alamy any rights in or to the Marks. You may use Alamy’s Marks in any lawful promotion or publicity related to the Content without Alamy’s prior written consent. You acknowledge and agree that such Marks are and will remain Alamy’s sole property and, except as expressly stated in this clause 10.4, and nothing in this Contract will confer to you any rights in or to the Marks. You may not use any Alamy Mark or the Alamy name in a way that is or may be deemed to be obscene, indecent, pornographic, defamatory, inappropriate or otherwise unlawful, including use in unsolicited electronic communications or in any way that may bring Alamy’s Marks or name into disrepute. Alamy will be entitled to revoke this permission and/or terminate this Contract if it becomes aware of any use of its name or Marks which it deems inappropriate.Distribution (participating in distribution is optional) If you agree for your Content to be licensed to Customers via a Distributor, your Content will be available for sale by Distributors in the territories specified by you in accordance with clause 11.3 (the “Distribution Scheme”). You may confirm your participation in the Distribution Scheme via the System or by e-mail to Alamy.Content which is any way restricted may be excluded from the Distribution Scheme at Alamy’s sole discretion. You will specify the territories in which you wish your Content to be made available via Distributors. Once these territories have been selected, you may deselect any or all of the territories at any time during the month of April in each year through the distribution page of the System.You agree that in respect of all sales made via Distributors, the Alamy Commission after deducting the Distributor’s commission or fee will reflect that of the applicable commission model as specified in the Alamy Commission Table. If you agree for your Content to be made available via the Distribution Scheme, you agree for your Content to be used free of charge in Promotional/Marketing Material by any Distributor based in your selected territory to promote the sales of the Content and/or to enhance awareness of the Alamy name/brand or that of the individual Contributor or Distributor. Paying You & Commission Alamy will report to you any Licence Fees earned in respect of your Content in US dollars net of any applicable: (i) Sales Tax; (ii) Alamy Commission ; (iii) third party commission; and (iv) any refunds or other deductions. Upon purchase of a Licence by a Customer, Alamy shall report to your Account the relevant details of such Licence, (except for delayed sales reporting payments which shall be made in the month following the date such sale is reported). Alamy reserves the right to round fractions of a cent up or down at its discretion. All Licence Fees paid by Customers in currencies other than US Dollars shall be reported to your Account in US Dollars, using exchange rates reviewed and adjusted by Alamy in line with exchange rate fluctuations. Alamy will pay you the Cleared Funds within 30 days of the first day of the month, if, at the start of the first day of that month, the Cleared Funds less any account debit balances in your Account exceed US $50 (or such other amount as decided by Alamy from time to time). Alamy will pay you in your chosen currency and in accordance with the payment details supplied by you. If you are UK VAT registered, Alamy will add UK VAT at the currently prevailing rate. No payment will be made and the balance of your Account will be carried forward to the following month, if: (i) the balance of your Account is equal to or less than US $50 (or such other amount as decided by Alamy from time to time); or (ii) you have not supplied payment details, any supplied payment details are incorrect, or you have chosen a payment method that Alamy no longer supports. Where your chosen currency is not US Dollars, all amounts due to you will be converted from US Dollars to your chosen currency at the exchange rate provided by Alamy or Alamy's Payment Provider on the date that the payment is made or the preceding working day in England. If the exchange rate is provided by Alamy, it will be within 2.5% of the spot rate on that day.Alamy may recover, by debiting your Account or otherwise: any amounts incorrectly or inadvertently credited to your Account;any amounts due from you to Alamy in the event you purchase any Content from Alamy or a Distributor;all other amounts due to Alamy from you including, but not limited to, costs and handling charges incurred by Alamy but properly payable by you and/or where Alamy is entitled to be indemnified by you pursuant to clause 5, any amount representing the likely total amount of any such claims, damages, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses. Alamy may put your Account on hold in the event of any third party claim in relation to the Content or where Alamy reasonably suspects fraudulent, infringing or unlawful activity in relation to the AccountIf any payment made to you by Alamy is not withdrawn from your Account within a period of two (2) years from the date on which such payment was made, you agree to forfeit that amount. In the event that you fail to supply payment details, any supplied payment details are incorrect, inactive or you have chosen a payment method that Alamy no longer supports: (i) if your cleared balance is over the payment threshold specified in clause 12.3, you agree to forfeit any such cleared balance that is over two (2) years old; or (ii) if your cleared balance is under the payment threshold specified in clause 12.3, you agree to forfeit any such cleared balance that is over five (5) years old. Alamy at its sole discretion may offer reporting of Licence Fees in currencies other than US Dollars.From the 1 July 2021, Alamy will monitor the total Licence Fees in respect of your Content in each Revenue Year . If you register for an Account after the 1 July in any one Revenue Year: (i) you will automatically be subject to Alamy Gold; and (ii) Alamy will not monitor your Licence Fees and clause 12.12 will not apply until the following Revenue Year. At the end of each Revenue Year if your total Licence Fees for that year, net of any refunds: are less than $250 then the Alamy Commission for sales of your Content in the following Revenue Year will automatically switch to Alamy Silver as outlined in the Alamy Commission Table; orare greater than or equal to $250 then the Alamy Commission for sales of your Content in the following Revenue Year will remain on Alamy Gold for that year, as outlined in the Alamy Commission Table. If you are subject to Alamy Silver and your total Licence Fees, net of any refunds, exceeds $250 at any point during the Revenue Year then the Alamy Commission will automatically revert to Alamy Gold for future sales during the Revenue Year. Should any subsequent refund take your Licence Fees below the $250 threshold as set out in clause 12.12, the Alamy Commission will revert to Alamy Silver. If you are not an Agency Contributor and your total Licence Fees for Content sales in any one Revenue Year (starting 1 July 2020), net of any refunds, are greater than or equal to $25,000 then the Alamy Commission for the following Revenue Year for Content that is Exclusive to Alamy will automatically switch to Alamy Platinum as outlined in the Alamy Commission Table. If you are subject to Alamy Gold, and are not an Agency Contributor, your commission will automatically switch to Alamy Platinum if your total Licence Fees, net of any refunds, exceed $25,000 at any point during the Revenue Year. In such case, the Alamy Commission for future sales during the Revenue Year will be as outlined in the Alamy Commission Table for the Alamy Platinum structure. Should any subsequent refund take your Licence Fees below the $25,000 threshold (as set out in clause 12.14), the Alamy Commission will revert to Alamy Gold. The Alamy Commission for Content sales made via an Affiliate will reflect that of the applicable commission model as specified in the Alamy Commission Table and will include a 15% Affiliate and affiliate provider fee in respect of the Licence Fee. Self billing for UK Value Added Tax (VAT) registered Contributors You must inform Alamy if you are registered for VAT, if at any time your VAT position changes including any change in your VAT registered status, there’s a change of your VAT number, you deregister for VAT or if you sell all or part of your business. Where you are UK VAT registered, you agree that Alamy will self bill you. Alamy will issue self-billed invoices to you for all taxable supplies made to Alamy by you (taxable supplies are defined by HMRC as all goods and services which are VAT rated). The self-billed invoices will include your name, address and VAT number, together with all other details that constitute a full VAT invoice.Alamy, whose VAT number is 718 2941 23, will agree new terms for self billing with you if Alamy's VAT number changes and Alamy will inform you if the self-billed invoices are outsourced to a third party. If it is subsequently found that you were not VAT registered or have failed to provide accurate and current information relating to your VAT status, then you will immediately and on demand by Alamy, repay to Alamy any VAT paid incorrectly (together with any associated interest and charges incurred by Alamy). Alamy may recover by debiting your Account any money due to Alamy in respect of tax and any associated interest or charges. Audit rights of Contributor on Alamy In the unlikely event of a material dispute between you and Alamy regarding amounts due to you, Alamy will, at a convenient time and upon receiving 30 days’ prior written notice from you, allow your representative (which will be either an independent qualified lawyer or accountant) to inspect Alamy’s records which relate only to your Account. The costs of the inspection will be paid by you except if it reveals an underpayment to you of more than US $1000 in any one twelve (12) month period, in which event Alamy will correct the records relating to your Content, make any payments due as identified by such audit and reimburse the actual costs of your audit.Alamy reserves the right to instruct its own representative to review and confirm such inspection prior to making any such corrections, payments or reimbursements. Advertising and promotion You acknowledge and agree that the Content may be used without charge and without your consent or approval in Promotional/Marketing Material or in any other manner, at the sole discretion of Alamy, anywhere in the world to promote sale of Content and/or to enhance awareness of the Alamy name/brand or that of the individual Contributor, provided always that: if an item of Content has been used in Promotional/Marketing Material prior the termination of this Contract and/or deletion that item of Content from the Alamy Websites, that item of Content will be permitted to remain in that specific Promotional/Marketing Material; Content that has been deleted from the Alamy Websites will not be used in any new Promotional/Marketing Material; andPromotional/Marketing Material also includes articles and interviews featuring Alamy and/or its Content, social media and search engines or similar sites listing and promotion including but not limited to 'Google Images'. Where Content is used to promote the Alamy name/brand, Alamy will make reasonable efforts to provide a Photo Credit to you where commercially reasonable, but you acknowledge and agree that Alamy cannot guarantee to provide a Photo Credit and will not be held liable if one is not made or is made in a different format from that requested by you. You agree that Alamy may, when using the Content in Promotion/Marketing Material, alter the Content by cropping, manipulating, combining and creating derivative content, providing such alteration is not indecent, obscene, pornographic, defamatory or otherwise unlawful. Breaches of licences and defaults by Customers and third party infringements You acknowledge and agree that Alamy will not conduct any verification or check of the character, standing or financial position of any Customer. You acknowledge and agree that where Alamy incurs legal and/or other costs or expenses relating to an outstanding amount owed by a Customer in relation to the Content, Alamy will recoup these costs from any full or partial payment of the amounts recovered from the Customer before dividing the remaining amount between you and Alamy in line with the commission schedule in force at the time the debt was invoiced. Alamy will not be obliged to pursue payment of debts owed by Customers if, in Alamy’s opinion, the prospects of recovery do not outweigh the likely collection costs. If a Customer is declared bankrupt or goes into liquidation owing Alamy any money, we will write off the debt. If we subsequently receive any money from the official trustee or liquidator, we will donate any such amount to charity if the amount recovered means it is not cost effective to pay out the funds we receive, otherwise any amount received will be divided between you and Alamy in line with the commission schedule in force at the time the debt was invoiced.In the event of any actual or alleged breach of any Licence or any infringement of intellectual property right or any other rights in any Content by a Customer or by any third party, Alamy may take action against the Customer or such other third party at its sole discretion. If Alamy takes action pursuant to clause 16.4, Alamy may (but will not be obliged to): appoint a representative to identify and make claims or demands for suspected infringements on its behalf; and make such claims and take such action as may be necessary (in the opinion of Alamy) in connection with such action. A percentage, equal to the applicable commission rate for that Content, of all amounts recovered by Alamy in connection with any claims or actions pursuant to clause 16.5 (after first deducting collection fees and reasonable legal expenses incurred by Alamy) will be paid to you. You will promptly inform Alamy of any actual or suspected third party infringement of copyright or any other intellectual property right or third party right, loss of Content, breach of moral rights or any other matter giving rise to threat of proceedings, claims or demands in respect of any of the Content and additionally, Alamy may inform you of the same. In either event, Alamy, in its sole discretion, may either take action itself against the third party or may notify you that it will not be taking action and you may then do so at your option.Where Alamy has a reasonable belief that the Content on a third-party website has been sourced from Alamy without a Licence, including but not limited to watermarked images or credit lines, you grant Alamy the right to pursue any suspected or actual infringements of copyright of the Content without the need to notify you.If you take action pursuant to clause 16.7, then Alamy's sole obligation will be to (at your request and cost) verify the terms of this Contract or any Customer contract. Prior to providing such assistance, Alamy may require you to indemnify Alamy for all of the costs and expenses incurred by Alamy in relation to such action including, at Alamy's discretion, providing and securing the costs of Alamy's legal and other advisers. Passwords, Loss of Content or failure of System Alamy will have no liability to any Contributor or Copyright Owner for: the loss of any Content or for any deterioration or damage to any Content on the System;any failure of the System;any downtime and lost transmissions on the System; or any mistakes or omissions on the System. Contributors will be responsible for maintaining original copies of and digital back-up copies of all Content submitted to Alamy and will promptly provide replacement digital copies to Alamy on request at any time. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all access or use of your login and password credentials on the Websites. Alamy will not be responsible for monitoring the Content under your login or password credentials and shall have no liability in this regard.Alamy is entitled to amend the System or remove an online upload facility at any time. Liability of Alamy Alamy’s liability under this Contract will not exceed the total Alamy Commission actually received by Alamy in relation to the Content during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date on which the cause of the action giving rise to such liability occurs, subject to an aggregate limit of US $30,000. No action, regardless of form, arising out of any Licence or under this Contract may be brought by you more than twelve (12) months after the cause of the action has occurred.Alamy will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of or damage to goodwill, loss of contracts, loss of customers or any indirect, special or consequential loss, damage, costs or expenses (whether or not caused by the negligence of Alamy, its servants or agents and whether or not Alamy was aware of such liability). Nothing in this Contract will limit either party’s liability: (i) for fraud; (ii) for death or personal injury caused by either party’s negligence or that of its servants or agents; or (iii) in relation to any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law. Amendment and variation Alamy may vary this Contract by altering or deleting any of its provisions or adding any new provisions by giving you 45 days’ prior notice at any time. If you do not accept any of the variations, you have the right to terminate this Contract by giving written notice to Alamy in accordance with the provisions of clause 20.1.3. If no such notice is received, you will be deemed to have accepted the Contract as so amended.You will ensure that Content on the System prior to the date of any amendment to you pursuant to clause 19.1 meets the provisions of any such amendment or variation. Termination You may terminate this Contract: on 45 days’ prior written notice to Alamy at any time; immediately by written notice to Alamy if Alamy: breaches any terms of this Contract which is not capable of effective remedy; breaches any term of this Contract which is capable of remedy but which is not remedied within 30 days receipt of notice specifying the breach and requiring Alamy to remedy such breach; enters into insolvent liquidation;ceases to carry on its business of operating the System. where Alamy gives 45 days’ notice to vary the Contract pursuant to clause 19.1, by written notice to Alamy at any time during that 45 day period expiring at the end thereof. Alamy may terminate this Contract: on 45 days’ prior written notice to you at any time;immediately on written notice to you if: you breach any terms of this Contract which is not capable of effective remedy; you breach any term of this Contract which is capable of remedy but which is not remedied within 30 days of receipt of a notice specifying the breach and requiring you to remedy such breach;you infringe any third party copyright, trademark, any other intellectual property right or any other third party right;you are declared bankrupt, go into liquidation or receivership, an administrative receiver is appointed over all or any part of your assets, a meeting of creditors is called, or you suffers any other insolvency or bankruptcy related event in any applicable jurisdiction; your Account is deemed to be inactive whereby; (i) no Content is submitted to the System by you following Registration(ii) Alamy is unable to contact you or receives no correspondence from you when contacted in respect to your Account; or (iii) any payment is unable to be credited to your Account.Alamy reasonably suspects fraudulent activity in relation to your Account;any action by you is deemed by Alamy to bring the Alamy name or Mark into disrepute;any communication received by Alamy, its employees, representatives, or any third parties authorised to act on Alamy's behalf in relation to this Contract is deemed by Alamy to be threatening, insulting, racist, offensive, vulgar, indecent, or otherwise inappropriate; Alamy decides to terminate its operation of the System. Alamy may in its sole discretion, without terminating this Contract, delete any individual item of Content at any time. On termination Alamy will: delete from the Alamy Websites any Content provided by you under this Contract;continue to report to you in respect of Licences granted prior to the date of termination of this Contract or Licences granted after the date of termination of this Contract as permitted herein; not return to you any data, of whatever kind, relating to any Content or the Content itself. The termination of this Contract will not prejudice any Licences in existence prior to the date of termination, any negotiations in relation to the Content which Alamy has properly entered into with any third party prior to the date of termination, or the grant of Licences for Content already downloaded by a Customer prior to the date of termination. Any provision of this Contract which expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue in force on or after termination of this Contract will remain in full force and effect. Termination of this Contract will not affect any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties that have accrued up to the date of termination, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which existed at or before the date of termination. Where this Contract is terminated for any reason, you may not enter into a new contract with Alamy without first obtaining written authorisation from Alamy prior to doing so. Failure to adhere to this clause will result in immediate termination of any new contract. News Content All Content submitted by you as news, sport or entertainment Content must adhere to Alamy's published guidelines for News Content .Any Content submitted as a News Content must be free of any manipulation or alteration which alters the truth or the editorial integrity of the Content.The decision as to whether any Content is suitable for representation as News Content is at Alamy's sole discretion. Collecting societies Subject to clause 22.6, you authorise Alamy to grant to any Collecting Society a mandate to negotiate, claim and administer the rights in respect of Secondary Uses of your Content.You authorise Alamy to grant to the Collecting Society an exclusive licence in relation to sales of your Content made by Alamy.Exclusivity is limited to the actual uses of the Content claimed and paid for under the Collecting Society’s collection scheme only (“Collection”). Alamy will grant the Collecting Society a mandate to claim on your behalf a share of royalties arising from those rights collectively licensed by the Collecting Society as Secondary Uses and distributed through Collection.For the avoidance of doubt, the above authorisation extends only to Secondary Uses of Content that the Collecting Society manages through collective licensing schemes and does not transfer any authority to the Collecting Society to issue individual Licences for Primary Uses on your behalf, nor does it transfer the ownership of copyright to the Collecting Society. You confirm that you have authorised Alamy to claim and receive on your behalf any royalty payments any Collecting Society has calculated as part of Collection in respect of an authorised claim made on your behalf by Alamy, and to deduct a commission or fee of 50% after recouping any applicable administration charges.If you have specifically informed us not to claim on your behalf for Collection in the United Kingdom before 30 July 2016, then we will not claim for you under Collection unless instructed to do so. If you do instruct Alamy to claim on your behalf, this will continue for the Contract duration. Notices Any notice under this Contract may be sent electronically, to the email address notified by either party to the other party, or by pre-paid first class post, recorded delivery or registered post, to the name and address notified by either party to the other for such purpose. A notice served under this clause will be deemed to have been received on the expiration of 48 hours after service. Any notice sent by Alamy to your email address notified to Alamy will be deemed to have been duly served on you whether or not such notice is actually received by you. Alamy may also serve notice on you by a display on the Alamy Websites in a reasonably prominent position to which the attention of Contributors is drawn.Alamy may contact you at the e-mail address, postal address, the telephone number, or using any other communication method, including without limitation social media, provided by you when you register as a Contributor or those supplied for your Account at a later date. Your data communications At all times Alamy will adhere to applicable data protection laws and the Alamy Group’s privacy policy in relation to the processing of your personal data and communications with you. By opting into marketing and/or third party emails during Registration, you agree that Alamy can send you marketing and/or third party emails. These emails are promotional in nature and will include, but are not limited to, photography related offers, competitions, industry information and affiliate programs. You can unsubscribe from marketing and/or third party emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link within these emails or by changing your email preferences in your account settings. General This Contract will continue for the benefit of and be binding upon Alamy and you and your respective successors in title and assignees. You may only assign the Contract with the prior written consent of Alamy.Alamy may assign this Contract to any member of the Alamy Group or any third party and if it does so references herein to Alamy will thereafter be to such third party or Alamy Group company and references herein to the Alamy Group will be to any subsidiary of such third party or Alamy Group company, or the holding company of such third party or Alamy Group company or any subsidiary of such holding company or Alamy Group company. The parties acknowledge and agree that for the purpose of Section 1(2) of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 no term of this Contract will be enforceable by any third party (including any Copyright Owner).The Alamy Commission Table and the terms set out herein form the entire Contract and supersedes any previous contract between the parties relating to the Content and constitutes the entire understanding between the parties and is binding upon them, your executors, successors or assigns. Each party acknowledges that, in entering into this Contract, it has not relied on any representation made by the other party that has not been set out in the Contract. The interpretation of this Contract shall remain unchanged and unaffected by any variations in the numbering, paragraphing, or heading references used in the Contract. Any such variations shall not be construed to alter the intent or meaning of the provisions of this Contract.If any provision of this Contract is held to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this Contract will continue in force in relation to the unaffected provisions and the remainder of the provision in question, and the parties will renegotiate the provision in good faith to achieve the same objects.The failure or delay by either party to enforce at any time any one or more of the provisions of this Contract will not be a waiver of such rights or any other rights.Alamy will not be liable to you under or in connection with this Contract for any failures, interruptions, delays or other matters of a similar nature arising out of circumstances beyond its reasonable control.This Contract will be governed by and interpreted in all respects in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and each of the parties hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Definitions The following definitions will apply: “Account” means your online account on the System to which your details are specified and Licence Fees in relation to the sale of your Content are recorded. “Agency Contributor” means a Contributor who is assigned Agency Contributor status by Alamy at its sole discretion. "Affiliate" means a website or service provider that promotes offers and promotions relating to the Content in return for a commission. "Alamy Ltd" means Alamy Limited or its administrators, successors in business or any other person to whom it may license or assign its rights under this Contract. "Alamy Commission" means the percentage of the net Licence Fees that Alamy takes in relation to the sale of your Content in accordance with applicable commission rate as outlined in the Alamy Commission Table. "Alamy Commission Table" means the table set out at https://www.alamy.com/terms/contributor-commission-table.aspx which lists the fees and commissions payable in relation to the sale of your Content or any substitute table of which Alamy has given notice in accordance with this Contract. "Alamy Group" means Alamy Ltd and its subsidiaries and holding company and any other subsidiary of any such holding company, or any other undertaking in Alamy’s group from time to time, for which purpose “group”, and "subsidiary" and 'holding Company' will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Companies Act 2006. “Alamy Websites” means the collective URLs owned and operated by Alamy. “Cleared Funds” Alamy operates a real-time reporting system, where Licences are reported in the Contributor’s Account at the point at which a Customer purchases on credit card, or when an invoice is raised to a Customer purchasing on a finance account. Licences are posted to Contributors’ Accounts immediately and are listed as “uncleared”. They will not clear for at least 45 days from the date of sale. Credit card licences will automatically be deemed cleared on day 45 as long as the transaction has not been returned as fraudulent, is not suspected of being fraudulent by Alamy or is in dispute. Licences on Account will be deemed cleared on day 45 if we have received payment from the Customer. Otherwise the sale will be deemed cleared as soon thereafter Alamy has received payment and allocated it to the Contributor’s Account. “Cleared Funds” means amounts which are deemed cleared in accordance with the above process. "Collecting Society" means an entity authorised by Copyright Owners to commercially exploit their copyrights. As it is impractical for rights holders to individually monitor all the different uses made of their works, they entrust certain parts of this task to a Collecting Society. In the context of this Contract a Collecting Society is one that deals with secondary rights only. “Content” means any digitised photograph, video, illustration, other media of whatever nature which you submit to Alamy at any time during the term of this Contract. “Content Options” means things we do to Content to enhance the customer experience and/or for operational reasons. "Contributor" means the Copyright Owner or, if Registration has been completed on the Copyright Owner’s behalf by an authorised company or licensee, that entity. For the avoidance of doubt, if Registration is completed by an authorised employee on behalf of a company then that company is the Contributor. The term Contributor also includes the Contributor’s executors, administrators, heirs and assigns or successors in business. "Copyright Owner" means the person who is represented as owning the copyright in any Content."Customer" means any third party individual, partnership, corporation or other entity who may be intermediaries or end-users and to whom a licence is or is proposed to be granted by Alamy. "Distributor" means any third party company appointed by Alamy to license your Content to end user Customers in territories to which you have given your agreement. "Exclusive" means any item of Content that you have only made available to Alamy which is not also available via any third party licensing, sales or distribution channel, including without limitation via any other stock agency or image site, but excluding the Contributor’s personal website and print sales. “Licences”, or “Licence” means Rights Managed Licence, Royalty Free License and Novel Use Licence together with any other licence granted by Alamy in relation to the Content. "Licence Fees" means any sum actually received by Alamy from any Customer in respect of the license of your Content whether a single payment or a royalty paid over time. "Machine Learning" means to enable machines to learn from the Content and make predictions or decisions based on patterns and relationships in the Content. "Metadata" means Content information supplied to Alamy by the Contributor by any means, including but not limited to licence types, licence restrictions, Releases information, captions, keywords, descriptions, date taken, location and Pseudonyms. "Model Release" means any written release signed by or on behalf of any living person or the estate of a deceased person or an infant whose likeness is incorporated in whole or in part in any Content. "News Content" means any Content:(i) where the subject matter and nature of the Content has an immediacy, or has a relevancy pertaining to a current topic of interest; (ii) that is submitted by the Contributor for inclusion in any feed, gallery or other method of representation for such Content; and (iii) that is accepted by Alamy as suitable for inclusion. "Non-exclusive" means, in relation to Content, that the Content is also available via any third party licensing, sales or distribution channel, including without limitation via any other stock agency or image site but excluding the Contributor’s personal website and print sales. "Payment Provider" means Alamy or any other payment provider as decided by Alamy. "Primary Uses" means a use of Content as permitted by Licences granted by Alamy to its Customers. For example, a magazine using the Content in an editorial feature. "Promotional/Marketing Material" means promotional and marketing material that will include, but not be limited to PR pieces (for example, articles in magazines or newspapers, magazine competition/subscription offers, magazine cover mounts, front, inside and back cover Content), events (for example, inclusion of work in panels or other materials for Alamy events and third party events with which Alamy is involved, trade stands), direct mail (for example, inclusion of Content in printed mailing or promotional piece, postcards), advertisements (for example, guides to stock, magazine advertisements, magazine inserts, banner advertisements, ambient media, e.g. projection onto a wall, Content on a promotional coffee cup), email newsletters and text/Content based e- promos (for example, Alamy marketing emails, Alamy e-newsletters, viral newsletters and competitions ), search engine listing and promotion and Alamy ratified social media sites and apps, use in information graphics, supply of Content to third parties for use in Content galleries (Content unaccompanied by copy) and editorial pieces (Content accompanied by copy), websites and blogs in return for publicity, specific ad-hoc marketing campaigns, supply of Content to third parties for use in conferences/presentations/keynote speeches in exchange for publicity, and other uses by third parties in return for publicity. "Property Release" means any written release from the owner and/or occupier of any property (including intellectual property) featured in the Content (in whole or part) whose permission is necessary or desirable to allow the Content to be made available anywhere in world. "Pseudonym" means the name under which you sell your Content. Your default Pseudonym is the name you gave during Registration."Registration" means the on-line display on the System at the time you complete the registration process and which will have included: your name and address.your login and password details for your account with Alamy. Registration details may be modified online and such modified details take effect from the time you, or anyone authorised on behalf of you, changes the details in your Account. "Release" means a Model Release , Property Release or any other release, clearance, permission or a third party right depicted in the Content including without limitation any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property right, which it is necessary or desirable to obtain in respect of the Content. “Revenue Year” means the 12 month period starting on the 1 July every year and ending 30 June the following calendar year. “Rights Managed Licence” referred to on the Alamy Websites as "Rights Managed" or "RM" means any licence to use the Content for specific rights and for a specific purpose limited by territory, licence period, media, industry, print run and any other relevant criteria as deemed appropriate by you or Alamy. “Royalty Free Licence” referred to on the Alamy Websites as "Royalty Free" or "RF" means any licence to use the Content for an unlimited number of permitted uses for a one-time fee determined by file size, usage, or other criteria as deemed appropriate by you or Alamy and includes ‘Editorial Royalty Free Licences’. “Novel Use Licence” means any licence to use the Content in any way and at any price deemed appropriate by Alamy. "Secondary Uses" means a use of Content that is not a Primary Use, including without limitation the photocopying, scanning, printing and digital re-use and communication of Content that are part of composite works, like books and magazines, and also licences governing document delivery services, the uses made under educational recording licences and uses made under cable retransmission and also similar international uses of Content remunerated through levy systems etc. For example, a student photocopying a magazine article with Content in it where the License for the Primary Use of the Content was granted by Alamy. "System" means the online system operated by Alamy, including the Alamy Websites and any other internet based system for the licensing of Content which Alamy may operate under the Alamy brand. – End of contract – Copyright © 2023 Alamy Ltd CustomersEnglish Terms and conditions ~ Copyright complaints Alamy and its logo are trademarks of Alamy Ltd. and are registered in certain countries. Copyright © 15/08/2023 Alamy Ltd. All rights reserved. Search by image Upload an imagePaste image link Drag and drop an image anywhere hereor