Alarm.com's Privacy Policy Alarm.com's Privacy Policy Our Privacy Mission We are sensitive to the private nature of the information you, our service providers, partners, end-users and prospective end-user customers provide to us. Our Privacy Policy is designed to maximize your ability to protect your personal, private data while at the same time allowing us to provide you with the best interactive security, energy management, video monitoring, automation and wellness services possible. This Privacy Policy states our privacy practices for your use of (i) this website and any mobile sites or applications operated by Alarm.com (the "User Interfaces") and (ii) any combination of products and services we provide or that can be purchased or accessed via any User Interface (the "Services"). If you reside in California, please also see the section below called California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Rights. Alarm.com's Services are provided by licensed and authorized service providers (referred to as "Authorized Service Providers" or "Alarm.com Dealers"). If you are a customer of an Authorized Service Provider, your information will be processed by Alarm.com acting as a data processor and your Authorized Service Provider will remain responsible for the handling of any personal information it collects from you and for compliance with any applicable data protection and/or privacy laws. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. For Data Subjects in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the United Kingdom ("UK") and Switzerland If you are located in the EEA, the UK and Switzerland, our "Privacy Notice to Data Subjects in the EEA, the UK and Switzerland" provides additional information about your use of the User Interfaces and Services and your rights as data subjects residing in Switzerland, the UK or the EEA, which includes all countries in the European Union, Liechtenstein, Iceland and Norway. Information Collection and Use Alarm.com collects and stores certain information from or about you that can be used to uniquely contact, identify, or locate you ("Personal Information"). When using the User Interfaces, you may provide us with Personal Information including, but not limited to, your name, home or business address, phone number, email address, location, or zip code. When using our Services, you or your Authorized Service Provider may provide us with certain additional information (e.g., unit description, home or business size, home or business system configuration, sensor names, appliances or other devices monitored by Alarm.com, account information, schedule, mode, automation settings, and device settings) in order for us to personalize your Services. Alarm.com may also receive Personal Information that you have provided to our partners, including emergency contact information and user profile information, to enable Alarm.com to provide our Services. Alarm.com may process information regarding your use of the Alarm.com Services, including but not limited to: performance of any security or other device monitored by Alarm.com, electrical usage or consumption, heating and cooling information, light or other fixture settings, and usage and alert logs. We receive this type of information from your devices that are monitored by Alarm.com and your computer or other electronic device through which you may access, browse, download, receive, or otherwise use the Alarm.com User Interfaces or Services (each a "Personal Device"), and we may also receive and process such information from third parties. Location-based Information Some features of our Services, such as location-activated arming reminders, thermostat adjustments, vehicle diagnostics, and other location-based Services (collectively, "GeoServices"), use location information. Before certain GeoServices information can be used, you must first opt-in to activate these Services. If you enable these features, we will automatically collect and store location information from your Personal Device or vehicle you designate which is capable of producing location data (e.g., mobile device, GPS device, or vehicle). This location information may include your current location or places you have recently visited. We also may aggregate this information for Alarm.com's internal purposes and to provide information requested by you. If you do not wish for us to collect and store this information, do not enable these features. Video and Audio Data When you (i) subscribe to Alarm.com's video monitoring or video monitoring add-on Services (such as the Visual Verification services), (ii) use a connected doorbell, camera, image sensor, or other connected device or wearable that is capable of recording video and/or audio recordings, or (iii) subscribe to emergency two-way voice services, you are enabling us, certain of our third-party service providers, or your central station, to record, store, view and process video and/or audio recordings from your monitoring equipment.This may include capturing and sending you portions of this data as part of a notification or analyzing the data to identify motion or other events. We may process information from your monitoring equipment so that we can send you alerts. In addition, if you have the recording features enabled, we will capture, process and store video and audio data recordings from your device and you may be able to access those recordings. Data protection and privacy laws in your country may impose certain responsibilities on you and your use of security cameras, connected doorbells and other devices with recording capabilities. You (not Alarm.com) are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws. For example, you may need to display a notice that alerts visitors to your home or business that they may be recorded using security cameras and other devices with recording capabilities. Alarm.com takes no responsibility for your compliance with these laws. Information Sharing Alarm.com will not disclose your Personal Information to any other entity except: as is necessary to provide the Alarm.com User Interfaces and Services to you;to your Authorized Service Provider, the company through which you subscribed to our Services;to the central station selected by your Authorized Service Provider to receive alarm signals and coordinate emergency response;when you have opted in to share the information;when we need to share the information with an entity who works on our behalf to provide the Services (these entities do not have any right to use the Personal Information beyond what is necessary for the purpose of fulfilling the agreement we have with them); if you are an existing user of Alarm.com Services, to provide notifications of additional Alarm.com-supported products or Services that may be of interest to you;as necessary in connection with other lawful business purposes; andas otherwise necessary when required or permitted by law.In addition, we may disclose your information when the information has been converted to a form that cannot be used to identify you. It may also be necessary for us to disclose your Personal Information in case of a merger or combination with, or acquisition of a portion of our business by, another company or entity, in which case Personal Information collected by Alarm.com would be expected to be one of the transferred business assets. Information Protection Alarm.com has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your Personal Information. For example, we protect your information through a unique username and password, and we protect certain sensitive communications with our website through server authentication and secure connections. However, no method of data transmission is completely secure. Rights and Choices Regarding Your Personal Information If you are an existing or potential end-user of Alarm.com Services and have entered Personal Information directly through our website, you may request to correct or delete your Personal Information by contacting us at privacy@alarm.com. If you are an existing end-user of Services you may view, update, or delete certain Personal Information at any time by following the links at www.alarm.com to your profile and address book pages. These changes will be immediately made to our records. If you wish to stop Services notifications, you may do so through the User Interfaces. For customers of Authorized Service Providers, changes you make to your user profile on the Alarm.com User Interfaces to your user profile may not automatically change the records of your Authorized Service Provider. You should contact your Authorized Service Provider directly to make changes to its records.If you are a California resident, please see the “California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)” section below for more information about your rights and choices. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Rights If you are a California resident, then the CCPA may provide you with specific rights regarding your Personal Information. You have the right to request that businesses subject to the CCPA (which may include your Authorized Service Provider) disclose certain information to you about their collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. In addition, you have the right to ask such businesses to delete or correct personal information collected for you, subject to certain exceptions. You also have the right to opt out of a business selling or sharing your Personal Information. You may ask a business to limit its use of your sensitive Personal Information (e.g., biometric information or ethnicity), but know that Alarm.com doesn’t use your sensitive Personal Information in a manner subject to that right. If you choose to exercise your rights, you also have the right not to be discriminated against and will not be charged different prices or provided different quality of services.End Users of the Services For end-users of Alarm.com Services, Alarm.com acts as a “service provider” under the CCPA and our receipt and collection of any consumer Personal Information is done on behalf of our business partners (such as Alarm.com Authorized Service Providers) in order for us to provide the Services. We do not sell Personal Information to third parties as a part of providing the Services. We do allow third parties to collect Personal Information through our Services and share Personal Information with third parties for the business purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In your capacity as an end user of the Services, you can exercise your applicable CCPA rights by following the procedures listed for “All Existing or Potential End-Users” above, contacting your Alarm.com Authorized Service Provider or contacting us at privacy@alarm.com. If you contact Alarm.com directly, we may forward your request to your Alarm.com Authorized Service Provider. Please note that the CCPA requires us to verify the requests we receive from you when you exercise certain of the rights listed above. We may need more information when we receive your request before taking further action. Business Contacts and Website Visitors Sometimes we collect Personal Information when you’re acting on behalf of a company (e.g., as an employee, agent, or contractor) or otherwise interact with Alarm.com directly (e.g., visiting the Alarm.com website outside of receiving Services from us). Some of the rights described in theis section do not apply until January 1, 2023. Information we collect from consumers (Categories, Purposes, Sources) We collect these categories of Personal Information: Identifiers — such as name, postal address, email address, or account name.Unique and online identifiers – such as internet protocol address or device IDs.Commercial information — such as records of products or services purchased.Demographic information — such as gender, age, income levels, and language preferences.Internet or other electronic network activity information — such as browsing history, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Professional or educational information.Location information.Online viewing activities (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).Inferences, such as preferences and behaviors.We collect the above categories of Personal Information for the following purposes:Performing our Services.Auditing customer transactions.Fraud prevention and authentication/ID verification.Debugging errors in systems.Marketing and advertising.Internal research, analytics and development — e.g., user-preference analytics. Developing, maintaining, provisioning or upgrading networks, services or devices.We collect the above categories of Personal Information from the following sources:Directly from you.Automatically generated information — such as technical, equipment and usage information.Your employer.From other companies, such as marketing services.We retain the Personal Information that we collect to achieve the purposes for which the Personal Information was collected. In certain cases, we may need to retain Personal Information for purposes required under applicable law, for tax, accounting, or audit purposes, or for other purposes permitted or required under law. Disclosures of Personal Information We may have disclosed each of the above categories of Personal Information with the following categories of third parties who perform services on our behalf: Product and services delivery companies.Marketing services companies.Cloud storage companies.Credit reporting agencies.Billing and payment processing companies..Fraud prevention and authentication/identity verification entities.Analytics companies.We may allow certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect your Personal Information via automated technologies. We share the categories of Personal Information listed below for the business and commercial purposes of online advertising and to provide third-party social network features and functionality. You have the right to opt out of this disclosure of your information, which may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law. Beginning in January 2023, you may opt out of “sharing” or “selling” by setting a browser-level opt-out, the Global Privacy Control, sent by California consumers. You may learn how to set that signal by going to this website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/. As described above, we do not directly disclose your Personal Information with third parties for monetary consideration.Our “selling” or “sharing” is instead confined to the context of online tracking, and so we may have “sold” or “shared” the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers Advertising networks, data analytics providers, social networks Commercial Information Advertising networks, data analytics providers, social networks Online Activity Advertising networks, data analytics providers, social networksWe do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age. How to exercise your CCPA rights You can exercise any of your CCPA rights described in this section by contacting us at privacy@alarm.com . We may need to collect additional information about your previous interactions with Alarm.com to verify your identity. You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, please contact us at privacy@alarm.com. Virginia Residents Only Under Virginia's privacy law, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Alarm.com acts as a data processor and your Authorized Service Provider will remain responsible for the handling of any Personal Information your Authorized Service Provider collects from you. You should refer to your Authorized Service Providers' privacy notice for more information on your Authorized Service Providers' privacy practices or to exercise a right under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Cookies, Web Beacons and Website Analytics When you use the User Interfaces or access Alarm.com Services using your Personal Device, certain information may be collected by automated means, such as cookies. Information about Alarm.com's use of cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy . Third Party Websites For your convenience, some hyperlinks may be posted on the Alarm.com website that link to other websites not under Alarm.com's control. Alarm.com is not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of those sites or of any companies that Alarm.com does not own or control. Alarm.com does not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Alarm.com encourages you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each website that you visit. In addition, should you happen to initiate a transaction on a website linked to the Alarm.com website, even if you reached that site through the Alarm.com User Interfaces, the information that you submit to complete that transaction becomes subject to the privacy practices of the operator of that linked website. You should read that website's privacy policies to understand how Personal Information that is collected about you is used and protected. Utilizing our User Interfaces from Outside of the United States If you are utilizing our User Interfaces from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. Our offices and data centers are located in the United States, so some of your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States in connection with your use of the Services. If you are located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, then the Privacy Notice to Data Subjects in the EEA, the UK and Switzerland applies to your use of the User Interfaces.Alarm.com uses European Commission-approved "Standard Contractual Clauses" or "Model Clauses" for the transfer of Personal Information from the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the United States. Alarm.com is also certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and U.S.-Swiss Privacy Shield Frameworks (as described in our Privacy Shield Privacy Notice), although we do not rely on our Privacy Shield certification to transfer Personal Data from the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the U.S. To learn more about the EU-U.S. or U.S.-Swiss Privacy Shield Framework and to view our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov. Privacy Policy Changes We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our User Interfaces. The most recent version of this Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located below. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party. California and Delaware Do Not Track Disclosures Alarm.com responds to the Global Privacy Control, as described above. With respect to a different preference signal called Do not Track browser requests, Alarm.com adheres to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and does not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.Contact Information If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:privacy@alarm.com orAlarm.com Incorporated - Privacy8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 100Tysons, VA 22102USALast updated: December 19, 2022 Back to Top For Service Providers Resources About Alarm.com United States (en-US) 8281 Greensboro Drive • Suite 100, Tysons, VA 22102 (877) 389-4033 United States Copyright © 2000-2023, Alarm.com. All rights reserved.Alarm.com and the Alarm.com Logo are registered trademarks of Alarm.com. United States English (us) Alarm.com uses cookies for security and to improve your experience on our site. Cookies enable you to enjoy a custom browsing experience and allow us to analyze our site traffic. Click “Accept All Cookies” to consent to the use of cookies or click “Cookie Settings” to find out more about how cookies are used or to change your cookie preferences. COOKIE SETTINGS COOKIE SETTINGS Cookie Settings Cookie Settings This website uses essential cookies for the operation and security of the website and uses other cookies to improve functionality and the user experience. You may select your choice of cookies to allow on our website below. Disabled Toggle Essential Cookies(required) These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our website, including the use of certain features like secure access to password-protected accounts. This category of cookies cannot be disabled. Toggle Non-Essential Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of the website, but they are non-essential to your use of the website. However, without these cookies certain functionality may be unavailable to you. These cookies may collect information that help us understand usage of our website to measure and improve performance of our website. Advertising/Tracking Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. These cookies may also collect information about which pages you visit on our website and if you are accessing the website from clicking on advertising on another site or social network. These cookies allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and our website. Please note that you are turning on Non-Essential Cookies in your Cookie Settings and this conflicts with your Global Privacy Control (GPC) settings.Our Privacy Pledge: We respect your privacy and don't sell activity data from your home or business. Steve Trundle, President and CEO Steve Trundle, President and CEO When we started Alarm.com, we knew that smart security systems would capture a lot of data from sensors and cameras within a property. From the beginning, we decided that this data should be private. We wouldn’t want our information sold without our knowledge, and we don’t think our customers would either. We encourage you to think about the value of your privacy, and the benefit of a provider who pledges to respect it. Steve Trundle, President and CEO Steve Trundle, President and CEO When we started Alarm.com, we knew that smart security systems would capture a lot of data from sensors and cameras within a property. From the beginning, we decided that this data should be private. We wouldn’t want our information sold without our knowledge, and we don’t think our customers would either. We encourage you to think about the value of your privacy, and the benefit of a provider who pledges to respect it. Steve Trundle, President and CEO Steve Trundle, President and CEO When we started Alarm.com, we knew that smart security systems would capture a lot of data from sensors and cameras within a property. From the beginning, we decided that this data should be private. We wouldn’t want our information sold without our knowledge, and we don’t think our customers would either. We encourage you to think about the value of your privacy, and the benefit of a provider who pledges to respect it. Ready to go? Alarm.com technology is sold, installed and serviced by licensed service providers near you. Back to Top For Service Providers Resources About Alarm.com United States (en-US) 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 100 • Tysons, VA 22102 Copyright © 2000-2023 Alarm.com Incorporated. All rights reserved. Alarm.com and the Alarm.com logo are registered trademarks of Alarm.com Incorporated. Alarm.com uses cookies for security and to improve your experience on our site. Cookies enable you to enjoy a custom browsing experience and allow us to analyze our site traffic. Click “Accept All Cookies” to consent to the use of cookies or click “Cookie Settings” to find out more about how cookies are used or to change your cookie preferences. Search Close Cookie Settings This website uses essential cookies for the operation and security of the website and uses other cookies to improve functionality and the user experience. You may select your choice of cookies to allow on our website below. Essential Cookies (Required) These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our website, including the use of certain features like secure access to password-protected accounts. This category of cookies cannot be disabled. Non-Essential Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of the website, but they are non-essential to your use of the website. However, without these cookies certain functionality may be unavailable to you. These cookies may collect information that help us understand usage of our website to measure and improve performance of our website. Analytics/Tracking Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. These cookies may also collect information about which pages you visit on our website and if you are accessing the website from clicking on advertising on another site or social network. These cookies allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and our website. Close