Privacy and security tips and tune-ups We’re committed to helping you stay safe and secure anywhere you use our products and services on your phone, on your devices and online. Help protect your data and manage unwanted calls with our 24/7 network security and free apps. Learn More Parental controls and online resources Find more information about parental controls and online safety. Learn More Cyber Aware Learn about cyberfraud prevention and cybersecurity. Learn More Fraud Protect yourself from fraud and guard against identity theft. Learn More If you have any questions about these tips, please email us at privacypolicy@att.com . Contact us We want to hear from you. Contact us directly for any questions you have about privacy: Email us at privacypolicy@att.com Or write to us at AT&T Privacy Policy, Chief Privacy Office 208 S. Akard, Room 2100 Dallas, TX 75202. For questions not related to privacy, go to the “Contact Us” link at the bottom of any att.com page. You also can access your online account from the upper right hand corner of our home page at att.com for additional service options. HTML Editor Component *Contents may not have visible height View the full Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Contact Us Shop Subscribe to AT&T News Your Privacy Choices © 2023 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. Effective June 2, 2023, we clarified that phone number is an example of equipment information collected. We are committed to providing you transparency by letting you know when we’ve made changes to our policy. We truly value your business. Previous Updates We are committed to transparency, so we want you to know we’re updating the AT&T Privacy Policy, effective January 1, 2023: We’re making customer choices simpler. All customers can now select “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information,” and we’re removing the specific opt-out for External Marketing and Analytics Reports, which only share information that is already aggregated (grouped), meaning they don’t identify individuals. We’ve expanded our section on State Privacy Rights and Choices. It includes categories and examples of information we collect, create and share. It also explains choices available to you to manage your information. We’ve updated the names, descriptions and terms of our ad programs. Our “Personalized” program replaces “Relevant Advertising” and provides you offers and ads that are relevant to your interests. “Personalized Plus” replaces “Enhanced Relevant Advertising” and uses more of your information for more relevant communications to you. You can opt out or opt in at any time. Previous Updates Effective June 6, 2022, we have removed references in our policy to Xandr. This is in addition to the removal of WarnerMedia and its family of companies that was announced on April 8, 2022 as these entities are no longer affiliates of AT&T. We are committed to providing you transparency by letting you know when we’ve made changes to our policy. We truly value your business. Previous Updates Effective April 8, 2022, we have removed references in our policy to WarnerMedia and its family of companies as they are no longer affiliates of AT&T. We are committed to providing you transparency by letting you know when we’ve made changes to our policy. We truly value your business. Previous Updates We are committed to transparency, so we want you to know we’ve made an update to the AT&T Privacy Policy. Effective November 1, 2021, we removed references to U-verse TV from our policy as that service is now covered by the DIRECTV Privacy Policy . We value your business, and thank you for being a customer of AT&T. Previous Updates On June 16th, we updated the California Consumer Privacy Act section of our privacy policy. We clarified the types of information collected and the purposes for that collection.We provided a link to our CCPA Metrics .See the prior version of the Privacy Policy . Previous Updates In keeping with our commitment to transparency, we want you to know that we’ve updated parts of the AT&T Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read our full policy , but we’ve summarized the key changes. On October 1, 2021, the Nevada Privacy law went into effect, allowing residents of Nevada to ask us not to sell their personal information. To see more, visit Your Choices and Controls . Previous Updates As of August 26, 2021, DIRECTV has its own Privacy Policy .As of November 1, these additional key changes will take effect for AT&T customers under our revised policy: We may collect, use or share biometric information for fraud prevention and security purposes.If you opt in to our Enhanced Relevant Advertising program, we may use other information from testing and running our network to make inferences regarding web browsing and videos watched over secure connections to personalize your experience or deliver more relevant marketing messages and offers to you. Keep in mind that we don’t access sensitive information or break encryption, and we don’t use the content of texts, emails or phone calls for marketing or advertising. If we share information with third parties for purposes such as verifying your identity and protecting your financial accounts, you can manage this sharing of information simply by going to Manage Privacy Choices . We are committed to keeping your information secure, as well as providing you with Choices and Controls for how your information is used. You can visit the Choices and Controls section of our Privacy Center at any time to adjust your settings. Your service is not affected by these changes, and your continued use of our services indicates your acceptance of these changes. We value your business, and thank you for being a customer of AT&T. Previous UpdatesCompany AT&T Mexico Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Social Responsibility Public Policy Ethics & Compliance Careers Shop What We Do Digital Divide Wireless 5G Internet & Fiber AT&T Business Public Sector & FirstNet Disaster Recovery Technology & Innovation Investors Investor Profile Investor News & Events Financial Reports Stock Information Stockholder Services Corporate Governance Investor Resources News AT&T Blog Media Assets Media Contacts Subscribe to AT&T News AT&T Newsroom YouTube Follow @ATTNews on Instagram Follow @ATTNews on Twitter HTML Editor Component *Contents may not have visible height HTML Editor Component *Contents may not have visible height Your Choices and Controls Toggle menu AT&T Privacy Policy Toggle menu State Law Approach Toggle menu Global Approach Toggle menu Transparency Report Toggle menu HTML Editor Component *Contents may not have visible height Our Privacy Approach You can count on us to provide you with products and services designed with privacy in mind, while also giving you control over how your information is shared. Our Privacy Center explains our approach to privacy and data use in simple language, and presents you with helpful links to privacy choices, security tips, and much more. Our Privacy Principles are fundamental to our business, and reflect our commitment to: Transparency We’re open and honest about how we use your data. Choices & Control We give you choices about how we use your data. Security We use strong safeguards to keep your data confidential and secure. Integrity We do what we say. We appreciate your business and will work hard every day to earn your trust. Data helps us bring you better, more reliable products, services and experiences. Data helps improve programs for social good. Data helps improve security and prevent fraud. Data helps us customize offers for our products and services that may interest you. HTML Editor Component *Contents may not have visible height View the full Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Contact Us Shop Subscribe to AT&T News Your Privacy Choices © 2023 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. Effective June 2, 2023, we clarified that phone number is an example of equipment information collected. We are committed to providing you transparency by letting you know when we’ve made changes to our policy. We truly value your business. Previous Updates We are committed to transparency, so we want you to know we’re updating the AT&T Privacy Policy, effective January 1, 2023: We’re making customer choices simpler. All customers can now select “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information,” and we’re removing the specific opt-out for External Marketing and Analytics Reports, which only share information that is already aggregated (grouped), meaning they don’t identify individuals. We’ve expanded our section on State Privacy Rights and Choices. It includes categories and examples of information we collect, create and share. It also explains choices available to you to manage your information. We’ve updated the names, descriptions and terms of our ad programs. Our “Personalized” program replaces “Relevant Advertising” and provides you offers and ads that are relevant to your interests. “Personalized Plus” replaces “Enhanced Relevant Advertising” and uses more of your information for more relevant communications to you. You can opt out or opt in at any time. Previous Updates Effective June 6, 2022, we have removed references in our policy to Xandr. This is in addition to the removal of WarnerMedia and its family of companies that was announced on April 8, 2022 as these entities are no longer affiliates of AT&T. We are committed to providing you transparency by letting you know when we’ve made changes to our policy. We truly value your business. Previous Updates Effective April 8, 2022, we have removed references in our policy to WarnerMedia and its family of companies as they are no longer affiliates of AT&T. We are committed to providing you transparency by letting you know when we’ve made changes to our policy. We truly value your business. Previous Updates We are committed to transparency, so we want you to know we’ve made an update to the AT&T Privacy Policy. Effective November 1, 2021, we removed references to U-verse TV from our policy as that service is now covered by the DIRECTV Privacy Policy . We value your business, and thank you for being a customer of AT&T. Previous Updates On June 16th, we updated the California Consumer Privacy Act section of our privacy policy. We clarified the types of information collected and the purposes for that collection.We provided a link to our CCPA Metrics .See the prior version of the Privacy Policy .Previous Updates In keeping with our commitment to transparency, we want you to know that we’ve updated parts of the AT&T Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read our full policy , but we’ve summarized the key changes. On October 1, 2021, the Nevada Privacy law went into effect, allowing residents of Nevada to ask us not to sell their personal information. To see more, visit Your Choices and Controls . Previous Updates As of August 26, 2021, DIRECTV has its own Privacy Policy . As of November 1, these additional key changes will take effect for AT&T customers under our revised policy: We may collect, use or share biometric information for fraud prevention and security purposes.If you opt in to our Enhanced Relevant Advertising program, we may use other information from testing and running our network to make inferences regarding web browsing and videos watched over secure connections to personalize your experience or deliver more relevant marketing messages and offers to you. Keep in mind that we don’t access sensitive information or break encryption, and we don’t use the content of texts, emails or phone calls for marketing or advertising. If we share information with third parties for purposes such as verifying your identity and protecting your financial accounts, you can manage this sharing of information simply by going to Manage Privacy Choices . We are committed to keeping your information secure, as well as providing you with Choices and Controls for how your information is used. You can visit the Choices and Controls section of our Privacy Center at any time to adjust your settings. Your service is not affected by these changes, and your continued use of our services indicates your acceptance of these changes. We value your business, and thank you for being a customer of AT&T. Previous Updates ×