Service Privacy Policy Amagi Media Labs Private Limited (India), together with its affiliates, Amagi Corporation (United States), Amagi Media Private Limited (United Kingdom) and Amagi Media Labs Pte Limited (Singapore) (collectively, “Amagi”, “us” or “we”) is committed to develop and maintain a strong and efficient privacy protection mechanism for all users. This Services Privacy Policy describes how information is collected and utilized by Amagi related to the data it collects and uses in connection with its platform and services related to channel preparation, content distribution and advertising (the “Services”). If you are interested in our website and corporate privacy policy, please click here . The Services may be used by Amagi’s customers (e.g. digital publishers, television broadcasters, OTT platforms, video producers, streaming video player providers, etc. (collectively, “Customers”)) in combination with the products and services of third parties. Amagi does not control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of Customers or such third parties (other than service providers we engage to perform services for us), and this Services Privacy Policy does not cover collection or use of information by Customers or such third parties. Please refer to the privacy policies of the respective Customers or third parties in order to understand their privacy practices and your choices related to the same. Content Guide: Service Data Collected A Customer’s end user whose data is received by Amagi as part of the Services is referred to herein as an “End User”. You are an End User if, for example, a Customer uses our Services and you view such Customer’s channel or use such Customer’s streaming player on a Viewing Platform, thus resulting in data collection by Amagi. “Viewing Platform” means any medium through which channels or VOD (video on demand) content can be viewed, such as a connected TV, smartphone, tablet, desktop computer, etc. When an End User views or interacts with video content, video advertising or streaming video players through a Customer that uses the Services, Amagi collects data about this interaction, such as (if and to the extent made available by the Customer): IP address, device identifier or advertising identifier, user agent, app ID, date and time of interaction, viewing duration, country in which the End User is located, device type, operating system, content and advertising viewed (which may include program, channel and genre as well as audience group and target demographic for the content type), type of engagement with content and advertising, and other pseudonymous information made available by the End User’s device or browser (collectively, “Service Data”). Service Data does not include, and the Services do not collect, use, or allow, data that directly identifies an individual, such as name, address, phone number, email address, or government identifier. Service Data is collected by Amagi through beacons inserted into the End User’s video stream or through CDN (content distribution network) logs. How Service Data Is Used Service Data is used to provide, improve and administer our Services. For instance, we may use it to prepare and distribute a channel and its content, work with an Ad Server and/or Ad Partner to display Ads selected by the applicable Ad Server or Ad Partner, maintain and improve the performance of our Services, provide reporting to the Customers, conduct internal analysis and/or fraud detection, and perform billing, invoicing and payment functions in connection with the Customer’s use of the Services. We may also use Service Data to provide it to Ad Servers and/or Ad Partners in connection with their customization and/or optimization of the content and/or Ads displayed to an End User (for instance, Ad Servers and/or Ad Partners may use Service Data to schedule Ads, limit the number of times an Ad is shown to an End User over a given period of time, optimize the display of Ads, and/or target content or Ads to an End User’s interests or preferences). How Service Data is Shared We may share Service Data with third parties: To enable our third-party service providers to perform services for us (for instance, in cases where we use cloud storage, authentication or security services provided by third parties).With Ad Servers and Ad Partners in order to enable them to perform their respective services for our Customers, or (in cases where we have engaged such parties directly) for us.If we believe we are required by law to do so, or if we believe that the disclosure is required or necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a court order, subpoena or other legal processes.If we believe that it is required by law enforcement in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or a potential threat to our Services or to a third-party.If the information is required by our legal, financial, and other professional advisors;With any affiliate, parent or subsidiary company of ours, with an entity who acquires us, or with a successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may give our data files as part of that transaction. Amagi may share aggregate and anonymous usage statistics regarding the Services with the public or businesses with whom Amagi works. Amagi may also use such aggregated information to help Amagi improve the design and delivery of its Services and increase its effectiveness for all users. Your Choices Some of the Customers, Ad Partners and Ad Servers we work with offer an opt-out from their interest-based advertising activities, as described below. You may also contact us to exercise your EU or California privacy rights as per the corresponding sections below. Opt-out for Desktop or Mobile Web: To opt-out of interest-based advertising from those of our Customers, Ad Partners and Ad Servers who provide such opt-out on desktop or mobile web, please visit the NAI page located here or the DAA page located here . In order to comply with an opt-out request, these companies may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of complying with such opt-out request. If an End User deletes its cookies or changes computers or devices after opting out, he or she will need to opt out again by clicking the links in this paragraph. Please note that where an End User blocks cookies on his or her browser, such companies will be unable to set an opt-out cookie, and therefore will be unable to abide by such End User opt-out request. Opt-out for Mobile Applications: To opt-out of interest-based advertising from those of our Customers, Ad Partners and Ad Servers who provide such opt-out for the mobile applications on your mobile device, the method of opting out depends on the type of device you have. Please visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices Page located at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices# for detailed instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various devices and/or download the DAA's AppChoices App or the TrustArc Privacy App . Opt-out for CTV Many of the Customers we work with, and many of the manufacturers of the TV-enabled devices that you use, may enable an opt-out of interest-based advertising for CTV (i.e., a television with third-party connected applications, a smart television and/or a digital media streaming device). Please visit the NAI’s Internet Connected TV Opt-Out Instructions Page located at https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/ for detailed instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various types of CTVs. Additional Information We may also receive certain opt-out flags from our Customers where they participate in an applicable industry framework, such as the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework or the IAB CCPA Compliance Framework. When we receive an opt-out flag from a CTV or otherwise from a Customer (for instance, as related to an applicable industry framework), Amagi’s system passes such flag to the Ad Servers and Ad Partners with whom it works. Amagi will still provide its Services to such Customers related to the delivery of content and/or Ads to the End User. Please note, however, that Ads may be less relevant to such End User’s interests. Data Retention Service Data is retained in non-aggregated form for up to 12 months. Service Data may be anonymized and used for reporting and analysis, and may be stored as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate business need or as required by law. Data and Information Security Amagi has put in place appropriate and reasonable controls designed to help safeguard the Service Data collected pursuant to this Service Privacy Policy. However, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot assure you that Service Data will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way. Storage of Information The information that we collect from you and about you may be transferred to and stored in a country other than your country of residence, such as the USA and the UK, which may not offer the same level of protection of personal information as your country of residence. However, we will take contractual and/or other measures when and as required by GDPR Chapter V, designed to ensure your Personal Data is protected; this also includes Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission. Children’s Privacy Amagi does not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 16.If you become aware that Amagi has collected personal information (as defined under applicable data protection laws) from a child under the age of 16, please contact Amagi at privacy@amagi.com , so that Amagi can confirm and take appropriate steps to delete the information. EU Privacy Rights Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom, have certain statutory rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in relation to their personal data. To the extent that data we collect is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Services Privacy Policy as "Personal Data". Legal Bases For Use Of Your Personal Data The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal ground they rely on to use or disclose your personal data. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows: To honor our contractual commitments to you.Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of your consent. Where you have provided consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time for future data uses.Legitimate interest: In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as: Providing a positive user experience;Providing customer service;Marketing;Protecting our service;Analyzing and improving our business; andManaging legal issues. Data Subject Access Requests Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request: a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you;to correct the Personal Data we hold about you;to delete your Personal Data;to object to processing of your Personal Data for certain purposes;to exercise your choices with regard to sharing of your Personal Data as noted under "Your Choices" above. You can do this by sending us an email at: privacy@amagi.com or by writing to us at: Attn: Privacy OfficerAmagi Media Labs Private LimitedRaj Alkaa Park, Sy. No. 29/3 and 32/2, 4th FloorKalena Agrahara Village,Begur Hobli,Bengaluru - 560 076. We will generally process requests within one month. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and/or the jurisdiction in which you reside. If your request is complicated or if you have made a large number of requests, it may take us longer. We will let you know if we need longer than one month to respond. There may be exceptions to the rights for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request. For instance, if you ask for your account to be closed, we will do this as soon as reasonably possible, subject to any applicable terms and conditions relating to the Account. If permitted by law, Personal Data from closed accounts may be retained in order to comply with legal obligations, prevent fraud or resolve disputes. In addition to the rights above, residents of the European Economic Area also have the right to lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern. U.S. State Privacy Laws Please refer to our U.S. State Privacy Laws page . Changes to the Privacy Policy Amagi reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the modified Privacy Policy on the Amagi Website. Your continued use of the content, products and services provided by our Customers in conjunction with our Services indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. Contact You may contact us with questions or concerns via email at privacy@amagi.com , or by mail. Our mailing address is: Attn: Privacy OfficerAmagi Media Labs Private LimitedRaj Alkaa Park, Sy. No. 29/3 and 32/2, 4th FloorKalena Agrahara Village,Begur Hobli,Bengaluru - 560 076. Last updated: August 7, 2023 UTM Campaign UTM Content UTM Medium UTM Term UTM Source Copyright © 2023 AmagiWebsite Privacy Policy Amagi Media Labs Private Limited (India), together with its affiliates, Amagi Corporation (United States), Amagi Media Private Limited (United Kingdom), Amagi Media Labs Pte Limited (Singapore), and Amagi Canada Corporation Inc. (collectively, “Amagi”, “us” or “we”) is committed to develop and maintain a strong and efficient privacy protection mechanism for all our visitors. This Website Privacy Policy describes how information is collected and utilised by Amagi from our owned and operated corporate websites, client-facing dashboards, and by other means, including through your business-related contact with us (the “Website”). This Website Privacy Policy does not cover data related to consumers or end users that are collected, used, or disclosed through Amagi’s technology platform or its products and services provided to various publishers, broadcasters, marketers, and other businesses across various third-party media (the “Services”). For information regarding privacy as related to the Services, please visit our Services Privacy Policy . By accessing and using the Website, you acknowledge the processing of your information in accordance with this Website Privacy Policy. The Website may link to third-party websites and online media. Amagi does not control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties. This Website Privacy Policy does not cover the collection or use of information by third parties on such properties. Visitors to or users of such third-party websites or other media should consult the privacy policies of such properties to learn about such third parties’ privacy practices. Content Guide: Website Usage Data When you visit or use the Website, we collect information about how you use the Website, including IP addresses, cookie information, browser type, device type, operating system, user agent, time and day of the visit, length of visit, what site you came from, what site you visit when you leave us, device ID and/or advertising ID, navigation through the Website, pages visited, time spent and device and browser settings (collectively, “Usage Data”). If you choose, you may provide additional information, such as first name, last name, company name, title, phone number, and email address (“Registration Data”). If you are a customer, you may be provided with the opportunity to register for an account with us, in which case you may also select or may be given login credentials (“Account Data”). Business Contacts Data We may collect or process information about you if you or your employer has a business relationship with us. You could be a customer, supplier, or prospect (e.g., a publisher, a marketer, etc.). The information we collect about you refers to you in your professional capacity (name, email address, billing address, office address, phone number, title, and company). Such information can be collected from exchanging emails or business cards, meeting at industry events, trade shows, or client sessions, or from third parties (e.g., a client making a referral, an event promotions company, etc.). How Data is Used and Shared We use and retain the information we collect about you in order to monitor and assist in improvements to our Website and Services, to customise content and/or advertising displayed to you pertaining to our Services, to communicate information related to our products and services (maintain and improve the performance of our Website, and for security or authentication purposes. We may use your Registration Data and/or Account Data to manage and maintain your account with us, provide customer service, conduct an internal analysis, and perform billing, invoicing, and payment functions in connection with your account where applicable. We may also use Registration Data and/or Account Data in order to send Services-related information to you, communicate with you about your account or our relationship, and send alerts and promotional messages to you. For example, we might send you information about new products and special offers, or to tell you about new features or updates. We might also contact you about our privacy policies or terms of use. We may share the information we collect about you with third parties: to enable our third-party partners to perform services for us.For instance, such information may be shared with companies that operate or help us operate our Website, perform authentication or analytics, or send emails on our behalf;to enable the processing of the payments you make to us on our behalf;if we believe we are required by law to do so, or if we believe that the disclosure is required or necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a court order, subpoena, or other legal process; if we believe that it is required by law enforcement in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or a potential threat to our Website or Services or a third party;if the information is required by our legal, financial, and other professional advisors or our web developers when we upgrade or improve our Website;with any affiliate, parent, or subsidiary company of ours, with an entity who acquires us, or with a successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold, we may give our customer files as part of that transaction; or otherwise, with your consent. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, to help analyse how visitors use the Website. Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on a visitor’s computer or device, to track the visitor’s activity (including information such as the visitor’s flow, location by country, language, browser, and OS, ISP, and devices) on the Website. We use this service with a view to analyse usage across devices and offer improvements for all visitors. To learn more about Google Analytics, please click here . To opt out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, please click here Intercom For customer management purposes, we use the services of Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”). We utilize Intercom for additional data analysis, e.g., retrieving a user’s sign-up date or activity when providing customer support or as a communication medium through web-based chat or email. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit http://docs.intercom.io/privacy . Intercom’s services are governed by Intercom’s terms of use which can be found at https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#terms . If you want to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Intercom, please contact us directly. Tracking Technologies We and our partners may collect the data described in this Website Privacy Policy using cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files stored on the visitor’s computer. Visitors can set their browser to reject cookies altogether, to reject our cookies in particular, or to delete cookies. However, this may cause some or all parts of the Website not to function on such visitor’s computer or device (for instance, where a session cookie is required to enable access to an account). For our EU based website visitors, we may also put in place a cookie control tool on our site. Use of Information by Third Parties for Advertising and Marketing Purposes We use third-party partners to perform various services for us, such as displaying ads for our Services on third-party websites, applications, and other forms of media and tailoring such ads to the visitor’s interests and behaviour. Please visit “Your Choices” below to learn more about your choices to opt out of tailored advertising. Your Choices You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, please click the unsubscribe link in the email. Even if you opt out of marketing messages, if you have an account with us, we will still send you transactional messages, which include service-related communications and responses to your questions. You may opt out of tailored advertising from many of our third-party partners by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page , the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page , or the European Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page . Please note that any opt-out choice you exercise will apply to the interest-based advertising by the third-party partners you select but may still allow data collection for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising, but that advertising may be less relevant to your interests. You may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Privacy Rights Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom, have certain statutory rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in relation to their personal data.To the extent that data we collect is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Website Privacy Policy as "Personal Data.” Legal Bases for Use of Your Personal Data The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal ground they rely on to use or disclose your personal data. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows: To honour our contractual commitments to you.Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of your consent. Where you have provided consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time for future data use.Legitimate interest: In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as: Providing a positive user experience.Providing customer service;Marketing;Protecting our service;Analysing and improving our business; andManaging legal issues and fulfilling legal obligations. Storage of Information The information that we collect from you and about you may be transferred to and stored in a country other than your country of residence, which may not offer the same level of protection of personal information as your country of residence. However, we will take contractual and/or other measures when and as required by applicable law, designed to ensure your Personal Data is protected; this also includes Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission. Information Security We have put in place reasonable controls designed to help safeguard the personal data we collect pursuant to this Website Privacy Policy. However, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot assure you that the personal data that we collect will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way. Please note that where we have given you (or where you have chosen) log in credentials that enable you to access the Website, you are responsible for keeping these credentials confidential. Data Retention We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested or for other essential purposes, such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies. Our Website and Children Our Services are meant for adults aged 18 years and above. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child is below the age of consent, you can email us or write to us at the address listed at the end of this Website Privacy Policy. Data Subject Access Requests Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request: a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you;to correct the Personal Data we hold about you;to delete your Personal Data;to object to the processing of your Personal Data for certain purposes;to exercise your choices with regard to sharing your Personal Data as noted under "Your Choices" above;to restrict how we use your personal information, but this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of our services;to lodge a complaint with the relevant authority if you consider that processing your personal data infringes applicable law. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern; or to object to processing your personal information where it is so conducted by automated means and involves any kind of decision-making subject to discovery that your data was used for automated means. You can exercise these rights by sending us an email or by writing to us at the details given below. We will process requests within the period stipulated under applicable law. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and/or the jurisdiction in which you reside. If your request is complicated or if you have made many requests, it may take us longer. We will let you know if we need more time to respond. There may be exceptions to the rights for specific legal reasons, which, if applicable, we will set out for you in response to your request. For instance, if you ask for your account to be closed, we will do this as soon as reasonably possible, subject to any applicable terms and conditions relating to the Account. If permitted by law, Personal Data from closed accounts may be retained in order to comply with legal obligations, prevent fraud or resolve disputes. U.S. State Privacy Laws Please refer to our U.S. State Privacy Laws page . Contact If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, you may contact us at: privacy@amagi.com or by writing to us at:Attn: Privacy OfficerAmagi Media Labs Private LimitedRaj Alkaa Park, Sy. No.29/3 and 32/2, 4th FloorKalena Agrahara Village, Begur Hobli,Bengaluru - 560 076. Updates to this Website Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change or modify this Website Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the modified Website Privacy Policy on this website. Your continued use of the Services indicates your acceptance of the modified Website Privacy Policy. This Policy was last updated on: May 18, 2023 UTM Campaign UTM Content UTM Medium UTM Term UTM Source Copyright © 2023 Amagi