Select Your Cookie Preferences We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice . We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements. If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping experience across the Amazon stores as described in our Cookie Notice . This includes using first- and third-party cookies , which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click ‘Customise Cookies’ to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences , as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Amazon Store order history), please visit our Privacy Notice . Accept Cookies .nl Hello Select your address All Select the department you want to search in Search Amazon.nl Hello, sign in Account & Lists Returns & Orders Shopping- Basket Sign in Create a List Your Account Your Orders Keep Shopping For Your Recommendations Your Subscribe & Save Items Your Prime Membership Manage Your Content and Devices Memberships & Subscriptions Amazon Drive Your Prime Video All Prime Did you receive any unexpected SMS/E-mail/Phone call/Letters that appear to be from Amazon ? Be alert. Please do not open any links in the communication and report it as soon as possible here . Amazon will not call, text, or email you about an order you aren't expecting or ask you to urgently confirm any purchase or payment details. You can always go to Your Orders in Your Account to keep track of your order history. Amazon will never ask you to provide your personal information or to make a payment outside of our website. For more tips on how to avoid and report scams, check out our Help page . See all alerts (alert-count more) Hello.What can we help you with? Some things you can do here Your orders Track packages Edit or cancel orders Returns and refunds Return or exchange items Print return mailing labels Digital services and device support Find device help and support Troubleshoot device issues Manage Prime Learn about Prime benefits Cancel Prime membership Payments and gift cards Add or edit payment methods Change expired debit or credit card Your account Manage your account preferences Update login information Report something suspicious Scam call, SMS or Phishing email Gift cards and top-up View balance or redeem a card Contact us Contact our customer service via phone or chat Search the help library Type something like "question about a charge" Browse help topics Learn how to Quick SolutionsDispatch & Delivery › Managing Your Account › Payment, Invoices & VAT › Returns & Refunds › Ordering › Where's My Stuff? › Amazon DevicesDigital Services & ContentPrivacy NoticeOther Topics & Help pagesNeed more Help? How can we help you? Quick Solutions Dispatch & Delivery › Managing Your Account › Payment, Invoices & VAT › Returns & Refunds › Ordering › Where's My Stuff? › Amazon Devices Digital Services & Content Privacy Notice Other Topics & Help pages Need more Help? Back to top Indie Digital & Print PublishingMade Easy Movies, TV& Celebrities Book reviews& recommendations Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime Scalable CloudComputing Services © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliatesZojuist gelanceerd! Nederland Verenigde Staten Verenigd Koninkrijk Duitsland Frankrijk Japan Canada China Italië Spanje India Brazilië Mexico Australië Verenigde Arabische Emiraten Singapore Nederland Saudi-Arabië Zweden Polen België Associates Program Operating Agreement Welcome to Amazon’s website for associates (the “ Associates Site ”), where you can manage your affiliate marketing relationship with the relevant Amazon entities as set forth in Schedule 1 (“ Amazon ” or “ us ” or similar terms). Translations are available for: French , German , Italian , Spanish and Polish . In the event of any conflict among translations, the English version will control. Any person or entity that participates or attempts to participate in our associate marketing program (the “ Associates Program ” and such person or entity, “ you ”, or an “ Associate ”) must accept this Associates Program Operating Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) without change. By registering for or using the Associates Site, you agree to this Agreement, including the Program Policies (defined in Section 12), which are incorporated by reference (for example, our Associates Program Participation Requirements, Associates Program IP License, Associates Program Commission Income Statement, and Associates Program Trademark Guidelines.) Please read them carefully. 1.Description of the Associates Program When our customers click through or engage with the Special Links to purchase an item sold or services offered on the Amazon Site or take other actions, you can receive commission income for qualifying purchases, as further described in (and subject to the limitations in) the Associates Program Commission Income Statement . In order to facilitate your advertisement of these items or services, we may make available to you data, images, text, link formats, widgets, links, marketing content, and other linking tools, application program interfaces, Alexa functionality, and other information in connection with the Associates Program (“ Program Content ”). Program Content specifically excludes any data, images, text, or other information or content relating to product offerings on any site other than the Amazon Site. 2.Associates Program Compliance Requirements You must promptly provide us with any information that we request to verify your compliance with this Agreement. If you violate this Agreement, or if you violate terms and conditions of any other applicable Amazon marketing agreement, then, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to us, we reserve the right to permanently (to the extent permitted by applicable law) cease payment of (and you agree you will not be eligible to receive) any and all commission income otherwise payable to you under this Agreement, whether or not directly related to such violation without notice and without prejudice to any right of Amazon to recover damages in excess of this amount. 3.Amazon Customers 4.Warranties We do not make any representation, warranty, or covenant regarding the amount of traffic or commission income you can expect at any time in connection with the Associates Program, and we will not be liable for any actions you undertake based on your expectations. 5.Identifying Yourself as an Associate 6.Term and Termination In addition, we may terminate this Agreement or suspend your account immediately upon written notice to you for any of the following: (a) you are in material breach of this Agreement, (b) you otherwise fail to cure within 7 days of our notice to you regarding any other breach of this Agreement (including any Program Policy); (c) we believe that we may face potential claims or liability in connection with your participation in the Associates Program; (d) your participation in the Associate Program has been used for deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; (e) we believe that our brand or reputation may be tarnished by you or in connection with your participation in the Associates Program; (f) we believe that we are or may become subject to tax collection requirements in connection with this Agreement or the activities performed by either party under this Agreement; (g) we have previously terminated this Agreement (or suspended your account) with respect to you or other persons that we determine are affiliated with you or acting in concert with you for any reason, or (h) we have terminated the Associates Program as we generally make it available to participants. For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation for purposes of the foregoing subsection (a) any violation of Section 5 and as specified in the Program Policies will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement.We may hold accrued unpaid commission income for a reasonable period of time following termination to ensure that the correct amount is paid (for example, to account for any cancelations or returns). Upon any termination of this Agreement, all rights and obligations of the parties will be extinguished, including any and all licenses granted in connection with this Agreement, except that the rights and obligations of the parties under Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, and 11 of this Agreement and as specified in the Program Policies, together with any payable but unpaid payment obligations under this Agreement, will survive the termination of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement will relieve either party for any liability for any breach of, or liability accruing under, this Agreement prior to termination. 7.Disclaimers 8.Limitations on Liability 9.Indemnification 10.Governing Law and Disputes 11.Taxes 12.Additional Provisions You acknowledge and agree that (a) we and our affiliates may at any time (directly or indirectly) solicit traffic on terms that may differ from those contained in this Agreement, (b) we and our affiliates may at any time (directly or indirectly) operate sites or applications that are similar to or compete with your Site, (c) our failure to enforce your strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provision of this Agreement, and (d) any determinations or updates that may be made by us, any actions that may be taken by us, and any approvals that may be given by us under this Agreement can be made, taken, or given in our sole discretion and are only effective if provided in writing by our authorized representative. You may not assign this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without our express prior written approval. Subject to that restriction, this Agreement will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against the parties and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement incorporates, and you agree to comply with, the most up-to-date version of all policies, appendices, specifications, guidelines, schedules, and other rules referenced in this Agreement or and any other policies that apply to tools, subprograms and features made available to you under the Associates Program (“ Program Policies ”), including any updates of the Program Policies from time to time. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any Program Policy, this Agreement will control. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and your agreement with an Amazon affiliate under a separate affiliate marketing program that agreement will control with respect to such separate program. This Agreement (including the Program Policies) is the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Associates Program and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions. Whenever used in this Agreement, the terms “include(s)”, “including”, and “for example” are used and intended without limitation. Any information relating to Amazon or any of its affiliates that we provide or make accessible to you in connection with the Associates Program that is not known to the general public or that reasonably should be considered to be confidential is Amazon’s “ Confidential Information ” and will remain Amazon’s exclusive property. You will use Confidential Information only to the extent reasonably necessary for your performance under this Agreement and ensure that all persons or entities who have access to Confidential Information in connection with your account will be made aware of and will comply with the obligations in this provision. You will not disclose Confidential Information to any third party (other than your affiliates bound by confidentiality obligations) and you will take all reasonable measures to protect the Confidential Information against any use or disclosure that is not expressly permitted in this Agreement. This restriction will be in addition to the terms of any confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement between the parties and will apply for the term of the Agreement and 5 years after termination. You and we are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between you and us or our respective affiliates. You will have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on our or our affiliates’ behalf.If you authorize, assist, encourage, or facilitate another person or entity to take any action related to the subject matter of this Agreement, you will be deemed to have taken the action yourself. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement will, or will be interpreted or construed to, induce or require any party hereto to act in any manner (including taking or failing to take any actions in connection with a transaction) which is inconsistent with or penalized under any U.S. laws, regulations, rules or requirements that apply to any party to this Agreement. 13.Modification If you have concluded this Agreement with Amazon France Services SAS, or the Agreement has been assigned to Amazon France Services SAS, any future changes to this Agreement will be deemed to apply between you and Amazon France Services SAS, despite the remaining reference in Schedule 1 to Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. SCHEDULES In these schedules translations are provided for ease of reference; provided that, unless otherwise required pursuant to applicable law, the English version of these materials will control in the event of any inconsistency. SCHEDULE 1: AMAZON ENTITY AND AMAZON SITE BY LOCATION Belgium Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.com.be France Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. (or Amazon France Services SAS for certain associates as notified) amazon.fr Germany Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.de or audible.de Italy Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.it The Netherlands Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.nl Poland Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l amazon.pl Spain Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.es Sweden Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.se United Kingdom Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. amazon.co.uk or audible.co.uk SCHEDULE 2: GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES BY AMAZON SITE amazon.com.be, amazon.fr, amazon.de, audible.de, amazon.it, amazon.nl, amazon.pl, amazon.es, amazon.se, amazon.co.uk, audible.co.uk The laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws, will govern this Agreement and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us. You hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the judicial district of Luxembourg City. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, we may seek injunctive or other relief in any state, federal, or national court of competent jurisdiction for any actual or alleged infringement of our or any other person or entity’s intellectual property or proprietary rights. You further acknowledge and agree that our rights in the Program Content are of a special, unique, extraordinary character, giving them peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be readily estimated or adequately compensated for in monetary damages. SCHEDULE 3: TAX PROVISION BY AMAZON SITE amazon.com.be, amazon.fr, amazon.de, audible.de, amazon.it, amazon.nl, amazon.pl, amazon.es, amazon.se, amazon.co.uk, audible.co.uk We may deduct or withhold any taxes that we may be legally obligated to deduct or withhold from any amounts payable to you under this Agreement. Payments made to you, as reduced by such deductions or withholdings, will constitute full payment and settlement to you of amounts payable under this Agreement. From time to time, we may request tax information from you. If we request tax information from you and you do not provide it to us, we may (in addition to any other rights or remedies available to us) withhold your commission income until you provide this information or otherwise satisfy us that you are not a person from whom we are required to obtain tax information. Additionally, if you are established in Luxembourg you may be legally obligated to charge us Value Added Tax (VAT). If you provide us with an invoice which meets the requirements for a valid VAT invoice and separately states the correct and applicable VAT, Amazon will pay the applicable VAT. SCHEDULE 4: PRIVACY NOTICE BY AMAZON SITE amazon.com.be amazon.fr amazon.de, audible.de amazon.it amazon.nl amazon.pl amazon.es amazon.se amazon.co.uk, audible.co.uk Meer informatie Partner-service Exploitatieovereenkomst