Amazon.it Privacy Policy Last updated: October 5, 2022. To view previous information, visit the Legal area - Previous versions of documents page. We understand how important you are to how you use them and shared information about you, and we appreciate your trust in us to do so scrupulously and responsibly. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and process your personal data across websites, the devices, products, services, online and physical stores and applications of Amazon that refer to this Privacy Policy (collectively the "Amazon Services"). Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media are data controllers EU SARL, each of them based in Luxembourg, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 and Amazon Digital UK Limited, located in the United Kingdom, 1 Principal Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA (together "Amazon Europe") are data controllers for personal data collected and processed through the Amazon Services. You can find more details on the Data Controllers page. What personal customer data does Amazon Europe collect? We collect your personal data to constantly provide and improve ours products and services. The categories of personal data we collect are listed below: Data You Provide to Us Directly: We receive and store any data you provide to us in connection with the Amazon Services. Click here to view some examples of the data we collect. You can choose not to provide some data, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of many of the our Amazon Services. Data that is collected automatically: We automatically collect and store certain categories of data relating to yours use of the Amazon Services, including your interaction with the content and services available through the Amazon Services. Like many other websites, we use i "cookies" and other unique identification tools and we get some types of data when your browser or device accesses the Amazon Services and such other content provided by or on behalf of Amazon Europe on other websites. Click here to view some examples of the data we collect. Data received from other sources: We may receive information about you from other sources, such as our own couriers about up-to-date delivery and address information, which we use to update our systems and to deliver your future orders more easily. Click here to view some examples of information we receive from other sources. For what purposes does Amazon Europe process your personal data? We process your personal data to operate, provide and improve the Amazon Services that we offer to our customers. These purposes include: Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal data to receive and manage orders, deliver products and services, process payments and communicate with you about your orders, to products, services and promotional offers. To provide and improve the Amazon Services and troubleshoot any issues with them connected. We use your personal data to provide features, analyze performance, correct errors and improve the use and efficiency of the Amazon Services. Tips and customization. We use your personal data to suggest features, products and services that may interest you, to identify your preferences and personalize the your experience with the Amazon Services. Providing voice, image sensing and video camera systems. When you use our voice, imaging and tracking systems camera, we process your voice command, images, videos and other personal data to respond to your requests, to provide you with the requested service and to improve the Amazon Services. For more information on Alexa voice services, click here. Advertising.We use information such as your interactions with Amazon sites, content and the services to show you interest-based advertising in relation to features, products and services that may be of interest to you. We do not use information capable of personally identifying you in order to show you advertising defined in based on interests. For more information, please consult our Notice on Interest-Based Advertising. Prevention of fraud and credit risk. We process personal data to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the safety of our customers, Amazon Europe and others. We could also use credit scores to assess and manage credit risk. Fulfill legal obligations. In some cases we collect and use your personal data to fulfill ours legal obligations. For example, we collect related information from third-party sellers to their registered office and bank account for identification and other purposes purpose. Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you about the Services Amazon through various channels (for example, by phone, email and chat). Purposes for which we ask for your consent. We may also ask for your consent to process your personal data for specific purposes that we will communicate to you. When you consent to the processing of your personal data from us for a specific purpose, you can withdraw yours consent at any time and, in that case, we will stop processing your data for this purpose. How are cookies and other identification tools managed? We use "cookies" and other similar tools to improve your experience purchase, provide our services, understand how customers use ours services in order to make improvements and display advertising. Also Authorized third parties use these tools in connection with our display of the advertisements. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please please consult our Cookie Policy. You can manage your cookie preferences by visiting the Amazon Europe page. Do you share your personal data with third parties? Data relating to our customers is a fundamental component of our business and we do not sell our customers' personal data to third parties. Amazon Europe communicates your personal data only as described below and to Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which are subject to this Policy on privacy or in any case to procedures that provide for similar protections to those described in this Privacy Policy. Transactions involving third parties: We make services, products, applications or skills provided by third parties available to you parties for use of, or through, the Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third-party sellers through our stores, download applications of third parties from our Appstore and enable third party skills through our Alexa services. We also provide services or sell products in partnership with third party companies, such as co-branded credit cards. You will be able to recognize when a third party is involved in our transactions and it is in connection with these transactions that we share personal customer data with that third party. Third party service providers: We use other companies and individuals to carry out certain activities on our behalf. For example, to fulfill orders for products or services, deliver parcels, send paper mail and emails, remove recurring information from customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, deliver results of searches and links (including ads and paid links), processing payments, transmitting content, assess and manage credit risk, and provide support services clients.These third party service providers only have access to personal data that they are necessary for the performance of their activities, but they will not be able to process i data of which they become aware for other purposes. Furthermore, such third parties are required to process the personal data of which they become aware in accordance with this Policy on privacy and the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data. Business Transfers: As our business continues to develop we may sell or buy others companies or services. In general, customer data is included in these operations in the business assets that are transferred, but remain subject to the content of the previous Privacy Policy if applicable (unless, of course, the customer does not agree otherwise). If Amazon.com, Inc. or, essentially, its corporate assets were acquired by third parties, the data personal data relating to customers would naturally be among the assets transferred. Safeguarding Amazon Europe and others: We disclose account information and other personal information when we believe that such communication complies with legal obligations; to enforce or apply our General Conditions of Use and Sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, the property and safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations which provide for the prevention of fraud or the reduction of risk related to the credit. In cases other than those listed above you will be informed every time your data personal data are shared with third parties and you will have the opportunity to choose whether to allow or not such communication to third parties. Transfers outside the European Economic Area. Whenever personal data is transferred outside the Economic Area European we ensure that such data is transferred in accordance with this Policy on privacy and the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data. We rely on the adequacy decisions adopted by the European Commission or we use contracts that contain appropriate security measures developed by European Commission (you can contact our Customer Service to receive a copy). How is the security of your personal data guaranteed? We design our systems with your safety in mind and your privacy. We are committed to protecting the security of your personal data during its transmission using encryption protocols and programs. We comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard security standards (PCI DSS) when we handle your credit card information. We adopt physical, electronic and organizational security measures in connection with to the collection, storage and communication of personal data of our clients. Our security procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before revealing personal data to you. Our devices offer security features to protect them from being hacked unauthorized access and data loss. You can control those features and configure them according to your needs. Click here for more information on how to configure the security settings of your device. It is important that you take adequate measures to prevent unauthorized access to your password and your computers, devices and applications. We recommend you to use a unique password for your Amazon account that you don't use for other accounts as well online. Always make sure you are logged out when you finish using a computer shared with other users. For more information on how to log out click here . How is advertising handled? Third Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: The Amazon Services may include advertisements from third parties and links to others websites and applications.Third party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising and services. For more information on third-party advertisements on Amazon Europe, including interest-based advertising, please see ours Notice on Interest-Based Advertising. To review your advertising preferences, please visit Use of third-party advertising services: We provide information to third-party advertising companies so that they can show you on Amazon advertising more useful and relevant and to measure the effectiveness of the ads. In doing so, we never share your name or any other information that they can directly identify you. Otherwise, we use an advertising identification tool such as cookies or device identifiers, or a derivative code from applying irreversible encryption to other information such as address e-mail. For example, if you've already downloaded one of our apps, we'll share yours advertising identification tool and the data relating to that event so that you will not be shown advertisements to invite you to download the same again app. Some advertising companies also use this information to show you relevant advertisements from other advertisers. You can get more information Learn how to opt out of interest-based advertising on the About page What personal data can you access? What options do you have available? If you have any questions or objections about how we collect and process your personal data, please contact our Customer Service. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that allow you to choose how your data may be used. As noted above, you may choose not to provide some data, but if you do, you may not being able to use many of the Amazon Services. You can add or update some data such as those indicated in the section "What data can I access?". When you update the data, we generally keep a copy of the previous version for our archives. If you do not want to receive emails or other communications from us, you can review your Communication Preferences. If you don't want to receive notifications from our application please review your notification settings on the app or on your device. If you don't want to see interest-based advertising, please do so to review yours The Help menu on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, such as make your browser inform you when you receive a new cookie and how to deactivate cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some Amazon Services essentials, we recommend that you leave them turned on. If, for example, you block or refuse our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, complete your order or use Amazon Services that require your authentication. For more information on cookies, see our Cookie Policy. You can give or withdraw your consent relating to third party advertising cookies by accessing the page If you want to browse our websites without affecting your browsing activity is associated with your account, you can do this by logging out of your account and disabling cookies on your browser.You can manage the suggestions that are provided to you in our shop by accessing the Improve our suggestions for you page, remove the suggestions you don't want to view by accessing the Recommended for you page (select the template of products you haven't purchased, select the "View all and Manage" and the "Remove items" option), you can also edit your history navigation by accessing the page When you allow us to process your personal data for a specific purpose, you will be able to withdraw your consent at any time. In such event, we will cease any further processing of your data for this specific purpose. You can also deactivate other specific types of treatment by updating the settings on the relevant Amazon site (for example, by accessing the "My content and devices"), the device or the application. For more information, see the Privacy Settings FAQ for Fire TV, Fire devices Tablets and Kindle E-readers. Most non-Amazon devices also offer users users the ability to change device permissions (for example, disable/enable location services or contacts). In most devices, these commands are found in the device settings menu. If you have any questions on how to change device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend that you contact your mobile operator or the device manufacturer, as different devices may have settings of different authorizations. If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central, update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information, and change your email or other communications you receive from us by updating yours If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided to us in Author Portal and in Author Central by logging into your account in Author respectively Portal and in Author Central. Can minors use the Amazon Services? Amazon Europe does not sell products to minors. We sell products for children who can be purchased by adults only. If you are under 18, you can use the Amazon Services only by involving a parent or guardian. For more information about how we process personal data from Amazon Services intended for minor children under 13, see our Children's Privacy Policy. How long do we keep your personal data? We keep your personal data to enable you to use on an ongoing basis the Amazon Services for as long as necessary to pursue the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as required by law for example a tax and accounting purposes or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we keep your transaction history so you can review your purchases (and repeat orders if you wish) and which addresses you asked for them to come to shipped orders, as well as to improve the appropriateness of products and content which we recommend. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. and Switzerland - U.S. Amazon.com, Inc. and certain of its listed US affiliates (collectively, Amazon Group companies, or "We") adhere to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, to the UK Extension of the European Union - United States Framework, and to the Switzerland Framework - United States* with respect to the collection, use and retention of information personal data from member states of the European Union and the European Economic Area, of the United Kingdom and Switzerland. We have certificate to the Department of Commerce US that we adhere to the Data Privacy Framework.For more information on Principles of the Data Privacy Framework, If you have questions or complaints about how we treat yours personal data under the Data Privacy Framework, or with respect to our policies on privacy in general, please contact us at the e-mail address eu-privacy@amazon.it. We will promptly answer your question. In case you have an unresolved issue regarding privacy or data processing that we have not been able to to clarify satisfactorily, welcome to contact our free of charge US-based alternative dispute resolution entity via the following site: https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/ . In the event that neither Amazon nor the aforementioned body are able to resolve your claim, you may request binding arbitration with the Arbitration Panel of the Data Privacy Framework. For more information on the Arbitration Board of the Data Privacy Framework, As described here, we sometimes provide personal information to third parties in order to perform services for Amazon account. If we disclose personal information received pursuant to third parties of the Data Privacy Framework, access by third parties as well as use and disclosure of personal information must take place in compliance with the obligations imposed by Data Privacy Framework and we will be liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any breach of these obligations by a third party, except in the case where we try not to be responsible for the event that caused the damage. You can view our Data Privacy Framework registration here. The companies of the Amazon Group are subject to the investigative and supervisory authority by the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC). There could be required to disclose personal information that we process under the Data Privacy Framework as a response to legitimate requests received from public authorities, including to meet national security needs or law enforcement requests. * We will not rely on the Data Privacy Framework Switzerland - U.S. or on the Extension UK of the Data Privacy Framework EU - U.S. until they go into effect. We join in any case to their commitments in anticipation of their effective entry into force. European Union General Data Protection Regulation - Legal basis The European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires that our processing of personal data is based on a legal basis. The basics legal entities we use depend on the specific purpose for which we process personal data. We use the following legal bases for data processing personal: Performance of a contract when we provide you with products or services, or communicate with you about them. This legal basis includes where we use your personal data to receive and manage orders, provide products and services and process payments. Legitimate business interest and protect our customers' interests when we improve Amazon's services (for example, when we use your commands voices, video frames and images from the camera system to improve the services), when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the safety of our customers, ours or third parties and when we serve you advertising based on interests. Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal data for specifications purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to the processing of your personal data from us for a specific purpose, you can withdraw your consent at any time moment and, in this case, we will stop processing your data for this purpose. Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal data to comply with a legal obligation. For example, we collect location and account information from third-party sellers bank account for identification purposes. These and other legal bases depending on the purpose for which we use your personal data.Contact, Policies and Reviews If you have any questions about how Amazon Europe uses and processes personal data or you would like get in touch with one of our data controllers, contact us by sending us a brief description of the matter you intend to submit to us and we will possible to help you. Furthermore, the Data Protection Officer for the aforementioned data controllers can be contacted at the e-mail address eu-privacy@amazon.it. You can file a report with our lead supervisory authority, the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg or with the supervisory authority of the place where you reside. As our businesses change constantly, so does our Privacy Policy privacy is subject to change. We recommend that you check our site frequently website to check for any changes. Our current Privacy Policy applies to all data we hold about you and your account, unless stated otherwise. Since we keep our promises we will never change substantially, without the consent of the affected customers, our policies and procedures making it less protective than the data we have collected about our customers. Other practices and related information Examples of data we collect Data you provide us when you use the Amazon Services You provide us with your data when you: search for products or services in our stores; add or remove an item from your shopping cart, place an order through or use the Amazon Services; download, stream, view or use content on a device or through a service or application on a device; provide data in the My Account section. The issue of the electronic invoice relating to an order will be communicated to you in (and you may have multiple accounts if you have used more than one address email or more than a telephone number when you have made a purchase with us) or in the section do you speak or otherwise interact with our Alexa voice service; add your contacts; configure your settings, provide permissions to access data or interact with your device or with another Amazon Service; provide information about your seller account, your Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP) account, your developer account, or any other account we place at your arrangement to develop or offer software programs, goods or services to customers Amazon; offer your products or services on or through the Amazon Services; communicate with us by telephone, email or otherwise; fill out a questionnaire, a request for help or a participation form for one sweepstakes; upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photo, Amazon Drive or on other Amazon Services; compile a Playlist, a Video List, a Wish List or gift lists; participate in community features, post and rate Customer Reviews; indicate an alert for special occasions; or use product availability alerts such as availability notifications for the delivery. By acting as above, you could provide us with the following data: your name; your address Is this your phone number; payment information; your age; the information relating to your location; your IP address; names, addresses and the telephone numbers listed in the Your addresses section; email addresses of your friends and other people; the contents of reviews and emails sent to we; the personal description and photograph contained in the My Profile section; voice recordings when you talk to Alexa; collected images and videos or stored in connection with the Amazon Services; related information and documents to your identity and status; corporate and financial information; information relating to your creditworthiness; the VAT number; and device configuration and log files, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically sync them with your other Amazon devices possessed.Information We Collect Automatically We collect and analyze information such as: the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer; login, e-mail address and passwords; the location of your device or computer; information about your interaction with content, such as downloads of content, streaming and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for stream and quality of the download, including information about the Internet service provider; device metrics, such as when a device is in use, usage of applications, connectivity data and any errors or failures; Amazon Service metrics (for example, the occurrence of technical errors, the your interactions with the features and content of the service, your preferences settings and backup information, the location of the device it runs an application, information about images and uploaded files (for example, name of the file, dates, times and folder where the images are saved); your device model and time zone settings; the history of purchases and use of content, data that we sometimes combine with similar information collected from other customers for the purpose of creating features such as "Bestsellers"; the complete URL (Uniform Resource Locators) path (including date and time); the number of cookies; the products and/or content you viewed or searched for; the page load times, download errors, browsing duration on certain pages and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and cursor movements on pages); the telephone numbers used to call our customer service number; the images and videos when you shop in our stores using the Services Amazon. We may also use device identifiers, cookies and other technologies on devices, applications and on our web pages to collect information on navigation, use or other technical information for prevention purposes of fraud. Data we collect from other sources We may receive data from other sources such as, for example: updated delivery and address information from our couriers or from other third parties, which we use to update our records and to deliver to you future orders or make future communications easier; account data, information on purchased or redeemed codes, on pages visited relating to your interactions with companies with whom we deal certain offers in co-branding or to which we provide technical, logistics, advertising or other services; information relating to your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries; search results and links, including paid ads; information about Internet-connected devices and the services you have connected to to Alexa; and creditworthiness data from credit bureaus we use to prevent and detect fraud and offer credit or financial services to some clients.Data You Can Access Through the Amazon Services, you may access certain data such as: the status of your recent orders (including service subscriptions); complete order history; personally identifiable information (which includes your name, email, password, communication preferences and personalized advertising preferences, address book and 1-Click settings); your payment settings (which include credit card information and promotional codes, gift certificates and account balance); email notification settings (which include alerts on the availability of products, deliveries, notices for special occasions and newsletters); the recommendations and recently viewed products which are the basis for the recommendations (including Recommended for you and Improve suggestions for you); shopping lists and gift lists (including the Wish List as well as lists wedding and birth lists); your content, devices, services and related settings and communications and interest-based ads; the content you have recently viewed; voice recordings associated with your account; your profile (including your product reviews, recommendations, notices and personal profile); if you are a third-party seller, you can access your account and other information e review your communication preferences, by updating your account if you are an author, you can access your account and other information, update your account on Author Central websites, whichever is applicable; If you are a developer participating in the Developer Services Program, you can access your account and other information and review your preferences of communication by updating your account on the portal Was this information helpful? Yes No We thank you for the comment. Select the option that best describes the information: This information is unclear or incorrect That's not the information I was looking for I am not satisfied with your arrangements Submit Thank you. While we are unable to respond directly to your feedback, we will use this information to improve our online help section. Legal Policies Amazon.com Privacy Policy Quick fixes Your orders Track and return orders Returns and Refunds Return or exchange items Courier information Information on the courier in charge of the shipment Manage Prime Cancel or view benefits Payment settings Add or edit payment methods Account settings Change your email or password Come back upstairs Find, Attract & Engage Customers Stream Millions of Songs Books, Art & Collectables Download Audiobooks Scalable Cloud Services Our Used & Mint Products Books with Free Shipping Worldwide Publish Your Books Electronically Designers, Brands, Fashion and Style Business Customer Service © 1996-2023 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates