5. Privacy Policy 5.1 This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing, and protection of your personal information. It applies to the Site and all related sites, applications, services and tools where this policy is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including mobile devices. You agree that we may use your personal information to: provide you access to our sites and the services you request; customize, measure and improve our services, content and advertising; contact you, either via email or telephone, to resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites, services, applications or tools, or for other purposes authorized by law. compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties; provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information 5.2 To provide better experience and quality of service, the Site may cooperate with a third party for service provision. Under such condition, if the third party involved agrees to share the equivalent responsibility with us in user privacy protection, and if you agree with this cooperation, the Site may share user information with that third party. 5.3 Without disclosing your personal information, the Site reserves the right to analyze user database for commercial use. 6. Intellectual Property 6.1 The Website contains copyright material, trade names and marks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos and graphics, and may in the future, include video, graphics, music and sound (“Content”). The Content is protected by copyright law, registered and unregistered trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights. 6.2 You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, in whole or in part except as provided in this Agreement. 6.3 You may download information from the Site for authorized use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without our express permission or that of the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyright material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyright material. 7. Disclaimer of Warranty 7.1 Use of this Site is at your sole risk. All materials, information, products, software, programs, and services are provided "as is," with no warranties or guarantees whatsoever. We expressly disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied, statutory, and other warranties, guarantees, or representations, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary and intellectual property rights. Without limitation, we make no warranty or guarantee that this Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free. 7.2 You understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials, information, products, software, programs, or services, you do so at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages that may result, including loss of data or damage to your computer system. 8. Limitation of Liability 8.1 Liability of the Site is limited by the fee of service paid by you. 8.2 We will not be liable for any special, consequential, indirect, incidental, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages, whether in tort, contract, or any other legal theory, arising out of or in any way connected with this agreement or your use of or attempt to use the Service, including (but not limited to) damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, or data. This limitation on liability shall not be affected even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. 8.3 You agree to release us, our affiliates, and third-party service providers, and each associated director, employee, agents, and officers, from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential), of every kind and nature, known and unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected to your use of the Service. 9.Interruption or Termination 9.1 You understand and agree that when one of the following conditions causes interruption and termination of the Service, the Site is not liable to you or any third party: （1） periodical maintenance or check of service platform, software update and etc.; （2） server is damaged; （3） sudden software/hardware failure, device communication failure and etc.; （4） failure caused by Internet service provider; （5） emergency situation such as to protect national security, user security or third party; （6） force majeure. 9.2 If the information you provided is incorrect or inaccurate, or you did not pay for the Service according to this Agreement, or your usage is against rule in this Agreement, we may (but not limited to) limit use, freeze account, terminate service, take legal action without advance notice to you. You agree to compensate for loss caused in this case to us or any third party. 10. Others 10.1 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. 10.2 Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such section. 10.3 The interpretation of this Agreement, the effectiveness and dispute resolution, shall apply to the laws of the United States of America. In case of any dispute or controversy between you and the Site, firstly both parties shall settle through friendly consultation. If consultation fails, you will fully agree in this dispute or controversy to be submitted to the court which has jurisdiction over location of the Site for resolution. 10.4 We reserve the rights of this User Agreement.