Privacy Policy Handling of Shareholders' Personal Information How we handle the information collected on this website Opens in a new window.In the case of an external site,it may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Basic Policy For your safe and trusted use of ANA HOLDINGS (hereinafter 'the Company'), we fully instruct our executives and employees about laws and company regulations related to personal information, and have established our company's structure, to include measures for safety and exert maximum effort toward appropriate management and use of each customer's personal information. Chapter 1. ANA's Handling of Personal Information of All Customers Handling of Personal Information 1.Purpose of collecting personal information 2.Collecting personal information 3.Disclosure to third parties 4.Data sharing 5.Business entrustment 6.Transfer to outside of Japan 7.Managing personal information 8.About disclosure, correction, deletion, addition, discontinuation of use, erasure, and provision of information on personal information protection measures 9.Inquiries and submission of requests for disclosure, etc. 10.Application and modification of the Privacy Policy The Privacy Policy will apply to all customers using services and products of ANA HOLDINGS. About the Handling of Shareholders' Personal Information,click here. 1.Purpose of collecting personal information Personal information obtained from customers will be used for the following purposes. And we will not use the personal information of customers in any way that may promote or induce illegal or unjust acts, even within the scope of the following purposes of use. Acceptance of applications, provision and contact regarding services/products, etc. offered by the CompanyNotices, operation and management of various events and campaigns, provision of a variety of information, distribution of questionnaires to customersDevelopment of new services/products, etc.Notices, operation and management regarding services/products, various events and campaigns handled by ANA Group companies/business partners, etc., provision of a variety of information, distribution of questionnaires to customers, development of new services/products, etc. Business management/internal management by the ANA GroupResponses to inquiries and requests, etc.In addition to the above-mentioned purposes, personal information will be utilized for the purposes described in "4. Data sharing." 2.Collecting personal information The Company will obtain the following customers' personal information by fair and appropriate means in order to achieve the previously mentioned purposes. Name, date of birth, telephone number, email address, place of employment, gender, details of transaction, etc. 3.Disclosure to third parties ANA HOLDINGS will not disclose or provide personal customer information including "sensitive information" to any third parties except under the following circumstances. "Sensitive information" is such as race, beliefs, social standing, history of illness, crime records, and history of having been afflicted by crime. Note that provision of information to data sharing partners and business entrusted companies are not deemed to constitute disclosure or provision to third parties. Customer consent has been obtained.Disclosure or provision is required within the scope allowed by laws or regulations.Disclosure is required to protect human life, health, or property in cases where obtaining customer consent is difficult.Disclosure is required to cooperate with the public affairs of national or local governments, and when obtaining customer consent is likely to hinder the administration of public affairs.Disclosure or provision of information as statistical data (in a format that does not disclose the customer's identity). Provision of information as a result of the succession of business due to a merger, company split, transfer of business or otherwise.Provision of information in accordance to procedures based on laws and regulations, under the condition that the following information can be easily checked by the customers themselves through the ANA HOLDINGS website, etc., and that the customers have not declared their wish to refuse provision of their information. The purpose of obtaining information is to provide such information to a third party Specific personal data items to be provided to a third partyThe means by which such personal information is provided to a third partyProvisions of information will be suspended upon the customers' requestMethods for accepting requests from customers 4.Data sharing ANA HOLDINGS shall share personal customer information as follows.For provision of air transportation services, travel services including tours and hotels, and other products/services handled by the Company or companies that share dataFor sending of direct mail and information on products/services, and distribution of questionnaires to customers, etc. by the Company or companies that share dataFor sales analysis, other research/studies, and development of new products/services, etc. by the Company or companies that share dataFor delivery and transfer of data to each company in charge, when we receive inquiries, application for use or other offers from customers regarding products/services provided by the Company or companies that share data For appropriate and smooth fulfillment of other transactions with customers by the Company or companies that share dataFor business management/internal management by the ANA Group 5.Business entrustment From time to time, ANA HOLDINGS may entrust its business operations to third parties to which personal information may also be disclosed to the extent required. In these cases, we will implement all appropriate measures with such third parties to safeguard the confidentiality of customer data, including establishing agreements on the handling of such personal information. 6.Transfer to outside of Japan If ANA HOLDINGS will provide customers' personal information to third parties such as business operators outside of Japan, including companies to whom we have entrusted business and our data sharing partners, we will do so with the consent of the customer except in the following cases: (1) The third party is in a country stipulated by law as a country that has a personal information protection system that is of an equivalent level to Japan; or(2) The third party has established the necessary system to continuously take measures equivalent to the measures that should be taken by Japanese business operators handling personal information. In the case of (2), we will take necessary and appropriate measures to ensure the continuous implementation of such equivalent measures by the third party. If you would like to confirm the contents of our measures, please submit a request in accordance with "About disclosure, correction, deletion, addition, discontinuation of use, erasure, and provision of information on personal information protection measures". 7.Managing personal information We will manage our customers' information appropriately and take the security management measures necessary to prevent leaks, loss, alteration, etc. We will provide in-house training to officers and employees regarding the protection and proper handling of personal information. And will separately establish a retention period for personal information in accordance with its purpose of use, and will dispose of such information in an appropriate manner following the expiration of such retention period. If you would like to know about our security management measures in more detail, please submit a request in accordance with "About disclosure, correction, deletion, addition, discontinuation of use, erasure, and provision of information on personal information protection measures". Please refer to "ANA Group Information Security" for information about our information security measures and policy. 8.About disclosure, correction, deletion, addition, discontinuation of use, erasure, and provision of information on personal information protection measures We will respond to customer requests for: (1) the disclosure; (2) the correction, deletion, or addition; (3) the discontinuation of use or erasure; or (4) provision of information on personal information protection measures, in relation to your personal data retained by ANA Holdings, within a reasonable timeframe and scope. A customer request may be rejected partially or entirely if compliance with such request would endanger the life, health, or property of the customer or a third party; seriously impact ANA HOLDINGS's business operations; or result in a violation of laws or regulations. We will disclose the items of personal information and the purpose of use or records of provision to third partiesCorrection, deletion, or addition shall be undertaken as necessary after due review of requests.Discontinuance and erasure shall be undertaken by appropriate methods. However, we remind customers that such requests may impede the provision of services to the customer, despite our best intentions.We will provide the following information on personal information protection measures in accordance with the content of the request: 1) The contents of the security management measures taken when we are entrusted with customers' personal information; and2) The contents of measures taken when we provide customers' personal information to a third party outside of Japan (when item (2) of "Transfer to outside of Japan" is applicable). 9.Inquiries and submission of requests for disclosure, etc.Please direct requests for the disclosure, correction, deletion, addition, discontinuation of use, erasure, and provision of information on personal information protection measures relating to your personal data retained by ANA Holdings to the following contact: Contact information: Shiodome-City Center, 1-5-2,Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 105-7133ANA HOLDINGS INC., Personal Information Handling Desk 10.Application and modification of the Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy explains how ANA HOLDINGS handles personal customer information. Use of ANA HOLDINGS services and products by a customer is deemed to constitute full understanding of and consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to revision by ANA HOLDINGS at any time. In this case, the revised Privacy Policy shall be effective from the time it was notified to customers via our prescribed method or posted on the ANA Holdings website. (Revised on April 1, 2022) Chapter 2: Handling of Shareholders' Personal Information We handle the personal information of shareholders in accordance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Corporation Law of Japan and other relevant laws and regulations, as well as the Company's own personal information protection policy.In this Privacy Policy, the term "shareholders" means shareholders (including, for the purposes of this policy, beneficial shareholders) and registered pledgees of shares, or their legal representatives, who are listed or recorded in the register of shareholders as individuals.The provisions stipulated in Chapter 1 shall apply to matters not set forth in this Chapter " Handling of Shareholders' Personal Information ". 1.Purpose of Collecting Shareholders' Personal Information 2.Types of Shareholders' Personal Information to Be Acquired 3.Shared Use of Shareholders' Personal Information 4.Contact Information for Inquiries 1.Purpose of Collecting Shareholders' Personal Information The personal information of shareholders is used for the following purposes. And we will not use the personal information of shareholders in any way that may promote or induce illegal or unjust acts, even within the scope of the following purposes of use: To facilitate the exercise of rights and fulfill our obligations under the Corporation Law of JapanTo provide benefits from ANA Group companies to people holding the position of shareholdersTo take measures for shareholders to facilitate a smooth relationship between shareholders and the CompanyTo manage shareholders' information, through such means as compiling shareholder data according to prescribed standards set forth in laws and regulationsNotices, operation and management regarding services/products, various events and campaigns handled by ANA Group companies etc., provision of a variety of information, distribution of questionnaires to customers, development of new services/products, etc. Business management/internal management by the ANA Group.Responses to inquiries and requests, etc.In addition to the above-mentioned purposes, personal information will be utilized for the purposes described in "4. Shared Use of Shareholders' Personal Information." 2.Types of Shareholders' Personal Information to Be Acquired The Company will obtain the following shareholders' personal information by fair and appropriate means in order to achieve the previously mentioned purposes. Name, address, number of shares held, date of share acquisition, email address, shareholder's benefit number, etc. 3.Shared Use of Shareholders' Personal Information We may share the use of personal information we collect from shareholders according to the following conditions. For provision of air transportation services, travel services including tours and hotels, and other products/services handled by the Company or companies that share dataFor sending of direct mail and information on products/services, and distribution of questionnaire(s) to customers, etc. by the Company or companies that share dataFor sales analysis, other research/studies, and development of new products/services, etc. by the Company or companies that share dataFor delivery and transfer of data to each company in charge, when we receive inquiries, application for use or other offers from customers regarding products/services provided by the Company or companies that share data For appropriate and smooth fulfillment of other transactions with customers by the Company or companies that share dataFor business management/internal management by the ANA Group 4.Contact Information for Inquiries The following procedures are necessary based on laws or regulations, depending on the nature of the inquiry. We appreciate your understanding but we are unable to accept inquiries in person. Requests for disclosure of shareholder information concerning shareholders Contact: Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited Stock Transfer Agency Business Planning Dept.Phone: 0120-782-031 Hours: Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m. (closed weekends and holidays) Contact for inquiries on procedures for change of address, change of dividend payment method, sale or transfer of shares, etc. Shareholders with shares in an ordinary account: Contact: The securities company where you trade Shareholders with shares in a special account: Contact: Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited Stock Transfer Agency Business Planning Dept. Phone: 0120-782-031 Hours: Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m. (closed weekends and holidays) Consultation on handling other matters, shareholder benefits and calendars, etc. Contact:ANA HOLDINGS INC. Group General Administration, Shareholder Relation Phone: 03-6735-1001 Hours: Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m.- 12:00 p.m./1:00 p.m.- 5:00 p.m. (closed weekends, holidays, 12/29-1/3 and 5/1) (As of April 2022) pagetop In the case of an external site,it may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © ANA HOLDINGS INC. All rights reserved.Search ANA Do Not Share My Personal Information California residents have the right to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). We do not sell your personal information. While we do not receive financial compensation for your personal information, we may share it with third parties to personalize your experience on our site, improve our site and services, so that we can engage you with interest-based advertising on other websites. To exercise this right, please see the options detailed below. Please visit ANA's Privacy Policy for further details about our privacy practices. Fill out a request form or submit your request via telephone To opt-out of the "sharing" of your personal information, please exercise your choice below: Request form. You may submit a request to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information described above by visiting our website .Telephone request. You may submit your request to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information described above via our phone number at 1-800-235-9262 (Toll-free) or 310-782-3011 (Charged) Cookie Opt-Out Choices You may also use our cookie management tool to opt-out of the cookies that we use to "share" your personal information. Because we use cookies to personalize your experience on our site, opting out of these cookies will prevent you from using our site's personalization features. Please visit our Cookie Policy and Cookie Preferences for further details. We also respond to an opt-out preference transmitted through the Global Privacy Control and handle it as a valid request based on the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information. Please refer to Global Privacy Control and set your preference. In the case of an external website, it may or may not meet accessibility guidelines. Copyright © ANA | ANA X Necessary Statistics PersonalizationANA Privacy Policy ANA Privacy Policy (PDF format / 1.24MB) Related Websites Click here to "How ANA handles your personal information on its website"Click here to the Cookie PolicyClick here to "Public announcement based on each countries' legal statement" as of July 1, 2023 Basic Policy Built on a foundation of security and trust “the wings within ourselves” help to fulfill the hopes and dreams of an interconnected world. ANA always offers safe and hospitable service in its air transportation service, in accordance with the above Mission Statement. In ANA’s business operations, our customers’ personal information is essential for us to provide fully satisfactory services. We recognize the importance of the information received from our customers, and make efforts to take the utmost care in handling such information. For our customers to utilize ANA with a sense of safety and trust , we educate our executives and employees thoroughly about laws and company regulations relating to personal information, and have established our company’s structure to include measures for security, thereby exerting maximum eﬀort toward appropriate management and use of each customer’s personal information. Chapter 1 describes the handling of personal information as it applies to all customers. Chapter 2, Chapter 3, Chapter 4, and Chapter 5 provide region-specific information for customers who are located or reside in the European Economic Area/the United Kingdom, the People's Republic of China, the state of California of the United States, and the Kingdom of Thailand respectively. SELECT Chapter 1: All customers Chapter 2: Customers residing in the EEA or the UK Chapter 3: Customers residing in the People's Republic of China Chapter 4: Customers residing in California, USA Chapter 5: Customers residing in the Kingdom of Thailand Chapter 1. ANA’s Handling of Personal Information of All Customers 1. Introduction This Privacy Policy explains how and why the personal information of customers and other individuals obtained by ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. (“ ANA ”, “ we ”, “ our ” or “ us ”) is used. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before providing personal information to ANA or using our products or services. Chapter 1 of this Privacy Policy provides an overview of how we use your personal information. Additional policies may apply to certain ANA products or services, details of which will be provided separately or in the terms of such service, etc. 2. Scope of application The Privacy Policy will apply when customers and other individuals provide personal information to ANA or use ANA’s services and products. 3. Purpose of using personal information ANA utilizes personal information obtained from its customers for the following purposes. However, even within the intended scope, it will not use customers’ personal information in a way that may encourage or induce illegal or improper conduct. (1) Reservations, ticket sales, check-in, airport services, and in-flight services with regard to air transport services(2) Reservations, ticket sales, check-in, and airport services for interline transportation, joint acceptance of carriage, codeshare, successive carriage and consigned carriage(3) Service provisions for ANA Mileage Club members(4) Research and analysis of usage of ANA’s services/products(5) All operations incidental or related to purposes (1) through (4) above (6) Implementation of questionnaires concerning service and products, etc., offered by ANA(7) Development of new services and products(8) Notification of services and products offered by ANA(9) Operation and management relating to the events and campaigns implemented by ANA, ANA Group companies, partner companies, etc(10) Provision of information about the services, products, events and campaigns of ANA, ANA Group companies, partner companies, etc. as well as provision of various pieces of information through methods including direct mail, e-mail magazines, notices, and advertisements Customers' personal information (analytical data, etc. such as details of the usage of services and products of ANA, ANA Group company, etc., ANA website and mobile app browsing history, etc.) may be analyzed using AI, etc. to estimate customer hobbies, tastes, purchasing trends, attributes, etc., and the results used to formulate advertising distribution and marketing measures, etc. targeting the customer. (11) Response to inquiries and requestsIn addition to the above-mentioned purposes, personal information will be utilized for the purposes described in Chapter 1 Article 8 (Data sharing) below. 4. Acquisition of personal information ANA will obtain the following personal information by fair and appropriate means for the purpose of achieving the previously mentioned purposes. (1) Identity, contact and payment information, etc.The customer’s name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, employment information (company name, division/department the customer belongs to, title, address, telephone number, fax number), mailing address, passport information, physical and medical information relating to flying, dietary restrictions, payment information including details of credit/debit card and other payment methods, etc. (2) Travel information Details of travel plans and arrangements, including flights with ANA and other airlines, accommodations, and other transportation arrangements, etc. (3) Information on the customer’s ANA Mileage Club membership and information related to the usage of eligible services The customer’s ANA Mileage Club membership number, type of membership card, membership status, membership area, mileage status, credit card number and expiration date, usage history of credit card and related information, need for wheelchair or other special arrangement, ﬂight reservation and cancellation information, usage history of flights and other services, etc. (4) Details of enquiries and complaints to ANA Details of enquiries, requests and complaints contained in correspondence with customers, (including their cause and resolution), etc. We may monitor, record, store and use any telephone, email or other communication with you in order to check any instructions given to us, for training purposes, for crime prevention and to improve the quality of our customer service. (5) IT and system data including information on the usage of the ANA website and mobile application Information such as that on how customers use the ANA website and mobile application, including details on cookies, advertising identifiers (IDFA/GAID), location information, unique device identifiers, details on OS and browser type, etc., and website activity logs (For details on the purpose of use of cookies and other related matters, please refer to “3. Purpose of use of cookies” in the ANA Cookie Policy, etc. ) ANA will never obtain and use information of a sensitive nature to the customer (hereinafter, “sensitive information”), such as information on race, beliefs, social standing, history of illness, crime records, and history of having been aﬄicted by crime, unless required by laws and regulations or by the consent of the customer. 5. Acquisition of personal-related information ANA may receive personal-related information about customers from third parties or ANA Group companies. (Example) Obtaining advertising identifiers from third parties or ANA Group companies for advertising distribution If we will link such personal-related information to customer personal information held by ANA or an ANA Group company and use it as personal information, then we will obtain the consent of the customer in advance and handle the information appropriately in accordance with the purpose of use specified in "3. Purpose of using personal information" unless we have specified another purpose. 6. Choice by the customer As a rule, ANA obtains personal information by the volition of the customer. Customers may experience disadvantages if they refuse to provide their personal information, such as being unable to make use of the various services provided by ANA, or being unable to receive campaign notices and other ANA information because a part of the functions of ANA’s system become inoperable and thereby unavailable. Please note that customers may change their contact information as well as their decision on whether or not they wish to receive email magazines at any time they wish, in a manner designated separately by ANA. 7. Disclosure and provision of information to a third party ANA will not disclose or provide personal customer information to any third parties except under the following circumstances. Also, customers’ personal information including sensitive information will not be disclosed or provided to third parties under any circumstances, unless allowed by laws and regulations or by consent of the customer. Note that provision of information to data sharing partners and business entrusted companies are not deemed to constitute disclosure or provision to third parties. (1) Customer consent has been obtained.(2) Disclosure or provision is required within the scope allowed by laws or regulations.(3) Disclosure is required to protect human life, health, or property in cases where obtaining customer consent is difficult.(4) Disclosure is required to cooperate with the public affairs of national or local governments, and when obtaining customer consent is likely to hinder the administration of public affairs.(5) Disclosure or provision of information as statistical data (in a format that does not disclose the customer’s identity).(6) Provision of information as a result of the succession of business due to a merger, company split, transfer of business or otherwise.(7) Provision of information in accordance to procedures based on laws and regulations, under the condition that the following information can be easily checked by the customers themselves through the ANA website, etc., and that the customers have not declared their wish to refuse provision of their information.The purpose of obtaining information is to provide such information to a third party Specific personal data items to be provided to a third partyThe means by which such personal information is provided to a third partyProvisions of information will be suspended upon the customers’ requestMethods for accepting requests from customers 8. Data sharing ANA may share customer information as follows. (1) For provision of air transportation services, travel services including tours and hotels, and other products/services handled by ANA or companies that share data(2) For sending of direct mail and information on products/services, and distribution of questionnaire(s) to customers, etc. by the Company or companies that share data(3) For sales analysis, other research/studies, and development of new products/services, etc. by ANA or companies that share data(4) For delivery and transfer of data when we receive inquiries, application for use or other oﬀers from customers regarding products/services provided by ANA or companies that share data (5) For appropriate and smooth fulﬁllment of other transactions with customers by ANA or companies that share data(6) For business management/internal management by the ANA Group The customer’s ANA Mileage Club membership number, the customer’s name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, employment information (company name, division/department the customer belongs to, title, address, telephone number, fax number), mailing address, passport information, physical and medical information relating to flying, dietary restrictions, payment information including details of credit/debit card and other payment methods, details of travel plans and arrangements, including flights with ANA and other airlines, accommodations, and other transportation arrangements, type of membership card, membership status, membership area, mileage status, credit card number and expiration date, usage history of credit card and related information, need for wheelchair or other special arrangement, ﬂight reservation and cancellation information, usage history of flights and other services, details of enquiries, requests and complaints contained in correspondence with customers, information on the use of ANA website and mobile application, including cookie and action log on the website, etc. ANA Holdings Inc. Shiodome City Center, 1-5-2, Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 105-7140 Koji Shibata, President & Chief Executive Officer 9. Business entrustment In providing products and services to customers, ANA may entrust a part of its business operations to third parties to which personal information may also be disclosed to the extent required to achieve the purpose of the entrustment. In these cases, ANA will implement appropriate measures in managing and supervising such third parties to safeguard the handling of customers’ personal information, including establishing agreements on the handling of such personal information. 10. Transfer to outside of Japan Depending on customers’ flight destinations, ANA may transfer their personal information (name, passport number, and travel details, etc.) to outside of Japan. The countries served by ANA can be found on ANA’s website. The countries or regions to which customers’ personal information is transferred may not have a system for personal information protection equivalent to Japan’s. If ANA provides customers’ personal information to third party business operators outside of Japan, including entrusted companies and data sharing partners, ANA will do so based on customer consent, except in either of the following cases: (1) when the third party is located in a country specified by laws and regulations as one that has a personal information protection system equivalent to Japan’s; or(2) when the third party has a system in place where it can continuously take measures corresponding to those that business operators handling personal information in Japan should take. In the case of (2) above, ANA will take necessary and appropriate measures to ensure that the third party takes the corresponding measures on an ongoing basis. If you wish to know the details of ANA’s measures, please make a request in accordance with “12. Request about handling of Personal Information”. 11.Management of personal information In receiving customers’ personal information, ANA will manage such information according to the strictest standards and take necessary safety management measures to prevent leaks, loss, or alterations. ANA ensures that the board members and employees are properly trained regarding appropriate handling to safeguard the security of information identifying individual customers. An appropriate retention period for personal information will be established in accordance with the purpose for which such information is used. After the purpose of the information has been achieved, ANA will dispose of the information in question by appropriate methods. If you wish to know the details of the safety management measures, please make a request in accordance with “12. Request about handling of Personal Information”. For ANA’s action policy for information security, please refer to “ANA Group Information Security” . 12. Request about handling of Personal Information If ANA receives a request from a customer, submitted in the manner speciﬁed, for the disclosure, correction, deletion, addition, discontinuance of use, erasure, or information provision concerning the personal information protection measures referred to in “10. Transfer to outside of Japan” and “11. Management of personal information” (“disclosure, etc.”) with regard to the customer’s personal information stored in a database held by ANA, the request will be handled according to the laws and regulations as follows, within a reasonable timeframe and scope, after conﬁrming that the request was submitted by the customer themselves. (1) Request for disclosure Personal information items, purpose of use, or records on the provision of personal data to third parties will be disclosed in accordance with the customers’ request. (2) Request for correction, deletion, or addition Correction, deletion, or addition of personal information will be undertaken wherever possible after due review of the request. (3) Request for discontinuance or erasure The use of personal information items designated by the customer will be discontinued, and the relevant information erased if so desired, in accordance with the submitted request. However, please note that such requests may prevent customers from being provided with services that they had utilized, or may impede the provision of services in accordance to their wishes. (4) Request for information provision concerning personal information protection measures The following information will be provided in accordance with the customer’s request. Details of the safety management measures taken by ANA in receiving customers’ personal informationDetails of the measures taken by ANA when providing customers’ personal information to third parties outside of Japan (in the case of “ 10. Transfer to outside of Japan ” (2)) ANA may not be able to fulﬁll the customers’ requests if compliance with such requests would seriously impact ANA’s business operations, result in a violation of laws and regulations, or disrupt the safety management of personal information. 13. Submission of request for disclosure, etc. The method for submitting requests for disclosure, etc or notiﬁcation of purpose of use of personal information (“requests for disclosure, etc.”) received by ANA from customers, and contact information are as follows. Request for disclosure, etc. (1) Method for submitting request If you wish to receive response to your disclosure request by mail Please send the required documents by postal mail to the address below. Address: Personal Information Handling Desk, ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD 1-331-90 Kaminoshima-cho, Nagasaki-shi, Nagasaki, 850-0078 Japan If you wish to receive response to your disclosure request by electronic file format Please send the required documents via webform listed on ANA’s website. ANA’s website (2) Required documents Application form (choose one of the following in accordance with your request) Customer requests for disclosure, etc., may not be acknowledged if any of the required information is missing. Documents required for conﬁrmation of identiﬁcation of individual, etc.(For individuals) (1) Copies of two from the following: driver’s license, passport, health insurance certiﬁcate(masking insurance card numbers and identification symbols / numbers of insured individuals), basic resident registration card with photo, pension insurance booklet, physical disability certiﬁcate, resident card or special permanent resident certiﬁcate, certiﬁcate of seal registration, Individual Number Card (front page only) (For representatives) In addition to “ (For individuals) ,” the following documents described in (1) and (2) are required. (1) Power of Attorney (legal representatives must provide a certifying document)(2) Documents to identify the representative (copies of two from the following: driver’s license, passport, health insurance certiﬁcate(masking insurance card numbers and identification symbols / numbers of insured individuals), basic resident registration card with photo, pension insurance booklet, physical disability certiﬁcate, resident card or special permanent certiﬁcate, certiﬁcate of seal registration, Individual Number Card (front page only)) (3) Fee A fee will be charged depending on type of request. For disclosure of multiple reservations and boarding information, each ﬂight will be counted as one item of disclosure. Please note that handling procedures may diﬀer depending on the laws and regulations of the relevant country Please note that ANA reservation conﬁrmations, boarding conﬁrmations and a updating ANA Mileage Club member information, etc. are handled on the ANA website (www.ana.co.jp/) or at the ANA telephone contact center . Requests will only be complied if customer identiﬁcation can be conﬁrmed. 14. Disabling cookies and advertising identifiers (1) Disabling cookies Please refer to "5. Disabling Cookies" in the ANA Cookie Policy .(2) Disabling advertising identifiers ANA acquires and uses advertising identifiers (“Identification For Advertisers (IDFA)” for Apple’s iOS, “Google Advertising ID (GAID)” for Google’s Android OS, etc.) Customers who wish to block advertisements using these advertiser identifiers are kindly requested to go to iOS (external website) or Android (external website) and configure the necessary settings on their device. iOS (external website) Android (external website) 15. Modiﬁcation of the Privacy Policy ANA may make modiﬁcations to this Privacy Policy. If modiﬁcations are made, details will be posted on the ANA website (www.ana.co.jp/) . Chapter 2. Handling of personal information of EEA and UK residents by ANA 1. Introduction This Chapter 2 provides additional information about the handling of personal information of customers and other individuals in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”) and/or the United Kingdom (“ UK ”) in accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“ GDPR ”) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (“ DPA 2018 ”) and other national and international data protection and privacy laws (together, “ Data Protection Laws ”). Please note that the UK’s laws are similar to those in the EEA, and customers from both jurisdictions have very similar rights. Accordingly, references to the GDPR in this Chapter should also be read as references to corresponding UK law. A guardian’s consent or permission must be obtained in the event that a customer under the age of 16 uses ANA’s service and consents to this Privacy Policy. The data subject’s consent to this Privacy Policy must be obtained in the event that a person such as family member applies for ANA’s service on behalf of the data subject. In the event that any provisions of this Chapter 2 contradict those of Chapter 1, the provisions of this Chapter 2 shall prevail. 2. The controller of personal information The controller of your personal information is ANA. ANA protects personal information which is collected and used by controllers (who make decisions about how and why your personal information is used) and processors (who act on the controller’s written instructions) on the basis of Data Protection Laws. 3. Our lawful basis for processing personal information ANA protects your personal information by ensuring that it can only be used to the extent necessary for specific purposes (as set out in Part 3 of Chapter 1 of this Privacy Policy) and by requiring that there is a lawful basis for each processing activity on the basis of Data Protection Laws.ANA may process customer personal data on one or more of the following lawful bases: (1) When your consent is obtained to the processing (Article 6(1)(a) GDPR) Consent will usually only be relied upon for promotional and marketing related processing, or in some cases, in relation to sensitive personal data.(2) When processing is necessary in order to perform or take steps to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) GDPR). This is typically why we process customer information which is essential to providing our services, including a customer’s identity, contact, payment and travel details, etc. (3) ANA needs to process the information to comply with a lawful obligation (Article 6(1)(c)). This includes the requirement to share personal information with customs and immigration authorities or law enforcement, as well ANA’s legal duties towards its staff and customers.(4) The information is required to protect your, or a third party’s, vital interests (Article 6(1)(d)), for example in the event of a medical emergency.(5) It is in ANA’s or a third party’s legitimate interests to process the personal data, and these interests are not overridden by your rights under Data Protection Laws (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR). This includes the use of personal information necessary to operate ANA’s business and also to maintain, develop and improve its products and services and provide the best possible customer experience. 4. Request about processing of personal information (1) Data Protection Laws provide you with the following legal rights: Request for disclosure: You can request copies of your personal information and details of how we process it.Request for correction or updating: Corrections or updates to personal information will be undertaken wherever possible after due review of the request.Request for erasure: You may request that we delete all or part of the personal information we hold about you. We will consider your request and, where the information is no longer required or the law does not permit us to continue to retain it, we will delete it. Transferring your personal information: You can request a copy of your personal information in a structured, common, machine-readable format. This only applies to personal information which we obtain from you and process on the basis of your consent or in order to perform a contract, and which is processed by automated means.Objecting to processing: You can object to processing which is carried out on the basis of our or a third party’s legitimate interests or for the purpose of direct marketing. We will stop processing your information unless we have a strong reason to continue which overrides your objection. If your objection is to direct marketing, we will always stop. Restricting how your personal information is processed. You can limit how we process your personal information in certain circumstances. Where this applies, any processing of your personal information (other than storing it) will only be lawful with your consent or where required for legal claims, protecting certain rights or important public interest reasons.The right to withdraw consent. If we are relying on consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Please note, the rights set out above are not absolute and do not apply in every situation. There are also legal exemptions which apply in some situations and mean a request may be refused. Of course, if a request is refused we will inform you of the reasons for this when we respond. Records of requests made to us will be retained so that we can ensure we have complied with our legal obligations. (2) Method for submitting request You can exercise your rights free of charge (except in the case of unreasonable, excessive or repeated requests in which case we may charge a fee or refuse the request). The method for submitting a request and contact information are as follows. (Website) Please send the required documents via webform listed on ANA’s website. ANA’s website (Required documents) (3) Responding to a request We will respond without delay and usually within one month. We may, in some cases, ask for identification or (if you are making the request on behalf of a third party) proof of your authority to submit a request. If your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, it may take longer to provide a detailed response. Please also bear in mind that there are exceptions to the rights above and some situations where they do not apply. If you are not satisfied with our response to a data protection request or if you think your personal information has been mishandled, then you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority. Please see Part 9 of this Chapter 2 (“Lodging a complaint with an authority”) for further details. 5.Data sharing which is necessary to provide products or services ANA’s products and services are provided with the assistance of other companies and organizations and often ANA will need to share personal information with third parties in order to run its business. These third parties include: (1) Other companies in the ANA Group(2) Organizations with which ANA is legally required to share personal information including: government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc.(3) Service providers including: subcontractor handling ANA flights, airports and airlines who we partner with, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, etc. Where ANA instructs companies, contractors or service providers to process data on its behalf, then it will ensure that it does so pursuant to a contract which meets the requirements of applicable Data Protection Laws. 6. Marketing communications ANA sends out marketing communications from time to time to notify interested persons of news and provide details of products and services which may be of interest to them. ANA will only do this if the recipient has consented to receive marketing or if they are an existing customer who purchased products or services from ANA and were given the opportunity to opt-out from marketing at the time but chose not to do so. 7. Where your personal information is stored and transferred ANA is located in Japan and many of the service providers and other organizations with whom we share your personal information will be located in jurisdictions outside the EEA and UK. It should be noted that Japan has been recognized by the European Commission as providing adequate protection for personal information. When transferring personal information to third parties ANA will ensure that it complies with the requirements of Data Protection Laws, including the onward transfer requirements of the EU-Japan adequacy decision and related Japanese laws. However, you should be aware that recipients outside the EEA and UK may be subject to national laws which do not necessarily provide equivalent protection for your personal data. If you would like more information regarding where your personal information is stored and transferred please contact ANA using the details set out in Part 13 of this Chapter 1 (“Submission of request for disclosure, etc.”). 8. Retention of personal information ANA retains customers’ personal information until the purpose of use is achieved. Particularly, ANA has set the retention period for personal information as follows. For most other personal information, the appropriate retention period will be determined based on the nature of the information and the purpose for having it by reference to legal and accounting requirements and our business needs. (1) Personal information of ANA Mileage Club membership Until withdrawal of the ANA Mileage Club membership(2) Personal information of passengers Until completion of transportation and related services stipulated in Conditions of Carriage for Domestic Flights and Conditions of Carriage for International Flights(3) Other personal information Required period for the purpose which customers have consented 9. Lodging a complaint with an authority Customers have the right to lodge a complaint on the processing of their personal information with the data protection authority having jurisdiction over their residence. (1) EEA residents : Please contact your national supervisory authority, details of which can be found on the European Data Protection Board’s website (https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en) .(2) UK residents : Please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk) . 10. The contact information of the controller and ANA’s Data Protection Officer. Controller: ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. Address: Shiodome City Center, 1-5-2 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Data Protection Oﬃcer email: anag_infosec@ana.co.jp Please note that this e-mail address is for privacy related matters only. For requests about processing of personal information (disclosure, erasure, correction, etc.), please refer to "4. Request about processing of personal information"(2) Method for submitting request .For inquiries regarding reservations, tickets, baggage, ANA Mileage Club, services, etc., please access Contact Information in Each Region and ANA Branch Office . Please choose your city and language. Chapter 3. Handling of personal information of China residents by ANA Besides Chapter 1, Chapter 3 also applies to the handling of personal information of persons residing in the People's Republic of China (hereinafter, "China") based on China's Personal Information Protection Law and related regulations (hereinafter, “PIPL etc.”).In the event that any provisions of this chapter contradict those of chapter 1, the provisions of this chapter shall prevail. 1. Introduction A guardian's consent or permission must be obtained in the event that a customer under the age of 18 uses ANA's service and consents to this Privacy Policy. In the event that a person such as a family member applies for ANA's service on behalf of the data subject, the consent of the data subject (when he/she is under the age of 14, his/her guardian) to this Privacy Policy must be obtained. 2. Collection of sensitive personal information For the purpose of use, ANA may handle personal information that can be classified as sensitive personal information under PIPL etc., such as information about one’s passport, health condition, payment, or accommodations. Since sensitive personal information can negatively affect the interests of customers if it is leaked or used unlawfully (for example, it is likely that individual dignity will be damaged or that personal safety and asset security will be put at risk), ANA will carefully manage such information and handle it in a lawful manner. 3. Retention period for personal information ANA will retain the customer's personal information until the purpose of use is achieved. In particular, ANA sets the retention period for personal information as follows. (1) Personal information of ANA Mileage Club membership Until ANA Mileage Club membership cancellation.(2) Passengers’ personal information Until the completion of transportation and related work stipulated in the Conditions of Carriage –domestic passenger and baggage- and –international passenger and baggage-.(3) Other personal information The shortest required period for the purpose to which customers have consented. 4. Technology and measure to protect customers’ personal information (1) ANA takes security measures to protect customers' personal information from leakage, alteration or loss. Specifically, ANA takes the following measures to protect customers' personal information. ANA establishes and implements an internal management system and operational rules relating to the protection of personal information.ANA conducts classification management for personal information.ANA develops website with https and sets SSL encryption to secure important customers' data (credit card information, etc.) communication between the customers' web browser and the server. ANA uses encryption technology for protecting personal information.ANA allocates access rights reasonably and controls access, so that access by unauthorized persons to personal information will be prevented.In order to raise employee awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, ANA provides education and training on security and privacy protection.ANA establishes emergency responses for personal information incidents and prepares for their implementation. (2) ANA will take all reasonable and practicable steps to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. ANA will only retain customers' personal information for the shortest period of time required to achieve the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, unless an extension of the retention period is permitted by law.(3) In the event of a personal information incident, ANA will promptly inform customers of the relevant circumstances of the incident in accordance with the requirements of PIPL, etc. and report to the regulatory authorities. 5. Request about handling of Personal Information In the event that ANA receives a request regarding the personal information it holds of a customer who is a resident of China, the request will be handled in a reasonable timeframe and scope in accordance with PIPL, etc. and Chapter 1 “Article 12 Request about handling of Personal Information”. In responding to the request, ANA may confirm that it was submitted by the customer himself/herself. (1) Request for withdrawal of consent If the handling of the customer’s personal information is based on his/her consent, the customer has the right to withdraw such consent. Personal information items designated by the customer will be deleted in accordance with the customer's request, wherever possible and appropriate. However, please note that such deletion may prevent customers from being provided with services that they had utilized, or may impede the provision of services in accordance with their wishes. (2) Request for interpretation/explanation of Privacy Policy Customers have the right to ask for the interpretation/explanation of this Privacy Policy. (3) Methods for submission of requests Customers may submit requests by following methods. 1. Submission of requests Website: Please send the required documents via webform listed on ANA’s website. ANA’s website 2. Required documents Application forms Documents required for confirmation of identification of individual, etc.(For individuals) (1) Copies of any two of the following: passport, health insurance certiﬁcate(masking insurance card numbers and identification symbols / numbers of insured individuals), basic resident registration card with photo, pension insurance booklet, physical disability certificate, resident card or special permanent resident certificate, certificate of seal registration, Individual Number Card (front page only), identification card issued by the Chinese government (For representatives) In addition to “ (For individuals), ” the following documents described in (1) and (2) below are required. (1) Power of Attorney (legal representatives must provide a certifying document)(2) Documents to identify the representative (copies of two of the following: the representative’s passport, health insurance certificate(masking insurance card numbers and identification symbols / numbers of insured individuals), basic resident registration card with photo, pension insurance booklet, physical disability certificate, resident card or special permanent resident certificate, certificate of seal registration, Individual Number Card (front page only), identification card issued by the Chinese government) 3. Contact Desk China 4008-82-8888 (Charged) 6. Provision to third parties and transfer outside China When ANA provides personal information of customers to third parties (including the cases of provision due to shared use and business entrustment that involves the transfer of such information outside China), it will do so in accordance with PIPL, etc. 7. Change of purposes of use of personal data In the case of a change to the purposes of use of personal information, ANA will announce the revised Privacy Policy in advance on ANA website (www.ana.co.jp/) and ANA will use personal information in accordance with the new purposes of use of personal information after obtaining consent from customers. 8. Basic information of Controller of personal information ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. Address: Shiodome City Center, 1-5-2 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Chapter 4. Handling of personal information of California residents by ANA Last updated on July 1, 2023 Besides Chapter 1, Chapter 4 also shall be applied to the handling of personal information of persons residing in California, United States of America based on the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended under the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (hereinafter "CCPA"). In the event that any provisions of this chapter contradict those of chapter 1, the provisions of this chapter shall prevail. The terms used in this chapter are based on the definitions provided in CCPA. For example, the term "sale" means ANA's selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. The term "sharing" means ANA's sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration. However, if ANA concludes an appropriate agreement concerning the handling of personal information with a third party, the activities mentioned above are not regarded as "sale" from the perspective of CCPA. 1. Acquisition and use of personal information Personal information collected by ANA in the preceding 12 months or likely to be collected in the future is classified as defined in the following table. ANA uses such information for the purposes set forth in Chapter 1, Article 3 (Purpose of using personal information). It will acquire such personal information directly from customers. Identifiers (name or symbol, etc. used to uniquely identify a particular subject) The customer's name, address, telephone number, fax number, mailing address, email address, passport information, and ANA Mileage Club membership number (10 digit number), personal online identifier etc. Additional data subject to the California Customer Records statute (personal information categories in Cal. Civ. Code Sec. 1798.80(e)) The customer's physical and medical information relating to flying, credit card number, and payment information including details of credit/debit card and other payment methods, etc. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law The customer's dietary restrictions, etc.Commercial information The type of customer's ANA Mileage Club membership card, membership status, membership area, mileage status, credit card expiration date, usage history of credit card and related information, need for wheelchair or other special arrangement, flight reservation and cancellation information, usage history of flights and other services, details of travel plans and arrangements, including flights with ANA and other airlines, accommodations, and other transportation arrangements, details of inquiries, requests and complaints contained in correspondence with customers, etc. Internet or other electronic network activity information Information such as that on how customers use the ANA website and mobile application, including details on cookies, advertising identifiers (IDFA/GAID), location information, unique device identifiers, details on OS and browser type, etc., and website activity logs Professional or employment-related information Employment information (company name, division/department the customer belongs to, title, address, telephone number, fax number) and related information Sensitive personal information Passport information, information on physical condition or disease of the customer relevant to his/her boarding, the customer's dietary restrictions, the necessity to arrange for a wheelchair, and location information, etc. 2. The disclosure of personal information (1) Sale of personal information ANA will not sell customers' personal information (including personal information concerning minors) to any third parties, and has not sold the same in the past 12 months.(2) The sharing of personal information The types of personal information that ANA may share with third parties in the future, and the types of personal information that ANA has shared with third parties in the past 12 months and the types of third parties with whom ANA has shared personal information during the said period are shown below. ANA shares such personal information with third parties in order to conduct marketing activities (including personalized advertisements), such as provision of information on events and campaigns. ANA will not share the personal information of a customer with a third party if ANA has actual knowledge that the customer is a minor. Internet or other electronic network activity information Information such as how customers use the ANA website and mobile application, including details on cookies, advertising identifiers (IDFA/GAID), location information, unique device identifiers, details on OS and browser type, etc., and website activity logs Ad network (3) Disclosure of personal information for business purposes The types of customers' personal information that ANA has disclosed in the past 12 months for business purposes and the types of third parties to which such personal information has been disclosed are shown below. ANA discloses these types of personal information to third parties for the purposes specified in Chapter 1. ("3. Purpose of using personal information" and "8. Data sharing"). Identifiers (name or symbol, etc. used to uniquely identify a particular subject) The customer's name, address, telephone number, fax number, mailing address, email address, passport information, and ANA Mileage Club membership number (10 digit number), personal online identifier etc. Other companies in the ANA Group, subcontractor handling ANA flights, airports and airlines who we partner with, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc. Additional data subject to the California Customer Records statute (personal information categories in Cal. Civ. Code Sec. 1798.80(e)) The customer's physical and medical information relating to flying, credit card number, and payment information including details of credit/debit card and other payment methods, etc. Other companies in the ANA Group, subcontractor handling ANA flights, airports and airlines who we partner with, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law The customer's dietary restrictions, etc. Other companies in the ANA Group, subcontractor handling ANA flights, etc.Commercial information The type of customer's ANA Mileage Club membership card, membership status, membership area, mileage status, credit card expiration date, usage history of credit card and related information, need for wheelchair or other special arrangement, flight reservation and cancellation information, usage history of flights and other services, details of travel plans and arrangements, including flights with ANA and other airlines, accommodations, and other transportation arrangements, details of inquiries, requests and complaints contained in correspondence with customers, etc. Other companies in the ANA Group, subcontractor handling ANA flights, airports and airlines who we partner with, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc. Internet or other electronic network activity information Information such as that on how customers use the ANA website and mobile application, including details on cookies, advertising identifiers (IDFA/GAID), location information, unique device identifiers, details on OS and browser type, etc., and website activity logs Other companies in the ANA Group, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc. Professional or employment-related information Employment information (company name, division/department the customer belongs to, title, address, telephone number, fax number) and related information Other companies in the ANA Group, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc. Sensitive personal information Passport information, information on physical condition or disease of the customer relevant to his/her boarding, the customer's dietary restrictions, the necessity to arrange for a wheelchair, and location information, etc. ANA Group companies, subcontractor handling ANA flights, airports and airlines who we partner with, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc. 3. Sensitive personal information ANA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information of customers for any purpose other than certain purposes permitted under the CCPA. ANA does not collect or process sensitive personal information of customers for the purpose of inferring characteristics about customers. 4. Retention of personal information ANA retains customers' personal information until the purpose of use is achieved. Particularly, ANA has set the retention period for personal information as follows. For most other personal information, the appropriate retention period will be determined based on the nature of the information and the purpose for having it by reference to legal and accounting requirements and our business needs. (1) Personal information of ANA Mileage Club membership Until withdrawal of the ANA Mileage Club membership(2) Personal information of passengers Until completion of transportation and related services stipulated in Conditions of Carriage for Domestic Flights and Conditions of Carriage for International Flights(3) Other personal information Required period for the purpose which customers have consented. 5. Request about handling of personal information Customers living in California have the following rights concerning their personal information: (1) Right to know Customers have the right to make a request to ANA for the disclosure of the following information regarding their personal information collected/used/disclosed by ANA within the 12 months before the date of request (hereinafter "Right to know"), up to twice in 12 months. Type of the customer’s personal information collected by ANASource of the collection of such personal informationBusiness or commercial purposes for the collection of such personal informationType of third party with which such personal information has been sharedThe customer’s specific personal information collected by ANAType of the customer’s personal information disclosed by ANA for a business purposeType of third parties to which each type of such personal information has been disclosed (2) Right to delete Customers have the right to make a request to ANA for the deletion of their certain personal information collected by ANA (hereinafter "Right to delete").(3) Right to correct Customers have the right to request ANA to correct incorrect personal information held by ANA (hereinafter the "Right to correct"). (4) Right to opt-out of sharing Customers have the right to direct ANA to stop sharing their personal information with a third party (hereinafter the "Right to opt-out of sharing"). When, among the rights set out above, exercising the right to know, the right to delete or the right to correct, please contact us using any of the following methods. Once ANA receives such a request, it will be handled according to the related laws and regulations within a reasonable timeframe and manner, after confirming, through the procedures for individual identification described below, that the request was submitted by the customer himself/herself. 1. Submission of requests Website: ANA's website Telephone: U.S. 1-800-235-9262 (Toll-free) 310-782-3011 (Charged) 2. Procedures for individual identification (For individuals) Upon receiving a request for the exercise of the right to know, the right to delete or the right to correct, ANA will ask the customer to submit information sufficient to confirm that such request was submitted by such customer himself/herself, such as his/her name and email address, and compare the submitted information with the information held by ANA. (For representatives) In addition to the information required for the identification of individual in " (For individuals), " the customer needs to submit a certificate signed by him/her certifying that the representative is authorized to exercise rights on his/her behalf. In addition, ANA may ask the customer to directly contact ANA to confirm that he/she has granted the representative authority to exercise the right to know, the right to delete or the right to correct. When, among the rights set out above, exercising the right to opt-out of sharing, please contact us using any of the following methods or through the link below. Once ANA receives such a request, it will be handled according to the related laws and regulations within a reasonable timeframe and manner. ANA responds to an opt-out preference transmitted through the Global Privacy Control and handles it as a valid request based on the right to opt-out of sharing. Please refer to Global Privacy Control for how to set a global preference. As a rule, ANA will not treat customers who have submitted such requests in a discriminatory manner, such as changing their services. Even so, please note that deletion requests may prevent customers from receiving services which they have been provided with, or may impede the provision of services that are in accordance with their needs. 6. Contact for inquiries Website: ANA's website Telephone: U.S. 1-800-235-9262 (Toll-free) 310-782-3011 (Charged) Chapter 5. Handling of personal information of Thailand residents by ANA 1. Introduction This Chapter 5 provides additional information about the collection, use, or disclosure (“processing”) of personal information of customers and other individuals in the Kingdom of Thailand (“Thailand”) in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act of Thailand B.E. 2562 (A.D. 2019) (“PDPA”). If consent is required for processing of personal information relevant to the use of ANA’s services of data subjects who are minors, quasi-incompetents or incompetents under the law of Thailand and cannot lawfully give consent by themselves, consent or permission of the persons exercising parental power, their curators or custodians (as the case may be) must also be obtained. If data subjects are under the age of 10, only consent or permission of the persons exercising parental power must be obtained. If ANA is not aware that the data subjects are minors, quasi-incompetent persons or incompetent persons prior to the collection of their personal information, upon learning that we have collected personal information of minors without the consent of persons exercising parental power (when it is required and the minors cannot lawfully give consent by themselves), or from quasi-incompetent persons and incompetent persons without the consent of their legal curator and custodian, we will delete the personal information at the earliest convenience unless we can rely on other legal grounds apart from consent for such processing. The data subject’s consent to this Privacy Policy must be obtained in the event that a person such as family member or an agent authorized to act on its behalf applies for ANA’s service on behalf of the data subject. In the event that any provisions of this Chapter 5 contradict those of Chapter 1, the provisions of this Chapter 5 shall prevail. 2.The controller of personal information The controller of your personal information is ANA. ANA protects personal information which is collected and used by controllers (who make decisions about how and why your personal information is used) and processors (who act on the controller’s written instructions) on the basis of the PDPA. 3. Our lawful basis for processing personal information ANA protects your personal information by ensuring that it can only be used to the extent necessary for specific purposes (as set out in Part 3 of Chapter 1 of this Privacy Policy) and by requiring that there is a lawful basis for each processing activity on the basis of the PDPA. ANA may process customer personal information on one or more of the following lawful bases: (1) When your consent is obtained to the processing (Article 19 PDPA) Consent will usually only be relied upon for promotional and marketing related processing, or in some cases, in relation to sensitive personal information.(2) When processing is necessary in order to perform or take steps to enter into a contract (Article 24(3) PDPA). This is typically why we process customer information which is essential to providing our services, including a customer’s identity, contact, payment and travel details, etc. (3) ANA needs to process the information to comply with a lawful obligation (Article 24(6) PDPA). This includes the requirement to share personal information with customs and immigration authorities or law enforcement, as well ANA’s legal duties towards its staff and customers.(4) The information is required to protect your, or a third party’s, vital interests (Article 24(2) PDPA), for example in the event of a medical emergency.(5) It is in ANA’s or a third party’s legitimate interests to process the personal information, and these interests are not overridden by your fundamental rights regarding your personal information under the law (Article 24(5) PDPA). This includes the use of personal information necessary to operate ANA’s business and also to maintain, develop and improve its products and services and provide the best possible customer experience to the extent permissible under the PDPA. 4. Request about processing of personal information (1) The PDPA provides you with the following legal rights: Request for disclosure: You can request copies of your personal information and details of how we process it.Request for correction or updating: Corrections or updates to personal information will be undertaken wherever possible after due review of the request.Request for erasure: You may request that we erase, destroy or anonymize all or part of the personal information we hold about you. We will consider your request and, where the information is no longer required or the law does not permit us to continue to retain it, we will delete it. Transferring your personal information: You can request a copy of your personal information in a structured, common, machine-readable format. This only applies to personal information which we obtain from you and process on the basis of your consent or in order to perform a contract, and which is processed by automated means.Objecting to processing: You can object to processing which is carried out on the basis of our or a third party’s legitimate interests or for the purpose of direct marketing. We will stop processing your information unless we have a legitimate reason to continue which overrides your objection. If your objection is to direct marketing, we will always stop. Restricting how your personal information is processed. You can limit how we process your personal information in certain circumstances. Where this applies, any processing of your personal information (other than storing it) will only be lawful with your consent or where required for legal claims, protecting certain rights or important public interest reasons.The right to withdraw consent. If we are relying on consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. However, the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the processing of your personal information that you have already given consent legally before it is withdrawn. Please note, the rights set out above are not absolute and do not apply in every situation. There are also legal exemptions which apply in some situations and mean a request may be refused. Of course, if a request is refused we will inform you of the reasons for this when we respond. Records of requests made to us will be retained so that we can ensure we have complied with our legal obligations. (2) Method for submitting request You can exercise your rights free of charge (except in the case where expenses may be chargeable under the PDPA). The method for submitting a request and contact information are as follows. (Website) Please send the required documents via the webform listed on ANA’s website.ANA’s website (Required documents) (3) Responding to a request We will respond without delay and usually within thirty (30) days. We may, in some cases, ask for identification or (if you are making the request on behalf of a third party) proof of your authority to submit a request. If your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, it may take longer to provide a detailed response. Please also bear in mind that there are exceptions to the rights above and some situations where they do not apply. If you are not satisfied with our response to a data protection request or if you think your personal information has not been processed appropriately, then you have the right to file a complaint with the Personal Data Protection Committee of Thailand. Please see Part 9 of this Chapter 5 (“Lodging a complaint with an authority”) for further details. 5. Data sharing which is necessary to provide products or services ANA’s products and services are provided with the assistance of other companies and organizations and often ANA will need to share personal information with third parties in order to run its business. These third parties include: (1) Other companies in the ANA Group(2) Organizations with which ANA is legally required to share personal information including: government organizations, regulatory and law enforcement authorities, judicial, customs and immigration authorities, third-party organization, etc.(3) Service providers including: subcontractor handling ANA flights, airports and airlines who we partner with, various service providers, providers with whom we have a marketing partnership, etc. Where ANA instructs companies, contractors or service providers to process data on its behalf, then it will ensure that it does so pursuant to a contract which meets the requirements of PDPA. 6. Marketing communications ANA sends out marketing communications from time to time to notify interested persons of news and provide details of products and services which may be of interest to them. ANA will only do this if the recipient has consented to receive marketing communications. 7. Where your personal information is stored and transferred ANA is located in Japan and many of the service providers and other organizations with whom we share your personal information will be located in jurisdictions outside Thailand. When transferring personal information to third parties, ANA will ensure that it complies with the requirements of the PDPA and related Japanese laws. However, you should be aware that recipients outside Thailand may be subject to national laws which do not necessarily provide equivalent protection for your personal information. If you would like more information regarding where your personal information is stored and transferred please contact ANA using the details set out in Part 13 of this Chapter 1 (“Submission of request for disclosure, etc.”). 8. Retention of personal information ANA retains customers’ personal information until the purpose of use is achieved. Particularly, ANA has set the retention period for personal information as follows. For most other personal information, the appropriate retention period will be determined based on the nature of the information and the purpose for having it by reference to legal and accounting requirements and our business needs. (1) Personal information of ANA Mileage Club membership Until withdrawal of the ANA Mileage Club membership(2) Personal information of passengers Until completion of transportation and related services stipulated in Conditions of Carriage for Domestic Flights and Conditions of Carriage for International Flights(3) Other personal information Required period for the purpose which customers have consented. Please note that ANA may retain your personal information for a longer period than mentioned above if it is for the purposes of the establishment, compliance, or exercise of legal claims, the defense of legal claims, or the purpose for compliance with the law. 9. Lodging a complaint with an authority Customers have the right to lodge a complaint on the processing of their personal information with the Personal Data Protection Committee of Thailand. 10. The contact information of the controller and ANA’s Data Protection Officer. Controller: ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. Address: Shiodome City Center, 1-5-2 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan Data Protection Oﬃcer email: anag_infosec@ana.co.jp Please note that this e-mail address is for privacy related matters only. For requests about processing of personal information (disclosure, erasure, correction, etc.), please refer to "4.Request about processing of personal information"(2) Method for submitting request .For inquiries regarding reservations, tickets, baggage, ANA Mileage Club, services, etc., please access Contact Information in Each Region and ANA Branch Office . Please choose your city and language. Page Top Copyright © ANA・ANA X