Privacy Center Spotify uses personal data to create the best listening experience. Learn more about your data rights. Understanding Privacy at SpotifyWhat personal data we collectWhy we collect personal dataHow we protect your personal dataHow we share / transfer your personal data?Your personal data rightsControl your dataOur PoliciesHow to contact us Understanding Privacy at Spotify At Spotify, we want to give you the best possible experience. To do this we use some personal data about you to provide your personalised Spotify service and to develop the best audio platform for our listeners and creators. We are also committed to protecting the privacy and security of your data. Check out the below privacy resources and watch the video on this page to learn more. Our Privacy Center is a user-friendly hub that explains the key elements of our Privacy Policy - the data we collect, how we use and protect it, and your rights and controls over it.Our full Privacy Policy contains all the important details.Our Privacy & Security Spotify Support pages provide extra support and answers to frequently asked questions. Our guide to Spotify for parents and guardians provides advice on how to support and protect your teenage or younger child when using Spotify’s services.If you’re still looking for help, you can contact us . What personal data does Spotify collect about me? It is very important to us that you understand what personal data we collect about you, how we collect it, and why it’s necessary. We collect your personal data in the following ways: When you sign up for the Spotify Service or when you update your account - we collect certain personal data to create your Spotify account so you can use the Spotify Service. This includes your profile name and email address, as described in more detail in section 3 of our Privacy Policy . Through your use of the Spotify Service - when you use or access the Spotify Service, we collect and process personal data about your actions. This includes the songs you have played and playlists you have created. This is the Usage Data category contained in section 3 of our Privacy Policy . Personal data that you choose to give us - from time to time, you may also provide us with additional personal data or give us permission to collect personal data e.g. to provide you with more features or functionality. These could include Voice Data, Payment and Purchase Data and Survey and Research Data categories contained in section 3 of our Privacy Policy . Personal data we receive from third party sources - if you sign up for Spotify using another service or connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we’ll receive your data from those third parties. We may also receive your data from technical service providers, payment partners and advertising and marketing partners. See section 3 of the Privacy Policy for more details. Why does Spotify collect and use this personal data? We collect and use your personal data for the following reasons: to provide the Spotify Serviceto provide certain additional voluntary features of the Spotify Serviceto understand, diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Serviceto evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Spotify Servicefor marketing, promotion, and advertising purposesto comply with legal obligations and law enforcement requeststo fulfill contractual obligations with third partiesto take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content to establish, exercise, or defend legal claimsto conduct business planning, reporting, and forecastingto process your paymentto detect and prevent fraud, including fraudulent use of the Spotify Serviceto conduct research and surveys For more information about why Spotify uses your personal data, and our legal basis for doing so, see section 4 of our Privacy Policy . How does Spotify protect my personal data? We are committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, please note that no system is ever completely secure. We have put various safeguards in place including pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. To protect your user account, we encourage you to: use a strong password which you only use for your Spotify accountnever share your password with anyonelimit access to your computer and browserlog out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared deviceread more detail on protecting your account For more detail, see section 8 of our Privacy Policy . How does Spotify share / transfer my personal data?Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify shares your personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in our Privacy Policy . They may process your data in countries whose data protection laws are not considered to be as strong as EU laws or the laws which apply where you live. For example, they may not give you the same rights over your data. Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to: make sure the data transfer complies with applicable lawhelp to give your data the same level of protection as it has in the EU See section 7 of our Privacy Policy for more details about the protections we use when transferring personal data internationally. Your Personal Data Rights You may be aware that privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation or "GDPR", give certain rights to individuals over their personal data. These are described below. For more detailed information, including how to exercise your rights, see section 2 of our Privacy Policy . Access your personal data It’s your right to request access to the personal data we process about you. Be informed It’s your right to be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it. Update your personal data It’s your right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate or incomplete. Restrict the use of your personal data It’s your right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data. Object to the use of your personal data It’s your right to object to us processing your personal data at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation. Object to tailored advertising It’s your right to object to your personal data being processed for tailored advertising purposes. Object to automated decision making It’s your right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. Port your personal data It’s your right to request a copy of your personal data in an electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service. Erase your personal data It’s your right to request that we delete your personal data. Withdraw your consent It’s your right to withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data. Lodge a complaint It’s your right to contact the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection or your local data protection authority about any questions or concerns. Where can I go to control what personal data Spotify uses? Privacy Settings page - control the processing of certain personal data, including Tailored Ads. Notification Settings page - set which marketing communication you get from Spotify. Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify) - control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as “Social” and “Explicit Content”. On the “Social” setting, you can: start a Private sessionchoose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followers, andchoose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profileOn the “Explicit Content” setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account. Our Policies At Spotify we are dedicated to providing you with the best user experience. Below are the policies that we apply when providing you with this service. Privacy Policy ↗ Our Privacy Policy contains further detail about what personal data we collect, how we use it, and why we process it. Cookie Policy ↗ Our Cookie Policy contains information about the cookies that Spotify uses, the role they play in helping us provide the best possible experience to you, and the choices you have when it comes to your cookie settings. How to contact us For any questions or concerns about this page, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways: Write to us at: Spotify USA Inc., 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, NY 10007, USA Spotify Company Communities Useful links © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services. Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelSpotify Privacy Policy Effective as of 29 June 2023 1. About this Policy This Privacy Policy describes how we process your personal data at Spotify USA Inc. From now on, we'll call it the 'Policy'. It applies to your use of: all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes: your use of Spotify on any devicethe personalization of your user experience. Watch our personalization explainer video to learn more about thisthe infrastructure required to provide our servicesconnection of your Spotify account with another applicationboth our free or paid streaming options (each a ' Service Option ') other Spotify services which include a link to this Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the Community Site From now on, we'll collectively call these the ' Spotify Service '. From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They'll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. In some cases, we may provide different or additional policies or notices about our information practices. For example, if you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, our Supplemental U.S. State Privacy Notice applies in addition to this Policy. This Policy is not ... the Spotify Terms of Use , which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your user rightsabout your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy. Other Spotify services include Anchor and Megaphone. Other resources and settings Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls: Privacy Center : A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics and helpful videos. It includes the 'Your Privacy Controls' video which shows you how to exercise your user rights and make choices about the way we process your data. See Section 2 'Your personal data rights and controls' for more on user rights. Privacy Settings : Control the processing of certain personal data, including tailored advertising . Notification Settings Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify.Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as 'Social' or 'Explicit Content'. On the 'Social' setting, you can: start a Private sessionchoose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followerschoose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile On the 'Explicit Content' setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account. Cookies Policy : Information on how we use cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences. Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website. 2. Your personal data rights and controls Privacy laws give certain rights to individuals over their personal data. The table below explains: your rightscircumstances when they applyhow to use them You can also watch our video about Your Privacy Controls . Be informed Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it. We inform you: through this Policythrough information provided to you as you use the Spotify Serviceby answering your specific questions and requests when you contact us Know/ Access Request to know and access the personal data we process about you. To request a copy of your personal data from Spotify, either: use the ‘Download your data’ tool in your account Privacy Settings , or contact us When you download your data you will receive the information about your data that Spotify has to provide under applicable laws. If you would like more information about how we process your personal data, you can contact us . Correction Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate. You can edit your User Data under ‘Edit profile’ in your account or by contacting us . Deletion Request that we delete certain of your personal data. Please note there are situations where Spotify is unable to delete your data, for example when: it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it forwe have an overriding interest in continuing to process the data, for example where we need the data to protect our services from fraudSpotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, orSpotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account There are several ways you can delete personal data from Spotify: to remove audio content from your profile select the relevant content and choose to remove it.For example, you can remove playlists from your profile, or remove a track from your playlistto request deletion of your other personal data from Spotify (and thus close your account), follow the steps on our support page . This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in Section 3 ‘Personal data we collect about you’ you can also contact us to request deletion or reach out to customer support via our chat bot Right to Opt-Out Request to opt out of the processing of your personal data for ‘sharing’ or ‘targeted advertising’ purposes, as defined under certain privacy laws. For more information about our processing for these purposes, see the section ‘Tailored advertising controls’ below. You can exercise your right to opt out in your account Privacy Settings under ‘Tailored Ads’. If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the 'Your Privacy Choices' link at the footer of our website. Data portability Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service. For information about how to exercise the right to portability, see ‘Know/Access’ above. Not be subject to automated decision making Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. Spotify does not carry out this type of automated decision making in the Spotify Service. Withdrawal of consent Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data. You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data solely based on your consent. To withdraw your consent, you can: adjust the relevant control on Spotify Verifying requests, generally To verify a consumer request to know, request to delete, and request to correct, we ask you to provide certain details related to your Spotify account. Please note, if you do not have a Spotify account we will not have enough information about you to verify your identity and respond to your requests, as we do not keep sufficient information necessary to re-identify and link you to a prior visit to the Spotify Service where data may have been collected. As such, we will be unable to verify and honor your requests. Household requests If all the members of a household make an access, correction or deletion request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests. Tailored advertising controls What is tailored advertising? This is when we use information about your use of our Services and other websites and mobile apps to tailor ads to be more relevant to you. This is also known as interest based advertising, targeted advertising, or 'sharing' for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.An example of tailored advertising is when an advertising partner has information suggesting you like cars. This could enable us to show you ads about cars. How to control tailored advertising: You can control tailored advertising in your account Privacy Settings under 'Tailored Ads'.If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the 'Your Privacy Choices' link at the footer of our websiteYou can also control tailored advertising for some podcasts using the link in the episode's show description. This applies where the content provider inserts advertising into the podcast to fund it. The hosting provider, which might not be Spotify, manages these controls for the podcast. If you are 'opted out' of Tailored Ads in your Privacy Settings , you may still get advertising. This can include on our free Service Option, as well as our paid Service Option, as applicable (for example, advertising in podcasts). This type of advertising is based on your registration information and what you are currently listening to on our services. For example, if you are listening to a cooking podcast, you may hear an ad for a food processor. 3. Personal data we collect about you These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you. You can also watch our video about Personal Data at Spotify . Categories Description User Data Personal data that we need to create your Spotify account and that enables you to use the Spotify Service. The type of data collected and used depends on the type of Service Option you have. It also depends on how you create your account, the country you are in, and if you use third party services to sign in. This may include your: profile nameemail addresspasswordphone numberdate of birthgenderstreet address (see further details below)countryuniversity/college (for Spotify Premium Student) We receive some of this data from you e.g. from the sign up form or account page. We also collect some of this data from your device e.g. country or region.For more information about how we collect and use this data, see ‘Your general (non-precise) location’ in the Usage Data category. Street Address Data We may ask for and process your street address for the following reasons: to check eligibility for a Service Optionto deliver notices which are required by lawto deliver support optionsfor billing and tax administrationto deliver physical goods or gifts which you have requested In some cases, we may use a third party application to help you verify your address, such as Google Maps. Categories Description Usage Data Personal data collected and processed about you when you’re accessing or using the Spotify Service. There are a few types of information this includes, listed in the following sections. Information about how you use Spotify Examples include: information about your Spotify Service Optionyour actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as: search queriesstreaming historyplaylists you createyour librarybrowsing historyaccount settingsinteractions with other Spotify usersyour use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Serviceinferences (i.e., our understanding) of your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakescontent you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content Your technical data Examples include: URL informationonline identifiers such as cookie data and IP addressesinformation about the devices you use such as: device IDsnetwork connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth)providernetwork and device performancebrowser typelanguageinformation enabling digital rights managementoperating systemSpotify application versioninformation which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are: devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Servicedevices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installationSpotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device Your general (non-precise) location Your general location includes country, region or state. We may learn this from technical data (e.g. your IP address, language setting of your device) or payment currency. We need this to: meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Servicedeliver content and advertising that’s relevant to you Your device sensor data Motion-generated or orientation-generated device sensor data if needed to provide features of the Spotify Service that require this data. This is data which your device collects about the way you move or hold your device. Categories Description Payment and Purchase Data If you make any purchases from Spotify or sign up for a paid Service Option or a trial, we will need to process your payment data. The exact personal data collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. It will include information such as: namedate of birthpayment method type (e.g. credit or debit card)if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card numberNote: For security, we never store your full card numberZIP/postal codemobile phone numberdetails of your purchase and payment history Survey and Research Data When you respond to a survey or take part in user research, we collect and use the personal data you provide as described in the survey or research. We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. The below table describes the categories of those third parties. Categories of third parties Description Data categories Authentication partners If you register for or log into the Spotify Service using another service, that service will send your information to us. This information helps create your account with us. User Data Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account If you connect your Spotify account to a third party application, service or device, we may collect and use information from them. This collection is to make the integration possible. These third party apps, services or devices may include: social mediadevices including: audio (e.g. speakers and headphones)smart watchestelevisionsmobile phones and tabletsautomotive (e.g. cars)games consolesservices or platforms such as voice assistants or content platformsWe’ll ask your permission before we collect your information from certain third parties.User DataUsage Data Technical service partners We work with technical service partners that give us certain data. This includes mapping IP addresses to non-precise location data (e.g., country or region, city, state). This makes it possible for Spotify to provide the Spotify Service, content, and features. We also work with security service providers who help us protect user accounts. User DataUsage Data Payment partners and Merchants If you choose to pay through third parties (e.g. telco carriers) or by invoice, we may get data from our payment partners. This allows us to: send you invoicesprocess your paymentgive you what you’ve purchased If we direct you to a merchant, we receive data from the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to an artist’s merchandise store on a third party platform or to a third party ticketing website. Receiving this data allows us to: calculate any commissions owed to usanalyze the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partnersunderstand your interests Payment and Purchase Data Advertising and marketing partners We receive inferences from certain advertising or marketing partners. These inferences are the partners’ understanding of your interests and preferences. This allows us to deliver more relevant ads and marketing. Usage Data Acquired companies We may receive data about you from companies we acquire. This is to enhance our services, products, and offerings. User DataUsage Data If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data. 4. Our purpose for using your personal data The table below sets out: our purpose for processing your personal datacategories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in Section 3 'Personal data we collect about you' You can also watch our video about Personal Data at Spotify . To provide the Spotify Service in accordance with our contract with you. For example, when we use your personal data to: set up an account for youpersonalize your account, orprovide the Spotify app when you download it onto your deviceUser DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To provide further parts of the Spotify Service. For example, when we use your personal data to enable you to share a link to Spotify content with someone else. User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To provide certain additional voluntary features of the Spotify Service. When this is the case, we will clearly ask for your consent. User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research DataPayment and Purchase Data To diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Spotify Service. User DataUsage Data To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Spotify Service. For example: we use personal data to develop and improve our personalized recommendation algorithmswe analyze how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changesUser DataUsage DataSurvey and Research Data For marketing or advertising where the law requires us to collect your consent. For example, when we use cookies to understand your interests or the law requires consent for email marketing. User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research Data For other marketing, promotion and advertising purposes where the law does not require consent. For example, when we use your personal data to tailor advertising to your interests. User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research Data To comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to. This might be: an obligation under the law of the country / region you are inSwedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), orEU law that applies to us For example, when we use your date of birth when required for age verification purposes.User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To comply with a request from law enforcement, courts, or other competent authorities. User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To fulfill contractual obligations with third parties. For example, when we provide pseudonymized data about our users’ listening because we have an agreement with a Spotify rightsholder to do so. Pseudonymized data means that your data is identified by a code rather than your name or other directly identifying information.User DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To take appropriate action with reports of intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content. User DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. For example, if we are involved in litigation and we need to provide information to our lawyers in relation to that legal case. User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting. For example, when we look at aggregated user data like the number of new sign ups in a country in order to plan new locations to launch our products and features in. User DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To process your payment. For example, when we use your personal data to let you purchase a Spotify subscription. User DataPayment and Purchase DataStreet Address Data To keep the Spotify Service secure and to detect and prevent fraud. For example, when we analyze Usage Data to check for fraudulent use of the Spotify Service. User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase Data To conduct research and surveys. For example, when we contact our users to ask for your feedback. User DataUsage DataSurvey and Research Data 5. Disclosing your personal data This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service. Publicly available information The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Spotify Service (except to any user you have blocked): your profile nameyour profile photoyour public playlistsother content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and images You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes: your profileany content you post on Spotify and details about that contentyour public playlists When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features. Personal data you may choose to disclose We will only disclose the following personal data with those outlined in the table below where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to disclose personal data to enable this, orif you otherwise grant us your permission to disclose the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent. Third party applications, services and devices you connect to your Spotify account User DataUsage Data To connect your Spotify account, or so that you can use the Spotify Service in connection with third party applications, services or devices. Examples of such third party applications, services and devices include: social media applicationsspeaker devicestelevisionsautomotive platformsvoice assistants You can see and remove many third party connections under ‘ Apps ’ in your account. Support community User Data To enable you to use the Spotify Support Community service . When you register for an account on the Spotify Support Community, we’ll ask you to create a profile name. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who uses the Spotify Support Community. We’ll also display any questions or comments you post. Other Spotify users User DataUsage Data To share information about your use of the Spotify Service with other Spotify users. These could include your followers on Spotify. For example, under ‘Social’ settings you can choose to share your recently played artists and your playlists on your profile. You can also choose to create or join a shared playlist with other users. Shared playlists give you social recommendations based on your listening activity. Artists and record labels User Data To receive news or promotional offers from artists, record labels or other partners. You may choose to share your User Data for this purpose. You’ll always have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time . Information we may disclose See this table for details of who we disclose to and why. Service providers User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data So they can provide their services to Spotify. These service providers include those we hire to: give customer supportoperate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Spotify Serviceassist in protecting and securing our systems and services (e.g. Google’s reCAPTCHA)help market Spotify’s (and our partners’) products, services, events and promotionsverify your eligibility for certain types of Service Options (e.g., Spotify Premium Student) Payment partners User DataPayment and Purchase Data So they can process your payments, and for anti-fraud purposes.Advertising partners User DataUsage Data So they can help us deliver more relevant advertising to you on the Spotify Service, and help measure the effectiveness of ads. For example, our ad partners help us facilitate tailored advertising. With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 16, we do not disclose personal data to advertising partners by default. Marketing Partners User DataUsage Data To promote Spotify with our partners. We disclose certain User Data and Usage Data to these partners where necessary to: enable you to participate in Spotify promotions, including trials or other bundled offersto promote Spotify in media and advertising published on other online serviceshelp us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Spotify promotions Examples of partners include: marketing or sponsorship partnerswebsites and mobile apps who sell us advertising space on their servicesdevice, app and mobile partners who also offer Spotify promotions Our partners may also combine the personal data we disclose to them with other data they collect about you, e.g. your use of their services. We and our partners may use this information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing that we think you’ll find relevant. With respect to Spotify Service users under the age of 16, we do not disclose personal data to marketing partners by default. Ticketing and event partners User Data For every event for which we sell tickets, we will need to disclose your name, email or other order details to our event partners such as ticketing agent or venue box office where the event is taking place so that you can check-in as a verifiable guest who purchased tickets through Spotify’s ticketing platform. Hosting Platforms Usage Data Hosting platforms host podcasts so that they can deliver them to you. We disclose certain data, such as your IP address, to the hosting platforms when you play a podcast. We also allow you to stream podcasts available from other hosting platforms not owned by Spotify. Podcast providers should explain in the show or episode description which platform is hosting the podcast. See the hosting platform’s own privacy policy for how they use data disclosed to them. Academic researchers User DataUsage Data For activities such as statistical analysis and academic study, but only in a pseudonymized format. Other Spotify group companies, including companies that Spotify acquires User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data To carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain, improve and provide the Spotify Service and acquired companies’ services to you. For example: enabling our employees who work for different group companies to develop and improve features for the Spotify Servicedisclosing data to our measurement companies to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns that run on the Spotify Servicedisclosing data to our podcast companies to better understand user listening trends Law enforcement and other authorities, or other parties to litigation User DataUsage Data When we believe in good faith it’s necessary for us to do so, for example: to comply with a legal obligationto respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena)for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to: national securitylaw enforcementlitigation (a court case)criminal investigationprotecting someone’s safetypreventing death or imminent bodily harm Purchasers of our business User DataStreet Address DataUsage DataPayment and Purchase DataSurvey and Research Data If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer. In this case, we may transfer your personal data to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction. 6. Data retention We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotify's legitimate and essential business purposes, such as: maintaining the performance of the Spotify Servicemaking data-driven business decisions about new features and offeringscomplying with our legal obligationsresolving disputes Here are some of the categories of our retention periods: * Data retained until you remove it It's your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on 'Deletion' in Section 2 'Your personal data rights and controls' for more information. * Data that expires after a specific period of time We have set certain retention periods so that some data expires after a specific period of time. * Data retained until your Spotify account is deleted We keep some data until your Spotify account is deleted. When your Spotify account is deleted, your data is deleted or anonymized.* Data retained for extended time periods for limited purposes After your account is deleted, we keep some data for a longer time period but for very limited purposes. Criteria used to determine the retention periods include: What is the appropriate retention period to carry out our purpose? Our systems are designed to automatically 'age out' data based on a defined retention period. We choose the retention period based on its legitimate business purpose. Do we need to keep data to ensure the service that users expect? We keep personal data for an appropriate period to deliver a personalized service to our users over time. We typically keep streaming history for the life of an account, for example, to provide retrospective playlists that users enjoy and personalized recommendations that take listening habits into account. For example, Your Summer Rewind and the end-of-year Wrapped campaign. Are users able to update or delete the data themselves? Where users are able to see and update the personal data themselves, we keep the information for as long as the user chooses. Do we need to keep the data to uphold our rules and keep our service safe? We may keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time. This is: to help ensure user safetyto protect against harmful content on our platform to take action with reports of intellectual property infringement This also helps us investigate potential breaches of our User Guidelines and Platform Rules . Is Spotify subject to a legal or contractual obligation to keep or delete the data? Examples include mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation or data kept for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, we will remove unlawful content if the law requires us to do so. 7. Transfer to other countries Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify transfers personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy. Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to make sure the data transfer complies with applicable law. We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use: technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymizationpolicies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests 8. Keeping your personal data safe We're committed to protecting our users' personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure. We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies. To protect your user account, we encourage you to: use a strong password which you only use for your Spotify accountnever share your password with anyonelimit access to your computer and browserlog out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared deviceread more detail on protecting your account You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the 'Sign out everywhere' function on your account page . If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed someone to use your account on a shared device. It's your responsibility to only allow individuals to use your account where you're comfortable sharing this personal data with them. Anyone else's use of your Spotify account may impact your personalized recommendations and be included in your data download. 9. Children Note: This Policy doesn't apply to Spotify Kids unless the Spotify Kids Privacy Policy says so. Spotify Kids is a separate Spotify application. The Spotify Service has a minimum 'Age Limit' in each country or region. The Spotify Service is not directed to children whose age: is under the age of 13 yearsmakes it illegal to process their personal data, orrequires parental consent to process their personal data We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit. If you're under the Age Limit, do not use the Spotify Service, and do not provide any personal data to us. Instead, we recommend using a Spotify Kids account. If you're a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Spotify, contact us . If we learn that we've collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we'll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Spotify account for that child.When using a shared device on the main Spotify Service, be cautious about playing or recommending any inappropriate content to individuals under 18 years old. 10. Changes to this Policy We may occasionally make changes to this Policy. When we make material changes to this Policy, we'll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email or device notification. 11. How to contact us For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways: write to us at: Spotify USA Inc., 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, NY 10007, USA Spotify USA Inc. is the data controller of personal data processed under this Policy. © Spotify USA Inc. Spotify Company Communities Useful links © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services. Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label