Last Updated: May 24th 2018 General This Privacy Policy applies to our customers, prospective customers, our customers’ customers (both direct and indirect), and visitors to this and affiliated Sites. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not visit our Sites and use our services. What Information we Collect 1. PII We collect personally identifiable information (“personal information” or “PII”) about people when they interact with our service by various means including our Sites, email, chat, texts, social media and other means. The information we collect includes but not limited to first and last name, company name, telephone numbers, postal and email addresses, username(s) and password(s), payment details and other personal information provided to us. 2. Customer Proprietary Network Information Some information related to certain services that we provide constitutes Customer Proprietary Network Information (“CPNI”). CPNI generally means information about the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, duration, location and amount of use of our Services, as well as information contained on our invoices, billing records, CDR records for the Services. CPNI is considered PII unless it is aggregate data and does not identify a person. Specific federal laws and regulations protect CPNI. We are committed to full compliance with these federal laws and regulations. We may also disclose CPNI to other telecommunications providers and related entities as required by applicable laws and regulations. 3. Automatic Information We also automatically collect some information about your computer/device when you visit our Web sites. This includes the IP address, web browser software, referring Website etc. We also may collect information about online activity, including pages visited and the content viewed. This information is used to give us a better understanding of our customers, users, and visitors to enhance the experience. We also collect SIP device information that is connected to our network. 4. Cookies and Tracking Technologies We may collect additional information about your online activities to enable us to customize and enhance your experience on the Services. This additional information is referred to as “cookies”. In addition to cookies, we may use other technologies for analytics to improve the performance of our Services, learn how to improve it, and to better understand usage of our Services. By using our Services, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this Privacy Policy. 5. Consent to Communication and Call Recording You also authorize our monitoring and recording of your calls to our support/sales phone numbers. 6. Information About Others If you provide PII information for other people or businesses as part of your use of our Service (including maintaining Phone book entries), you must obtain their consent before providing the information to us. Why we Collect We have lawful basis to collect and use PII from users because: We need to enable and provision the services and to perform core activities required to render the services and provide support.Users give their consent for a specific purpose.We need to comply with a legal or regulatory requirements.We have other legitimate needs, such as for product development, to promote the services and to protect our legal rights, interests and obligations. How the Information is Used The information can be used to initiate, render, bill and collect for the services provided; provide customer supportprotect a user(s), our service or other carriers from fraudulent or illegal use of, or subscription to, our products and services; protect our rights or property; to investigate fraud and prevent violation of our Terms of Service and unlawful use of our Services; to protect our other customers and other persons from fraud, abuse and unlawful use of our Serviceprovide your call location information in certain specified emergency situations, if applicable market to you services or products among the categories of services or products to which you currently subscribe; fulfill other purposes permitted by law, such as subpoenas, court orders, and lawful law enforcement requests. contact, survey, send service alerts or notices, and process service usage notifications (such as new voicemail notification) using various means including automated dialing, your account inbox records, internal communication, email, text message and any other supported electronic communication method. PII information may be shared with Third Party providers to allow us to operate the service. These third party providers may include communication providers, Emergency response services, payment processors, billing vendors etc. We do not sell or lease PII data. How to Access and Update the Information Most of the PII may be accessed and updated from the account dashboard or by submitting a support ticket.You are responsible for ensuring that Anveo has on file is accurate. You may also request your account and PII to be deleted from our systems. However, you must know that after such request is received your will lose your ability to use the service. Also, a certain PII may be kept for legal, regulatory and other compliance reasons. Also, some PII may be securely stored in backup archives and can not be selectively deleted. Transfer of the Information Anveo operates its databases in the United States of America and all PII information is transferred to the USA and then maybe processe in some other countries for customer care, account management and service provisioning. By using our Service you agree to such information transfers. Anveo takes necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Governing Law Anveo Inc. is based in the United States. If you visit our Web sites or use the service from outside the United States, your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our databases are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. However, we take steps pursuant to laws in the United States to protect your privacy. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. How Long we Keep the Data We retain Personal Information for as long as it is necessary to provide the services or to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations. Child Privacy Anveo is a service provider and we so not does not market for purchase or sell services or use by children. If you believe that a minor has disclosed PII to Anveo , it should be reported to us and we will delete the information as soon as reasonably possible. Other If you are a user of an application or other service that is using Anveo products, services, network then you need to refer to the application or the other service privacy policy that will describe how it collects, uses, stores, and shares your data. Anveo is not responsible for the privacy policies or actions of our customers. Information Security The security of your data is very important to us, but you must keep in mind that no method of transmission over the Internet, or electronic storage is 100% safe. While we do try our best to make sure that your data is stored securely and is protected, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, you acknowledge the risk that third parties may gain unauthorized access to your information. How To Contact Us Our existing customers may contact us regarding PII by submitting a support ticket from their account dashboard. In all other cases please direct your questions to Anveo Inc. Attn: Privacy Officer 148 E STREET RD #107, Feasterville, PA, 19053, USA Changes in Privacy Policy e may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting “last updated” notice on We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes in the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the service after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.