Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies beginning May 25, 2018. Key Launcher is a powerful, customizable, and versatile home screen replacement. Your privacy is a top priority to us and we appreciate that you put your trust in us. We are committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal information. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains how your information is collected, used, stored and shared by us with respect to your access and use of our services. By using or accessing our App or our Service, you agree to the privacy policies outlined below. I. What information do we collect? A. Device Information We collect your device and network connection information for analytical purpose only when you use our App. This information includes your device brand, the model of your device, your network status, etc. The device information that we collect does not contain any user sensitive information, such as device ID or anything that can be used to permanently identify a user or device. B. Information collected by Third-Party SDKs from our Monetization Partners Some of the third-party monetization SDKs integrated in our app may access your information for the purpose of ad optimization. Such information includes GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address. This Policy does not govern our third party monetization partners, as they have their own privacy policies which can be viewed on their websites. We have no access to or control over such third parties. However, we have a routine procedure to scan all third party SDKs to detect if they collect sensitive user information. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Google AdMob monetization platform of Google LLC ), DoubleClick Ad Exchange monetization platform of Google LLC ), DoubleClick for Publishers monetization platform of Google LLC ), Facebook Audience Network monetization platform of Facebook Inc. ), MoPub monetization platform of Twitter Inc. ), Amazon Fyber Smaato etc. C. Information collected by Third-Party Analytical Tools Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purpose. These third-party SDKs may also collect your information such as GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address. This Policy does not govern our third party analytical tools. You can find their privacy policy on their websites. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Flurry Oath Inc. ), AppsFlyer Appsflyer Inc. and Firebase analytical platform of Google LLC ), etc. The information they provide to us is aggregated analytical data. Ⅱ. How do we use this information? A. To provide services We may use this information to provide service or features in our App. For example, we may adjust your wallpaper size and set wallpaper, so that we can set a selected image as wallpaper. B. To improve our product As mentioned above, we collect your information for analytical purpose. This analytical data is only for app optimization. Some third-party monetization partners such as Facebook and Google may use the information they collected to optimize advertisement experience. Their use of information is governed by their privacy policy. We don’t have access to any such information they collected. Ⅲ. How is your information stored? For the information we collect, some is only stored on your device locally and some is stored safely in encrypted format in our servers located in AWS. We have strict policies to control access and usage of such data. If you would like to have your information deleted, please contact us. Ⅳ. How is your information shared? We never share your information with third parties. All the information we collect is only for the purpose of optimizing our product and is safely stored in our server in an encrypted format. The information will not be disclosed to any third parties. Ⅴ. What important permissions we request? Here we explain all important permissions that our app requests. These permissions are necessary for our app to perform certain features. 1. Take pictures and videos This permission allows Key Launcher to take photos of intruders snooping on your privacy apps and also allows the flashlight feature to access to your device’s camera flashlight. 2. Access USB storage filesystem & read the contents of your USB storage & modify or delete the contents of your USB storage These permissions allow Key Launcher to read and write to the USB storage, so we can store or delete wallpapers, themes and emojis.This permission also allows Key Launcher to clear junk files from your phone and make your phone faster. 3. Adjust your wallpaper size & set wallpaper These permissions allow users to set a selected image as wallpaper. 4. Approximate location (network-based) & precise location (GPS and network-based) These permissions are only used to provide local weather information for users. 5. Directly call phone numbers & answer phone calls & read phone status and identity These permissions are only used to identify call status to display the Call Flash feature and allow user directly answer or hang up the phone calls from the Call Flash feature. This won’t result in unexpected fees and calls. 6. Read your contacts This permission is only used to help users search local contacts with search bar. 7. Choose widgets This permission allows Key Launcher to add widgets to Key Launcher’s desktop. 8. Retrieve running apps & close other apps & reorder running apps These permissions allow the Boost widget to view and stop the running apps when some apps take up too much memory. 9. Delete all app cache data & measure app storage space These permissions allow the Junk Cleaner widget to detect and clear junk files from your phone. 10. Bind to a notification listener service This permission is only used to display the number of unread messages in the form of badge on icon. 11. Access mail information This permission is only used to show unread badge of gmail. 12. Full network access & receive data from Internet & view network connections & view Wifi connections These permissions allow Key Launcher to access the device’s network for functions including emoji, wallpapers, themes, call flash, weather and accessing app classification labels. 13. Run the application's scheduled background work This permission allows Key Launcher to run the application's scheduled background work. 14. Read Home settings and shortcuts This permission allows Key Launcher to acquire users’ Home settings and shortcuts in order to maintain user preferences. 15. Install shortcuts This permission allows Key Launcher to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can use Key Launcher related functions in other launchers. 16. Send sticky broadcast & installed apps information These permissions are only used to display all apps you have installed correctly on the desktop and access apps classification labels so that we can help you organize the installed apps into folders by categories automatically. 17. Pair with Bluetooth devices & access Bluetooth settings & change network connectivity & connect and disconnect from Wifi & change your audio settings & modify system settings These permissions are used in Key Launcher settings or notification toolbar in order to provide users with fast and convenient operations including: pair with Bluetooth devices, turn on or off the Bluetooth, connect or disconnect from Wifi, adjust audio settings, adjust screen brightness. 18. Control vibration This permission allows Key Launcher to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate. 19. Control flashlight This permission allows Key Launcher to turn ON/OFF your device’s camera flashlight. 20. Expand/collapse status bar This permission allows the Key Launcher to expand or collapse status bar on some specific pages for better user interface. 21. Run at startup Key Launcher runs as startup to provide users with launcher services. 22. Draw over other apps This permission allows Key Launcher to provide you function guidance, phone status dialog and shortcut functions on other apps. 23. Prevent device from sleeping This permission is only used to prevent the phone from going to sleep when you are playing videos in full screen mode. 24. Play install referrer API This permission allows Key Launcher to retrieve its install referrer information, track and measure our app installs easily and securely by Firebase. 25. Toggle sync on and off This permission allows Key Launcher to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off. 26. Find accounts on the device This permission is used to sync your personalization settings across multiple devices and auto-fill your email address in the feedback form when you send feedback to us. 27. android.intent.action.PACKAGE_ADDED & android.intent.action.PACKAGE_REMOVED & android.intent.action.PACKAGE_RESTARTED & android.intent.action.PACKAGE_REPLACED These permissions allow Key Launcher to know which app has been added, removed, restarted and replaced, so we can arrange the app icons and synchronize in time when you changed. Ⅵ. Changes to the Policy Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.Your continued use of our App or Services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes. The following is a list of the third-party monetization partners we currently use in our services and links to their privacy policies: Facebook, Inc. https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ MoPub https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/ Inmobi https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/ Smaato https://www.smaato.com/privacy/ AdCaffe https://ge.appcloudbox.net/adcaffe/AdCaffeAdChoice.html Ⅶ. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Policy, you can contact us at email: privacy.colorphonestudios@outlook.comPrivacy Policy Air Launcher (“Air Launcher” or “we") collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information. I. What information we use and how we use it: 1. Installed apps information The only purpose we upload the installed apps information is to access apps classification labels so that we can help you organize the installed apps into folders by categories automatically. We don't do it otherwise. 2. Take pictures and videos Flashlight is a useful feature in Air Launcher that uses your device’s camera flashlight and requires camera permission. Air Launcher will not take photos and videos by itself. 3. Find accounts on the device Air Launcher does not recognize or save users' account information for any programs. We use this permission to read email when you send feedback to us so that we can contact you when problem solved. 4. Precise location (GPS and network-based) and Approximate location (network-based) This permission allows Air Launcher to provide local weather information for users. We will never upload any users’ location information. 5. Read your contacts Air Launcher does not recognize or save users' contacts information for any programs. The only purpose using this permission is to help users search local contacts with search bar. We will never upload any users’ contacts information. 6. Read phone status and identity The only purpose using this permission is to identify different users. We don't do it otherwise. 7. Read the contents of your USB storage This permission allows users to view wallpapers stored on their SD card. 8. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage This permission allows users to delete wallpapers stored on their SD card. 9. Set wallpaper and adjust your wallpaper size This permission allows users to set a selected image as their wallpaper. 10. Control vibration This permission allows Air Launcher to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on. 11. Run at startup Air Launcher will run as startup to provide users with a launcher service. 12. Toggle sync on and off This permission allows Air Launcher to synchronize with the user's sync settings. 13. Read sync settings This permission allows Air Launcher to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off. 14. Read Home settings and shortcuts This permission is used to acquire the user’s Home settings and shortcuts, in order to maintain user preferences. 15. Retrieve running apps This permission is used in Boost in order to view the running apps. 16. Install shortcuts This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use Air Launcher related functions. 17. Pair with Bluetooth devices This permission is used in Air Launcher settings, in order to pair with Bluetooth devices. 18. Access Bluetooth settings This permission is used in Air Launcher settings, in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth. 19. Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi This permission is used in Air Launcher settings in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi. 20. Full network access andReceive data from Internet This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including downloading wallpapers and accessing app classification labels. 21. Change network connectivity This permission is used in Air Launcher settings and notification toolbar, in order to change network connectivity. 22. View network connections This permission is used in Air Launcher settings in order to view network connections. 23. View Wi-Fi connections This permission is used in Air Launcher settings in order to view Wi-Fi connections. 24. Control flashligt This permission is used to turn ON/OFF your device’s camera flashlight. 25. Prevent phone from sleeping The only purpose using this permission is to prevent the phone from going to sleep when you are playing videos in fullscreen mode, we don't do it otherwise. 26. Apply for notification access This access is used to display the number of unread messages in the form of badge on icon. We will never read the content of your messages or upload any users’ message information. 27. Accessibility This permission is used to close apps chosen by users with accessibility. This is only used to speed up user devices and no relative information will be uploaded. II. How we protect your information: We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. III. How we share your information: We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Please be advised that we may disclose your personal information if legally required to do so by government agencies, judicial courts or law enforcement bodies, or to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal. IV. Children's Privacy: We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. V. Changes to the Privacy Policy: Air Launcher may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically. Contact us If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please email us at feedback.launcher@gmail.comInMessage’s Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies beginning Jul 12, 2019. InMessage is an online dating app where you can chat and meet interesting people all over the world. Your privacy is a top priority to us and we appreciate that you put your trust in us. We are committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal information. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains how your information is collected, used and disclosed by InMessage with respect to your access and use of InMessage's services, whether through our websites, our mobile applications (InMessage) or in connection with social networking services (together referred to below as "InMessage" or the "Service”). By using or accessing our App or our Service, you agree to the privacy policies outlined below. Information We Collect Information you choose to give us When you interact with our services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us. This may include, but is not limited to, the following: When you create an InMessage account, you provide us with your login credentials and some basic details about you, such as a nickname you would like to go by, your gender and date of birth.When you complete your profile, you can share with us more details about your personality, lifestyle, interests, etc. In order to add photos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. When you add certain content to your profile, you choose to provide that information with us and you consent to our processing of that information. When you participate in surveys, you provide us with your opinions on our products and services, as well as responses to our questions.Of course, we also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services. Information collected when you use our services When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access those services. See below for more details: Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on our services. For example, we may collect information about:how you interact with our services, such as date and time you logged in, advertising that you click on and which filters you apply to Nearby.how you communicate with other InMessage users, such as the time and date of your chats, the number of messages you exchange with your friends and which friends you exchange messages with the most. Device information. We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services. For example, we collect: information about your hardware and software, such as the hardware model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, apps installed, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, battery level, and time zone.information from device sensors, such as accelerometers, gyroscopes, compasses, microphones, and whether you have headphones connected.information about your wireless and mobile network connections, such as your service provider and signal strength. What important permissions we request Camera and Photos. Many of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. For example, you won’t be able to upload photos from your camera roll to your profile unless we can access your camera or photos. Location Information. When you use our services we may collect information about your location. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses. Microphone. Microphone permission is only required for recording audio so that you can send audio messages to others. It needs access to your device's microphone and does not record audio for any harmful purposes. Information we receive from others In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including: Social Media. You may be able to use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) to create and log into your InMessage account. This saves you from having to remember yet another user name and password and allows you to share some information from your social media account with us. Additionally, you can link your InMessage account to multiple socia media accounts (such as an Instagram account) to share some information (such as your Instagram photos) with us. Third-Party SDKs from our Monetization Partners.Some of the third-party monetization SDKs integrated in our app may access your information for the purpose of ad optimization. Such information includes GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address. This Policy does not govern our third party monetization partners, as they have their own privacy policies which can be viewed on their websites. We have no access to or control over such third parties. However, we have a routine procedure to scan all third party SDKs to detect if they collect sensitive user information. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Google AdMob (monetization platform of Google LLC), DoubleClick Ad Exchange (monetization platform of Google LLC), DoubleClick for Publishers (monetization platform of Google LLC), Facebook Audience Network (monetization platform of Facebook, Inc.), MoPub (monetization platform of Twitter, Inc.), Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, etc. Third-Party Analytical Tools. Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purpose. These third-party SDKs may also collect your information such as GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address. This Policy does not govern our third party analytical tools. You can find their privacy policy on their websites. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Flurry (Oath Inc.), AppsFlyer (Appsflyer Inc.) and Firebase (analytical platform of Google LLC), etc. The information they provide to us is aggregated analytical data. How We Use Information The main reason we use your information is to develop, deliver and improve our products and services. Additionally, we use your information for the following reasons: create and manage your account.analyze your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections.monitor and analyze trends and usage.enhance the safety and security of our products and services.verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity.conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior to improve our services and content.process and complete your transactions.send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, our services; provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.comply with legal requirements and assist law enforcement.enforce our Terms of Service and other usage policies. To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases: Provide our service to you. Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service to build meaningful connections, we use your information to maintain your account and your profile, to make it viewable to other users and recommend other users to you. Legitimate interests. We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users’ behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings, we suggest offers we think might interest you, and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes. Consent. From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the address provided at the end of the Policy. How We Store Information For the information we collect, some is only stored on your device locally and some is stored safely in encrypted format in our servers located in AWS. We have strict policies to control access and usage of such data. How We Share Information We may share information about you in the following ways: With other InMessage users. We may share the following information with other InMessage users:information about you, such as your public profile information.information about how you have interacted with our services.content you post or send, such as your public album photos.any additional information you have directed us to share. With our affiliates. We may share information with entities within the Mobile Flame Ltd. family of companies. With third parties for legal reasons. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations.protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others.detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.How Long We Keep Your Information We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account or after two years of continuous inactivity. You can delete your account at any time in the app settings, and your account will not be visible on the services anymore. However, in order to protect your safety and prevent fraud, we may retain your account information for three months. Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out deletion practices according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that deletion will occur within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints. Control over Your Information We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools: Revoking permissions. If you let us use your information, you can always change your mind and simply revoke your permission by changing the settings on your device if your device offers those options. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality. Accessing / Updating your information. You can access, update or delete your profile information in the app. You can also request a copy of your personal information by sending us emails. However, for your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests and we may reject requests for certain reasons. Deletion. You can delete your InMessage account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service or sending us emails. Uninstall. You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities. How We Protect Your Information We work hard to protect you personal information. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures. We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. However, as with all technology companies, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. Children Our services are not intended for anyone under the age of 18. We don’t knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If we learn that anyone under the age of 18 has registered and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration and delete their profile information from InMessage. California Privacy Notice Last Updated December 27, 2019 Effective: January 1, 2020 This California Privacy Notice ("Notice") is for California residents and supplements our Privacy Policy. It explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). We Don't Sell Your Data We do not sell your Personal Information, and never will. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information for business purposes to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. Your rights under the CCPA For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the following requests. 1. Right to know what personal information we collect. You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we've collected about you. We provide this information in our Privacy Policy, but you can also get this information by contacting us by email in the privacy policy. 2. Right to deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your data by contacting us by email in the privacy policy. 3. Non-Discrimination. You have the right to be free from any discrimination for exercising your rights to access or delete your Personal Information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. Changes to the Policy Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We (Mobile Flame Ltd.) may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting them on InMessage or by other notification, and we will indicate when such changes will become effective.By continuing to access or use InMessage after those changes become effective, you are agreeing to have your information collected, used and disclosed as described in the modified Policy. Our Partners The following is a list of the third-party monetization partners we currently use in our services and links to their privacy policies: Facebook, Inc. https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers. https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ AppLovin Corporation. https://www.applovin.com/privacy MoPub. https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/ AdCaffe. https://ge.appcloudbox.net/adcaffe/AdCaffeAdChoice.html Contact Us If you have any questions about this Policy, you can contact us through email: contact.inmessage@gmail.com