Apple Customer Privacy Policy Apple is committed to your privacy. Read our customer Privacy Policy for a clear explanation of how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. To access and manage your Apple data please visit Manage your Apple account . For corrections or general enquiries, please Contact Privacy . JavaScript is required to view this content. Something went wrong. The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again. Choose a Topic Privacy Policy Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure Privacy Governance Government Information Requests Manage Your Account Apple Footer Apple Legal Privacy Policy Hardware and Software Hardware and Software More Resources More Resources Overview Sales & Support Sales & Support Overview Internet Services Internet Services Overview Intellectual Property Intellectual Property Overview Education Education Enterprise Enterprise Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.Discover everyday privacy protections. Passkeys. Simple. Secure. So not a password Lock Hidden Albums. Keep Hiddenand RecentlyDeleted photosprivate. Safety Check. Take control in times of crisis. App Tracking Transparency. Decide whichapps areallowed to track track you. Mail Privacy Protection.Read Read, delete,and reply with peaceof mind. Our apps mind their business. Not yours. Safari throws trackers off your trail. Health keeps your records under wraps. Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy. Maps makes your location history, history. Photos lets you choose who has the full picture. Messages are only seen by who you send them to. Siri learns what you need. Not who you are. Apple News leaves what you read off the record. App Store shows you what’s in store for your data. Get the latest on privacy. A Day in the Life of an Average Person’s Data. Built-in privacy features on iPhone help keep you in control of your data. Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy. Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone. Join a free session Protect your data from malware. Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware. View (PDF) Take charge of how apps use your data. Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested. View (PDF) Learn about App Tracking Transparency on iPhone. A simple feature that puts your data back in your control. Learn more about privacy at Apple. Review privacy features Control what you share See how apps from Apple handle your data Apple Footer Apple Privacy Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Account Account Entertainment Entertainment Apple Store Apple Store For Business For Business For Education For Education For Healthcare For Healthcare For Government For Government Apple Values Apple Values About Apple About Apple Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Passkeys A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done. New Lock Hidden Albums Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode. New Safety Check Safety Check is a new section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to. New App Tracking Transparency Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings. Mail Privacy Protection Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email. Safari Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar. Advertisers can also create a “fingerprint” of your device to target you based on characteristics like your browser configuration, and fonts and plug-ins you’ve installed. To help prevent this, Safari has built-in fingerprinting defense, which shares a simplified system profile with websites you visit. Making it even more difficult for data companies to identify you. Health From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it. When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system. All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data. Wallet and Apple Pay What you buy, where you bought it, and how much you paid is sensitive information. Apple doesn’t store, sell, or use any of that information.Apple doesn’t store your credit or debit card numbers or share them with merchants. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is created every time you add a card to Apple Pay. And with Apple Card, your spending history is generated right on your iPhone, so Apple doesn’t have it. Maps Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple ID at all. Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing. Photos Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories. Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library. Messages From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices. Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device. Siri Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple ID to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine. When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri. Apple News Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple ID. You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into. App Store Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple. When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers. Go further. There’s even more to iPhone. Join a free session Explore iPhone