This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.. We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again. Security Privacy Shield The security of your data and your customers' data is incredibly important to us. Check this page for ongoing updates. Applicaster, Inc. (“ Applicaster ”, “ We ” or “ Our ”) has certified with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield with respect to the Personal Data (defined below) that We receive from the Customers (defined below) or from Applicaster Ltd. (“ Applicaster Ltd. ”) or from Applicaster UK Ltd. (“ Applicaster UK ”) . Applicaster complies with the principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“ Privacy Shield ”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland (as applicable) to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Applicaster has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles and Our Privacy Shield certification, when approved, will be available at: https://www.applicaster.com/security respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Shield Notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome . DEFINITIONS . “ Customer(s) ” means prospective, current, or former customers, or clients of Applicaster and/or Applicaster Ltd. and/or Applicaster UK. “ Employee(s) ” means prospective, current and former employees and job applicants of Applicaster and/or Applicaster Ltd. and/or Applicaster UK who is located in EU and/or Swiss. “ Personal Data ” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. “ Processing ” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. SCOPE . Applicaster’s participation in the Privacy Shield applies to the Personal Data subject to EU and Swiss data protection law that (i) Applicaster receives from Customers’ end users and/or Applicaster Ltd. and/or Applicaster UK (ii) Applicaster collects and/or Processes on behalf of Customers through and/or in the context of the Service or the contracts executed with Customers and/or Applicaster Ltd. and/or Applicaster UK. PURPOSES OF DATA PROCESSING . Non-HR data Applicaster is a supplier of software-as-a-service (SaaS) suite of products, enabling its Customers to create, launch and manage superior end-user experiences on their customized software applications (the “ Service ”) In order to perform the Service, we, Applicaster, Inc. may use Personal Data, namely, for the purpose of marketing and customer database for contact information . Applicaster will Process the Personal Data it receives as described in Section 2 from its Customers, Customers' end users and/or Applicaster Ltd. and/or Applicaster UK, for the purposes of offering and/or providing the Service to Customers. To fulfill these purposes, We may, without limitation, use the Personal Data to contact data subjects, to discuss or execute contracts, to provide the Service, to provide support and maintenance, to correct and address technical or service problems, for marketing purposes, to comply with applicable laws, regulations and orders from public authorities or courts, and/or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure s. HR data Applicaster receives information from Applicaster and/or Applicaster Ltd.and/or Applicaster UK concerning Employees. The purposes for which Applicaster collects and uses Employees Personal Data to assess you as a candidate, and once you are an Employee for compensation, payroll, and benefit planning and administration (e.g. salary, tax withholding, tax equalization, awards, insurance and pension), workforce development, education, training, performance management, problem resolution (e.g., internal reviews, grievances), internal investigations, auditing, compliance, risk management and security purposes, Employee communications and as required or expressly authorized by laws or regulations applicable to Applicaster’s business or by government agencies that oversee or regulate our business. As an employee of Applicaster, your personal data may be forwarded internally to your managers, other business units or divisions, and any of the various corporate functions. Your Personal Data may also be shared with various third parties and third-party agents in the normal course of business. As an employee of Applicaster and/or Applicaster Ltd. and/or Applicaster UK, you may have rights to access and/or limit disclosures of certain types of personal data. For any questions directly related to this please contact privacy@applicaster.com ONWARD TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA . Subject to Section 6 below, We will not transfer Personal Data originating in the EU and/or Switzerland to third parties unless such third parties have entered into an agreement in writing with us requiring them to provide at least the same level of protection to the Personal Data as required by the Principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework . We may transfer Personal Data to processors, service providers, vendors, contractors, partners and agents (collectively “ Processors ”) who need the information in order to provide services to or perform activities on Our behalf. In cases of onward transfer to third parties of Personal Data received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Applicaster is potentially liable. The abovementioned Processors and the description of the services that they provide and/or the activities that they perform are set out in the table below: Service/Activity Cloud Service Provider Cloud Based Customer Support Services Cloud Based Push Notification Services Cloud Based Error Tracking Service Cloud Based Customer Success Platform st Level Technical Support Manpower Management Customer Management Leads and Marketing Management RIGHT TO ACCESS, CHANGE OR DELETE PERSONAL DATA. Data subjects have the right to access Personal Data about them, and in some cases to limit use and disclosure of their Personal Data. If you would like to request access to the Personal Data We have processed on behalf of one of the Customers, please contact privacy@applicaster.com and provide your name, contact information and observe the required formalities under applicable law. REQUIREMENT TO DISCLOSE. Applicaster may be required in certain circumstances to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by courts or public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirement. PRIVACY SHIELD INDEPENDENT RECOURSE MECHANISM. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Applicaster commits to resolve complaints about Our collection or use of your Personal Data. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding Our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Applicaster at: privacy@applicaster.com or by postal mail sent to: Applicaster Inc. Attn: Privacy Shield Inquiry 1410 Broadway Suite 340 New York, NY 10018 USA Applicaster has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles to JAMS, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States to assist with the complaint resolution process. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information and to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Applicaster has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles an alternative dispute resolution provider, the United States Council for International Business (USCIB). If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your privacy related complaint, or if your privacy complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, or if your compliant concerns human resource data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship, you can contact the USCIB for further information. Please visit https://www.uscib.org/dispute-resolution-ud-835/ for more information and to file a complaint.Applicaster further commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship. Data Subjects with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Shield Notice we recommend first to contact Applicaster at: privacy@applicaster.com U.S. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ENFORCEMENT. Applicaster is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to ensure compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles outlined in this notice. ARBITRATION. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint , you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Privacy Policy This privacy policy (“ Privacy Policy ”) governs how we, Applicaster Ltd. (together, “ Applicaster ” “ we ”, “ our ” or “ us ”) use, collect and store Personal Data we collect or receive from or about you (“ User ”, “ you ”) such as in the following use cases: When you browse or visit our website, https://www.applicaster.com/ (“ Website ”);When you make use of, or interact with, our Website When you request a free demoWhen you download a whitepaper and/or the rulebook and/or e-guideWhen you subscribe to the email list / newsletters / blogWhen we process your job applicationWhen you contact us (e.g. customer support, help, submit a request) When you make use of, or interact with our Platform Zapp When you sign up for an account, login, purchase and manage our servicesWhen you create an administrator user for use of the PlatformWhen your administrator user creates more non-admin users for use of the Platform When you attend a marketing event and provide Personal DataWhen you exchange business cards with usWhen we acquire your Personal Data from third-party sources (such as lead-generation companies) When we use the Personal Data of our service providersWhen we use the Personal Data of our customersWhen you interact with us on our social media profiles (e.g., Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram) We greatly respect your privacy, which is why we make every effort to provide a platform that would live up to the highest of user privacy standards. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, so you can fully understand our practices in relation to Personal Data. “ Personal Data ” means any information that can be used, alone or together with other data, to uniquely identify any living human being. Please note that this is a master privacy policy and some of its provisions only apply to individuals in certain jurisdictions. For example, the legal basis in the table below is only relevant for GDPR-protected individuals. Important note: Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit in any way your statutory right, including your rights to a remedy or means of enforcement. Table of contents What information we collect, why we collect it, and how it is usedPeriod of storage of collected informationHow we protect and store your personal dataHow we share your personal dataAdditional information regarding transfers of personal dataYour privacy rights. How to delete your account.Use by childrenLinks to and interaction with third party productLog filesAnalytic toolsCalifornia privacy rightsOur California do not track notice Deletion of content from California residentsContact us This Privacy Policy can be updated from time to time and therefore we ask you to check back periodically for the latest version of the Privacy Policy, as indicated below. If there will be any significant changes made to the use of your Personal Data in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or by other means. Applicaster provides a SaaS based media app lifecycle management platform to build, distribute and manage front end digital properties. For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, a " Customer " is an entity which has executed an agreement with Applicaster. If you are an individual (including, without limitation a Customer employee), using Applicaster's services as a result of our relationship with Customer (" Individual(s) "), please note that the Customer is the responsible party for obtaining the required consents and complying with any applicable laws or regulations. 1. What Information We Collect, Why We Collect it, and How it is Used Data we collect Why is the data collected and for what purposes?Legal basis (GDPR only) Third parties with whom we share your data Consequences of not providing the data When you browse or visit our Website Cookies, analytic tools and log files Please read more on our cookies policy www.applicaster.com/security To track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our WebsiteTo understand the total number of visitors to our Website on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers and operating systemsTo monitor the performance of our Website and to continually improve itTo customize and enhance online experience Consent Legitimate interest (e.g. essential cookies) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (website hosting and cookies)Lead Lander (reports) Cannot track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Website Cannot understand the total number of visitors to our Website on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers and operating systems Cannot monitor the performance of our Website and to continually improve it Cannot customize and enhance online experience When you make use of, or interact with, our Website When you request a free Demo Full NameCountryEmail addressCompany NameAny other information that you decide to provide and/or supply us To provide a free demo Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Legitimate interest (e.g. to provide a demo) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software)Gmail (email) Cannot provide a free demo Full NameEmail address To send newsletters or other marketing communications Legitimate interest (e.g., to send you more information about our products and services) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot send marketing communications When you download a whitepaper and/or the rulebook and/or e-guide Full nameEmail addressCompanyCountryRole To download the whitepaper and/or the rulebook and/or e-guide Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Legitimate interest (e.g. to download the guides) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot download the whitepaper and/or the rulebook and/or e-guide Full nameEmail address To send newsletters or other marketing communications Legitimate interest (e.g., to send you more information about our products and services) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot send marketing communications When you sign up for our newsletters / email list / blog Full NameEmail address To add you to our mailing listTo send newsletters or other marketing communications Consent Legitimate interest (e.g. send you more information about Applicaster) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot add you to our mailing list Cannot send you marketing communications When we process your job application Full nameEmail addressPhone numberCV / resumeLinkedIn profileAny other information that you decide to provide and/or supply us To process your job applicationTo assess the candidate Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Legitimate interest (e.g. to assess a candidate) 3 rd party platforms such as: Comeet (HR management tool) Cannot process your job application Cannot assess your suitability as a candidate When you contact us (e.g. customer support, help, submit a request) Full NameCountryEmail addressCompany NameMessageAny other information that you decide to provide and/or supply us To process and answer questionsTo provide support (e.g., to solve problems, bugs or issues)To customize your experience Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract Legitimate interest (e.g.respond to a query sent by you) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot process and answer questions Cannot provide support Cannot customize your experience Full NameEmail address To send newsletters or other marketing communications Legitimate interest (e.g., to send you more information about our products and services) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot send you marketing communications When you make use of, or interact with, our Platform When you sign up for an account, login and purchase our services Full nameEmail addressCompany addressCompany nameJob positionPhone numberUser namePasswordPayment methodsAny other data you decide to provide/supply To create an accountTo fulfill your requests for products and/or services and for related activities (e.g., product and service, account management, support and to provide other services related to your relationship with)To perform/execute the agreement To grant you access to the services (our Platform) If you are an Individual (as defined above), please note that our Customer is legally responsible for the collection, transfer and use of your personal data. Applicaster is providing a service on behalf of the Customer, so you should contact the Customer for any privacy-related questions. Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.Legitimate interest (e.g. sign up to the service). 3 rd party platforms such as: ClientSuccess (customer management software)HubSpot (marketing software)Heroku (cloud services)AWS (cloud services) Cannot create an account Cannot fulfill your request for products and/or services Cannot perform the agreement Cannot grant you access to the services When you create an administrator user for use of the Platform Full nameEmail addressPhone numberUser namePasswordIP addressUser IDAny other data you decide to provide/supply To create an administrator user for your use of the PlatformTo perform/execute the agreementTo grant you and your admin users access to the services (our Platform)To send you e-mail notifications related to the Platform.To manage your everyday business needs (i.e., website administration) If you are an Individual (as defined above), please note that our Customer is legally responsible for the collection, transfer and use of your personal data. Applicaster is providing a service on behalf of the Customer, so you should contact the Customer for any privacy-related questions. Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Legitimate interest (e.g. to create admin-users). 3 rd party platforms such as: ClientSuccess (customer management software)HubSpot (marketing software)Heroku (cloud services)AWS (cloud services) Cannot create administrator users Cannot perform/execute the agreement Cannot grant you and the admin user access to the Platform Cannot send you emails notifications related to the Platform Cannot manage your everyday business needs When your administrator user creates more non-admin users for use of the Platform Full nameEmail addressPhone numberUser namePasswordIP addressUser IDAny other data you decide to provide/supply To create users for the use of the PlatformTo fulfill your requests for services and for related activitiesTo perform/execute the agreementTo grant you, your admin users, and users access to the services (our Platform) If you are an Individual (as defined above), please note that our Customer is legally responsible for the collection, transfer and use of your personal data. Applicaster is providing a service on behalf of the Customer, so you should contact the Customer for any privacy-related questions. Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Legitimate interest (e.g. to create users). 3 rd party platforms such as: ClientSuccess (customer management software)HubSpot (marketing software)Heroku (cloud services)AWS (cloud services) Cannot create users for your use of the Platform Cannot fulfill your request for the services Cannot perform/execute the agreement Cannot grant you and the admin user access to the Platform When you attend a marketing event and provide Personal Data Full nameEmail addressCompany nameJob positionAny other data you decide to provide/supply To establish a business connectionTo send marketing information Consent Legitimate interest (e.g.send you more information about Applicaster) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot establish a business connection Cannot send marketing communications When you exchange business cards with us Full nameEmail addressCompany nameJob positionAny other data you decide to provide/supply To establish a business connectionTo send marketing information Consent Legitimate interest (e.g. send you more information about Applicaster) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot establish a business connection Cannot send marketing communications When we acquire your Personal Data from third-party sources (such as lead-generation companies) Email addressCompany nameJob position To establish a business connectionTo send marketing information Depending on the context, legitimate interest (B2B marketing), pre-contractual discussions or consent 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot establish a business connection Cannot send marketing communications When we use the Personal Data of our service providers and suppliers Full nameEmail addressCompany nameJob positionPhone numberAny other data you decide to provide/supply To contact our service providers and suppliersTo perform the applicable agreement Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Legitimate interest (e.g. perform the contract, send contract-related communications) 3 rd party platforms such as: Priority (business management software) Cannot communicate with you Cannot perform the applicable agreement When we use the Personal Data of our customers Full nameEmail addressCompany nameJob positionPhone numberAny other data you decide to provide/supply To provide our products and servicesTo perform the applicable agreement Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which our customer is a party. Compliance with a legal obligation (e.g. tax laws, bookkeeping laws, etc.). Legitimate interest (e.g. send you contract-related communications) 3rd party platforms such as: Priority (business management software) Cannot provide the services and/or our products Cannot perform the agreement Cannot communicate with you When you interact with us on our social media profiles (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn) Full nameEmail addressCompany nameJob positionAny other data you decide to provide/supply To reply and/or respond to your request or questionTo establish a first business connection/discussion Consent Legitimate interest (e.g. send you more information about Applicaster) 3 rd party platforms such as: HubSpot (marketing software) Cannot reply or respond to your request Cannot establish a business connection Finally, please note that some of the abovementioned personal data will be used for fraud detection and prevention, and for security purposes. The abovementioned personal data may also be used to comply with applicable laws, with investigations performed by the relevant authorities, law enforcement purposes, and/or to exercise or defend legal claims. In certain cases, we may or will anonymize your personal data. “Anonymous Information” means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our services. We may use Anonymous Information and/or disclose it to third parties without restrictions (for example, in order to improve our services and enhance your experience with them). 2. PERIOD OF STORAGE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION Personal Data . Your Personal Data (as described above) will be stored until we no longer need the information and proactively delete it or you send a valid deletion request. Please note that we may retain it for a longer or shorter period in accordance with data retention laws. We have an internal data retention policy to ensure that we do not retain your Personal Data perpetually. Cookies . This depends on the cookie in question. Some cookies (e.g. essential cookies) cannot be disabled. You may also control and delete these cookies through your browser settings. Read more in our cookie policy at www.applicaster.com/security 3. HOW WE PROTECT AND STORE YOUR INFORMATION Security . We have implemented appropriate technical, organizational and security measures designed to protect your personal data. However, please note that we cannot guarantee that the information will not be compromised as a result of unauthorized penetration to our servers. As the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer, device or network you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect your user IDs and passwords, please make sure to take appropriate measures to protect this information.Retention of your personal data . In addition to the retention periods mentioned above, in some circumstances we may store your personal data for longer periods of time, for example (i) where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, or (ii) for us to have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or (iii) if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your personal data or dealings. We have an internal data retention policy to ensure that we do not retain your personal data perpetually. Regarding retention of cookies, you can read more in our cookie policy www.applicaster.com/security 4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA To the extent necessary, with regulators, courts or competent authorities, to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules (including, without limitation, federal, state or local laws), and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies or if required to do so by court order; If, in the future, we sell or transfer, or we consider selling or transferring, some or all of our business, shares or assets to a third party, we will disclose your personal data to such third party (whether actual or potential) in connection with the foregoing events; In the event that we are acquired by, or merged with, a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer, disclose or assign your personal data in connection with the foregoing events; and/or Where you have provided your consent to us sharing or transferring your personal data (e.g., where you provide us with marketing consents or opt-in to optional additional services or functionality). If you want to receive the list of the current recipients of your personal data, please make your request by contacting us to privacy@applicaster.com . 5. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA Storage : Dropbox, AWS, Priority, HubSpot, Google Drive - all located in the US Access from Israel: Access from Israel is covered by the European Commission’s Adequacy Decision regarding Israel. You can read more here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en Access form US: Access from US is covered by the Privacy Shield Certification: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt00000008Ul1AAE&status=Active Access from UK : UK is a country that under the GDPR the transfers are not restricted, therefore, no additional mechanisms are required. Internal transfers : We ensure transfers within the Applicaster group will be covered by an agreement entered into by members of the Applicaster Group (an intra-group agreement) which contractually obliges each member to ensure that Personal Data receives an adequate and consistent level of protection wherever it is transferred to. External transfers Where we transfer your Personal Data outside of EU/EEA, for example to third parties who help provide our products and services, we will obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your Personal Data.Some of these assurances are well recognized certification schemes like the EU - US Privacy Shield for the protection of Personal Data transferred from within the EU to the United States.Where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Data is disclosed. 6. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS. HOW TO DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT a. The following rights (which may be subject to certain exemptions or derogations) shall apply to certain individuals (some of which only apply to individuals protected by the GDPR): You have a right to access personal data held about you. Your right of access may normally be exercised free of charge, however we reserve the right to charge an appropriate administrative fee where permitted by applicable law; You have the right to request that we rectify any personal data we hold that is inaccurate or misleading; You have the right to request the erasure/deletion of your personal data (e.g. from our records). Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are required to retain your personal data, for example for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; You have the right to object, to or to request restriction, of the processing; You have the right to data portability. This means that you may have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and that you have the right to transmit that data to another controller; You have the right to object to profiling; You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to continue processing your data, in particular if the processing is required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. Also, please note that the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal; You also have a right to request certain details of the basis on which your personal data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, but data transfer agreements and/or other details may need to be partially redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality; You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority (i.e., your place of habitual residence, place or work or place of alleged infringement) at any time or before the relevant institutions in your place of residence. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before you contact your local supervisory authority and/or relevant institution. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at privacy@applicaster.com. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honor your request promptly in accordance with applicable law or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request. When processing your request, we may ask you for additional information to confirm or verify your identity and for security purposes, before processing and/or honoring your request. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In the event that your request would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others (for example, would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others) or if we are legally entitled to deal with your request in a different way than initial requested, we will address your request to the maximum extent possible, all in accordance with applicable law. b. Deleting your account : Should you ever decide to delete your account, you may do so by emailing privacy@applicaster.com. If you terminate your account, any association between your account and personal data we store will no longer be accessible through your account. However, given the nature of sharing on certain services, any public activity on your account prior to deletion will remain stored on our servers and will remain accessible to the public. 7. USE BY CHILDREN We do not offer our products or services for use by children and, therefore, we do not knowingly collect personal data from, and/or about children under the age of eighteen (18). If you are under the age of eighteen (18), do not provide any personal data to us without involvement of a parent or a guardian. For the purposes of the GDPR, we do not intend to offer information society services directly to children . In the event that we become aware that you provide personal data in violation of applicable privacy laws, we reserve the right to delete it. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact us at privacy@applicaster.com . 8. LINKS TO AND INTERACTION WITH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS We enable you to interact with third party websites, mobile software applications and products or services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “ Third Party Service ”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Third Party Services. Please be aware that Third Party Services can collect Personal Data from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of each Third Party Service. 9. LOG FILES We make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Website, track users’ movement around the Website, and gather demographic information. 10. ANALYTIC TOOLS Google Analytics . The Website uses a tool called “ Google Analytics ” to collect information about use of the Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other websites they used prior to coming to this Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to maintain and improve the Website and our products. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service, available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html/ , and the Google Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ . 11. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@applicaster.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year. 12. OUR CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK NOTICE We collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses the Website. We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses the Website. 13. DELETION OF CONTENT FROM CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to remove content or Personal Data you have publicly posted. To remove, please send an email to privacy@applicaster.com. Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore removed content. In addition, such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or Personal Data you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to enable removal of content. 14. CONTACT US You can always limit the information you provide to Applicaster. You can also limit the communications that Applicaster sends to you. To opt-out of commercial emails, simply click the link labeled “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any email we send you. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this notice and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us at privacy@applicaster.com. Terms of Use Welcome to (together with its subdomains, Content, Marks and services, the “ Site ”). Please read the following Terms of Use carefully before using this Site so that you are aware of your legal rights and obligations with respect to Applicaster Ltd. (" Applicaster ", " we ", " our " or " us "). By accessing or using the Site, you expressly acknowledge and agree that you are entering a legal agreement with us and have understood and agree to comply with, and be legally bound by, these Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy (collectively, the " Terms "). You hereby waive any applicable rights to require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent not prohibited under applicable law. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms please do not access or use the Site. Background. Thank you for visiting the Site. The Site is intended to provide general information regarding Applicaster, its products and services. Modification. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change these Terms at any time. Such change will be effective following posting of the revised Terms on the Site, and your continued use of the Site thereafter means that you accept those changes. Additional Terms. Certain elements of the Site or other services or programs offered by Applicaster may have different terms and conditions (the “ Additional Terms ”) in order to use or access them. If there is a conflict between these Terms and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will prevail. Ability to Accept Terms. The Site is only intended for individuals aged thirteen (13) years or older. If you are under 13 years, please do not visit or use the Site. If you are between 13 and 18 years of age, then you must review these Terms with your parent or guardian before visiting or using the Site to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand these Terms and agree to them. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of children under 18 years of age when using the Site. Applicaster recommends that parents and guardians familiarize themselves with parental controls on devices they provide their child. Site Access.For such time as these Terms are in effect, we hereby grant you permission to visit and use the Site provided that you comply with these Terms and applicable law. Restrictions. You shall not: (i) copy, distribute or modify any part of the Site without our prior written authorization; (ii) use, modify, create derivative works of, transfer (by sale, resale, license, sublicense, download or otherwise), reproduce, distribute, display or disclose Content (defined below), except as expressly authorized herein; (iii) disrupt servers or networks connected to the Site; (iv) use or launch any automated system (including without limitation, "robots" and "spiders") to access the Site; and/or (v) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or that enforce limitations on use of the Site. Privacy. You agree that we can use any personally identifiable information we collect or obtain from you in connection with the Site for the purposes specified in our Privacy Policy. Please see Applicaster's Privacy policy available at https://www.applicaster.com/security (” Privacy Policy ”), for further details on how information may be gathered and used by Applicaster. Intellectual Property Rights. Content and Marks . The (i) content on the Site, including without limitation, the text, documents, articles, brochures, descriptions, products, software, graphics, photos, sounds, videos, interactive features, and services (collectively, the " Materials "), (ii) and User Submissions, as defined below (together with the Materials, the " Content "), and (iii) the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (" Marks "), are the property of Applicaster and/or its licensors and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. As between the parties, “Applicaster”, the Applicaster logo, and other marks are Marks of Applicaster or its affiliates. We reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the Site and the Content. Use of Content . Content on the Site is provided to you for your information and personal use only and may not be used, modified, copied, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, de-compiled, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without our prior written consent. If you download or print a copy of the Content you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. User Submissions. Responsibility . The Site may permit the submission, hosting, sharing and publishing of Content by you and other users (" User Submissions "). You understand that whether or not such User Submissions are published, we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Submissions. You shall be solely responsible for your User Submissions and the consequences of posting, publishing or uploading them. We have complete discretion whether to publish your User Submissions and we reserve the right in our sole discretion and without further notice to you, to monitor, censor, edit, remove, delete, and/or remove any and all Content posted on the Site (including User Submissions) at any time and for any reason. Ownership . You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary rights and permissions to use and authorize Applicaster to use all Intellectual Property Rights (defined below) in and to your User Submissions, and to enable inclusion and use thereof as contemplated by the Site and these Terms. " Intellectual Property Rights " means any and all rights, titles and interests, whether foreign or domestic, in and to any and all trade secrets, patents, copyrights, service marks, trademarks, know-how, or similar intellectual property rights, as well as any and all moral rights, rights of privacy, publicity and similar rights of any type under the laws or regulations of any governmental, regulatory, or judicial authority, foreign or domestic. You retain all of your ownership rights in and to your User Submissions. License to User Submissions . By submitting the User Submissions to Applicaster, you hereby grant Applicaster a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Submissions in connection with the Site and Applicaster's business, including without limitation for publishing and redistributing part or all of your User Submissions (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels and, and you hereby waive any moral rights in your User Submissions, to the extent permitted by law.You also hereby grant each user of the Site or other viewer or user of the User Submission a non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions, all in accordance with these Terms. Prohibited Content . You agree that you will not display, post, submit, publish, upload or transmit a User Submission that: (i) is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any jurisdiction; (ii) is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights; (iii) creates a risk to a person’s safety or health, creates a risk to public safety or health, compromises national security, or interferes with an investigation by law enforcement; (iv) impersonates another person; (v) promotes illegal drugs, violates export control laws, relates to illegal gambling, or illegal arms trafficking; (vi) is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, or is inappropriate; (vii) involves theft or terrorism; or (viii) is otherwise malicious or fraudulent. Exposure . You understand and acknowledge that when accessing and using the Site: (i) you will be exposed to User Submissions from a variety of sources, and that Applicaster is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or Intellectual Property Rights of, or relating to, such User Submissions; and (ii) you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You hereby agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against Applicaster with respect to (i) and (ii) herein. Spam . You agree not to, and will not, use the communications systems provided by the Site to send unauthorized commercial communications and you shall be solely responsible and liable for any such unauthorized communications. Information Description. We attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, we cannot and do not warrant that the Content available on the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. We reserve the right to make changes in or to the Content, or any part thereof, in our sole judgment, without the requirement of giving any notice prior to or after making such changes to the Content. Your use of the Content, or any part thereof, is made solely at your own risk and responsibility. Links. The Site may contain links, and may enable you to post content, to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Applicaster. We are not affiliated with, have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of, any third party websites. You: (i) are solely responsible and liable for your use of and linking to third party websites and any content that you may send or post to a third party website; and (ii) expressly release Applicaster from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website that you may choose to visit. Applicaster permits you to link to the Site provided that: (i) you link to but do not replicate any page on this Site; (ii) the hyperlink text shall accurately describe the Content as it appears on the Site; (iii) you shall not misrepresent your relationship with Applicaster or present any false information about Applicaster and shall not imply in any way that we are endorsing any services or products, unless we have given you our express prior consent; (iv) you shall not link from a website (" Third Party Website ") which prohibits linking to third parties; (v) such Third party Website does not contain content that (a) is offensive or controversial (both at our discretion), or (b) infringes any intellectual property, privacy rights, or other rights of any person or entity; and/or (vi) you, and your website, comply with these Terms and applicable law. Warranty Disclaimers. This section applies whether or not the services provided under the Site are for payment. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so to that extent certain exclusions set forth herein may not apply. THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. APPLICASTER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. APPLICASTER DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF BUGS, SECURITY BREACHES, OR VIRUS ATTACKS.THE SITE MAY OCCASIONALLY BE UNAVAILABLE FOR ROUTINE MAINTENANCE, UPGRADING, OR OTHER REASONS. YOU AGREE THAT APPLICASTER WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY THAT MAY RESULT FROM TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OF THE INTERNET, SLOW CONNECTIONS, TRAFFIC CONGESTION OR OVERLOAD OF OUR OR OTHER SERVERS. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE OR GUARANTEE ANY CONTENT, PRODUCT, OR SERVICE THAT IS FEATURED OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE BY A THIRD PARTY. APPLICASTER DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE OR GUARANTEE ANY CONTENT THAT APPEARS IN A USER SUBMISSION, AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO, AND DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY SUCH CONTENT. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT APPLICASTER SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER SUBMISSIONS OR CONDUCT (INCLUDING DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, ILLEGAL, OR NEGLIGENT CONDUCT) OF ANY SITE USER AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.YOUR RELIANCE ON, OR USE OF, ANY USER SUBMISSION, OR INTERACTION WITH ANY SITE USER OR OWNER, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IF YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH ANY SITE USER OR OWNER IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY USER SUBMISSION, YOU AGREE THAT APPLICASTER IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH SUCH A DISPUTE. APPLICASTER RESERVES THE RIGHT, BUT HAS NO OBLIGATION, TO MONITOR ANY SUCH DISPUTE. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, APPLICASTER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS OR REPUTATION, ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, EVEN IF APPLICASTER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF APPLICASTER FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES, IF ANY, PAID BY YOU TO APPLICASTER FOR USING THE SITE DURING THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRIOR TO BRINGING THE CLAIM. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION THAT YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Applicaster and our affiliates, and our respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of, or inability to use, the Site; (ii) your User Submissions; (iii) your interaction with any Site user; or (iv) your violation of these Terms. Term and Termination. These Terms are effective until terminated by Applicaster or you. Applicaster, in its sole discretion, has the right to terminate these Terms and/or your access to the Site, or any part thereof, immediately at any time and with or without cause (including, without any limitation, for a breach of these Terms). Applicaster shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination of the Site, or any part thereof. If you object to any term or condition of these Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Site in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the Site. Upon termination of these Terms, you shall cease all use of the Site. This Section 16 and Sections 7 (Privacy), 8 (Intellectual Property Rights), 9.3 (License to User Submissions), 13 (Warranty Disclaimers), 14 (Limitation of Liability), 15 (Indemnity), and 17 (Independent Contractors) to 22 (General) shall survive termination of these Terms. Independent Contractors. You and Applicaster are independent contractors. Nothing in these Terms creates a partnership, joint venture, agency, or employment relationship between you and Applicaster. You must not under any circumstances make, or undertake, any warranties, representations, commitments or obligations on behalf of Applicaster. Assignment. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you but may be assigned by Applicaster without restriction or notification to you. Any prohibited assignment shall be null and void. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. Any dispute or claim in connection with these Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, without reference to its conflict of laws rules.The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for all disputes between you and Applicaster relating to these Terms shall be the courts located in Tel Aviv-Yaffo, and each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts; provided that Applicaster may seek injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is excluded from these Terms. General. These Terms shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Applicaster concerning the Site. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and a party's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Contact Information. If you have any questions or concerns about the Terms for this Site or their implementation, you may contact Applicaster at hello@applicaster.com . Last updated: May 2018 Security Documentation At Applicaster, our customer’s security is a top priority. We constantly invest in securing our customers’ data, eliminating vulnerabilities and ensuring high availability. Overview Applicaster employs industry standard technologies and practices to secure your data from unauthorized access, disclosure or data loss. Our security & operation teams work together to ensure our product is always available for use and always safe from misuse. As part of the Applicaster’s focus on security we perform the following on regular basis: Monitoring and analyzing the infrastructure for suspicious activity and potential threats. Performing internal reviews. Updating our security model and to address new threats. Systematically examining our security risks, threats and vulnerabilities. Designing and implementing a coherent and comprehensive suite of information security controls and/or other forms of risk treatment (such as risk avoidance or risk transfer) to address the risks that are deemed unacceptable. Adopting an overarching management process to ensure that the information security controls continue to meet the organization's evolving information security needs. Physical Access Control The Applicaster platform is hosted on AWS . AWS data centers feature the highest standard of security and compliance as detailed in https://aws.amazon.com/security/ and https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/ . The physical security controls are constructed in such a way as to eliminate the effect of single points of failure and retain the resilience of the computing center. Logical Acces Control Our infrastructure leverages the “Infrastructure-as-code” pattern using Terraform. All infrastructure changes are peer reviewed, logged and audited. A nightly check will alert in case of any deviation from the infrastructure blueprint that is checked in git. Direct access to the infrastructure is only possible by a handful of our most senior engineers, and is only exercised in cases of emergency. This access is only possible using additional authentication factors such as specific IPs, VPNs and 2FA devices. Intrusion Detection and Prevention Applicaster uses AWS’s GuardDuty and extensive logging tools to detect patterns of suspicious behaviour. We regularly examine those findings and change our infrastructure, applications and security measures to decrease our exposure and risk. Encryption All communication with Applicaster’s backend systems is done over TLS. Applicaster uses the latest recommended cipher suite to maximize security while supporting the required client application platforms. We benchmark our TLS implementations using Qualys SSL Labs. Applicaster’s certificates are rotated on a regular basis with renewals logged in Certificate Transparency . Platform Availability Every component of the Applicaster platform is deployed with redundant capacity to accomodate events of high traffic or local system failures. We invest considerable engineering effort to ensure our systems are built without any single points of failure. All servers are disposable and are constantly being replaced by AWS’s auto-scaling groups. Applicaster keeps hourly encrypted backups of all data. In the extreme event of production data loss we will restore all customer data from these backups.Vulnerability Disclosure If you would like to report a vulnerability or have any security concerns with Applicaster’s platform please contact the security team at security@applicaster.com Please include enough detailed information that will allow us to verify the vulnerability, such as tools used and their outputs, exposed DNS addresses and ports, CVE identifiers, etc. Personnel Security Applicaster realizes that the malicious activities of an insider are a risk to data confidentiality and system availability and has therefore put policies and procedures in place concerning the hiring of personnel with access to important and crucial systems. Employee permissions are periodically revised to ensure least-privileged access. Security Training Applicaster ensures its employees are made aware of the security risks that our company is exposed to by the nature of it’s operation by means of constant discussion of security threats and the tools and behaviours to mitigate them. Applicaster’s culture of transparency & shared communication tooling encourages all employees to report on suspicious activities noticed. Application Development Lifecycle Applicaster is committed to the industry’s best practices for software development, as such we practice continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) whenever possible. We also practice mandatory code review on all code bases, automated error tracking and production instrumentation. These practices provide for a better, less vulnerable, codebase with shorter time-to-fix of bugs, capacity and security issues. Incident Management To handle security or availability incidents Applicaster maintains a procedure for urgent operational issues. The procedure ensures fast access to the required company personnel, constant reporting back to the company’s operations team. The procedure includes clear instructions on communicating the incidents to any involved party and handle escalations. The procedure is reviewed after every incident and due to changes in people, systems and the nature of the operating environment. Sub-Processor Disclosure To support delivery of our Services, Applicaster, Ltd. (or one of its Affiliates listed below) may engage and use data processors with access to certain Customer Data (each, a " Subprocessor "). This page provides important information about the identity, location and role of each Subprocessor. Terms used on this page but not defined have the meaning set forth in the written agreement between Customer and Applicaster (the " Agreement "). Third Parties Applicaster currently uses third party Subprocessors to provide infrastructure services, and to help us provide customer support and email notifications. Prior to engaging any third party Subprocessor, Applicaster performs diligence to evaluate their privacy, security and confidentiality practices, and executes an agreement implementing its applicable obligations. Infrastructure Subprocessors Applicaster may use the following Subprocessors to process Customer Data or provide other infrastructure that helps with delivery of our Services: Entity Name Subprocessing Activities Entity Country Amazon Web Services, Inc. Cloud Service Provider United States Heroku Cloud Service Provider United States Other Subprocessors Applicaster may use the following Subprocessors to perform other Service functions: Entity Name Subprocessing Activities Entity Country Zendesk, Inc. Cloud-based Customer Support Services United States Airship Cloud-based Push Notification Services United Kingdom SupportMyApp Honeybadger New Relic Logz.io Sentry Technical Support Services Cloud-based Error Tracking Service Cloud-based Error Tracking Service Cloud-based Error Tracking Service Cloud-based Error Tracking Service Ukraine United States United States United States United States Applicaster Affiliates Depending on the geographic location of a Customer, and the nature of the Services provided, Applicaster may also engage one or more of the following Affiliates as Subprocessors to deliver some or all of the Services provided to a Customer: Entity Name Entity Country Applicaster, Inc. United States Applicaster UK LTD. United Kingdom Updates As our business grows and evolves, the Subprocessors we engage may also change. We will endeavor to provide the owner of Customer’s account with notice of any new Subprocessors to the extent required under the Agreement, along with posting such updates here. Please check back frequently for updates.Last Updated: May 10, 2020 Data Processing Agreement Please download our data processing agreement Privacy Policy for Sales and Marketing APPLICASTER PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated: June 6, 2018 This privacy policy (“ Privacy Policy ”) governs how we, Applicaster Ltd./Inc./UK LTD (“ Applicaster ” “ we ”, “ our ” or “ us ”) use, collect and store information pertaining to you (“ User ”, “ you ”) in a business context or as a result of your business interactions with you. For example, this Privacy Policy deals with the following use cases: When you sign up in an attendee list in one of our trade shows; When you visit one of our booths in our trade shows; When you exchange business cards with us; When we acquire Personal Data from "linkedin"; When we acquire your Personal Data from third-party sources (such as lead-generation companies); When we acquire Personal Data from indirect introductions; When we acquire Personal Data from publicly available websites; When we assemble emails from the pattern a company is using (e.g. first lastname@xxx.com) We greatly respect your privacy, which is why we make every effort to provide a platform that would live up to the highest of user privacy standards. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, so you can fully understand our practices in relation to Personal Data. “Personal Data” means any information that can be used, alone or together with other data, to uniquely identify any living human being. Table of contents: What Information we Collect, Why we Collect it, and How it is Used; How we Protect and Store your Personal Data; How we share your Personal Data Additional Information Regarding Transfers of Personal Data Your Rights Use by Children How to Contact Us This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and therefore we ask you to check back periodically for the latest version of the Privacy Policy, as indicated below. If there will be any significant changes made to the use of your Personal Data in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or by other means. What Information we Collect, Why we Collect it, and How it is Used How we Protect and Store your Information Security . We have implemented appropriate technical, organizational and security measures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to such information appropriate to the nature of the information concerned. However, please note that we cannot guarantee that the information will not be exposed as a result of unauthorized penetration to our servers. Nevertheless, we make commercially reasonable efforts to make the collection and security of such information consistent with this Privacy Policy and all applicable laws and regulations. As the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer, device or network you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect your user IDs and passwords, please make sure to take appropriate measures to protect this information. Retention of your Personal Data . In addition to the retention periods mentioned in Section 1 above, in some circumstances we may store your Personal Data for longer periods of time, for example (i) where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, or (ii) for us to have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or (iii) if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Data or dealings. How we Share your Personal Information In addition to the recipients described in Section 1, we may share your information as follows: To the extent necessary, with regulators, to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies or if required to do so by court order; If, in the future, we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets to a third party, we will (to the minimum extent required) disclose information to a potential or actual third party purchaser of our business or assets. Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Data in connection with the foregoing events. Where you have provided your consent to us sharing the Personal Data (e.g., where you provide us with marketing consents or opt-in to optional additional services or functionality).Additional Information regarding Transfers of Personal Information We ensure transfers within the Applicaster group will be covered by an agreement entered into by members of the Applicaster group (an intra-group agreement) which contractually obliges each member to ensure that Personal Data receives an adequate and consistent level of protection wherever it is transferred to; Where we transfer your Personal Data outside of Applicaster, for example to third parties who help provide our products and services, we will obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your Personal Data. Some of these assurances are well recognized certification schemes like the EU - US Privacy Shield for the protection of Personal Data transferred from within the EU to the United States; or Where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Data is disclosed; and Your Rights The following rights (which may be subject to certain exemptions or derogations), shall apply to individuals who are protected by the GDPR: You have a right to access information held about you. Your right of access is normally be exercised free of charge, however we reserve the right to charge an appropriate administrative fee where permitted by applicable law; You have the right to request that we amend any Personal Data we hold that it is inaccurate or misleading . You have the right to request the erasure of the Personal Data that relates to you. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are required to retain your data, for example for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; The right to object to or to request restriction of the processing. However, there may be circumstances in which we are legally entitled to refuse your request; The right to data portability. This means that you may have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and that you have the right to transmit that data to another controller; You have the right to object to profiling; You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority (i.e., your place of habitual residence, place or work or place of alleged infringement) at any time. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before you contact your local supervisory authority The right to withdraw your consent. Please note that t there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to continue processing your data, in particular if the processing is required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. You also have a right to request details of the basis on which your Personal Data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, but you acknowledge that data transfer agreements may need to be partially redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality . You can exercise your rights by contacting us at privacy@applicaster.com . Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honor your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request. When processing your request, we may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Data requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In the event that your request would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others (for example, would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others) or if we are legally entitled to deal with your request in a different way than initial requested, we will address your request to the maximum extent possible, all in accordance with applicable law. Use By Children We do not offer our products or services for use by children. If you are under 18, you may not use the Website, or provide any information to the Website without involvement of a parent or a guardian. We do not knowingly collect information from, and/or about children. Contact Us If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this notice and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us at privacy@applicaster.com Cookies Policy APPLICASTER COOKIES POLICY Cookies Policy We use in our site https://www.applicaster.com/ (" Site ") cookies and similar files or technologies to automatically collect and store information about your computer, device, and Site usage, in order to improve their performance and enhance your user experience.We use the general term " cookies " in this policy to refer to these technologies and all such similar technologies that collect information automatically when you are using our Site where this policy is posted. You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below. If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them using the instructions in this cookie policy or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. Important: disabling cookies on this Site may seriously cripple the user experience and other features on the Site, to the point of rendering them useless. In this Cookies Policy, we use the term Applicaster (and " we ", " us " and " our ") to refer to Applicaster Ltd. Our Privacy Policy is available at https://www.applicaster.com/privacy-security . What is a cookie? Cookies are computer files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies can then be sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Site before or whether you are a new visitor. There are two broad categories of cookies: First party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device. Third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf. We use third party cookies for functionality, performance / analytics, marketing and social media purposes. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are 'session cookies', meaning that they exist only while your browser is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are 'permanent cookies', meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again. Web beacons: Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are small graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our website. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our website to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third party website, to improve website performance and to measure the success of email marketing campaigns. In most instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function, and therefore declining cookies prevents them from functioning. If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies as described further below. If you turn off cookies, web beacon and other technologies will still detect your visits to our Site; however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies. Targeted advertising Third parties may drop cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these to us. How do we use cookies? We use cookies to: track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Site;understand the total number of visitors to our Sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g. Windows or Mac) used by our visitors;monitor the performance of our Site and to continually improve it; andcustomize and enhance your online experience. What types of cookies do we use? The types of cookies used by us in connection with the Site can be considered 'essential website cookies', 'functionality cookies', 'analytics and performance cookies', 'marketing'. We've set out some further information below, and the purposes of the cookies we set in the following table.Cookies necessary for essential website purposes These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through this Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Without these cookies we will not be able to provide services that you require, such as transactional pages and secure login accounts. Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose __cfduid applicaster.com 1 year Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic. __cfduid hs-analytics.net 1 year Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic. __cfduid hubspot.com 1 year Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic. __cfduid hubspot.net 1 year Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic. __cfduid info.applicaster.com 1 year Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic. __cfduid usemessages.com 1 year Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic. __cfruid applicaster.com Session This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load -balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. __cfruid info.applicaster.com Session This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load -balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. local_storage_support_test twitter.com Persistent The cookie is used in context with the local-storage function in the browser. This function allows the website to load faster by pre-loading certain procedures. Functionality Cookies These cookies record information about choices you've made and allow us to tailor the website to you. These cookies allow us to provide you with our services in the way in which you have required, as you continue to use or come back to our Site. For example, these cookies allow us to: Save your location preference if you have set your location on the homepage in order to receive a localized information;Remember settings you have applied, such as layout, text size, preferences, and colors;Show you when you are logged in; andStore accessibility options. Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose lang ads.linkedin.com Session Remembers the user's selected language version of a website. lang linkedin.com Session Set by LinkedIn when a web page contains an embedded "Follow us" panel. Performance / Analytics Cookies We use performance/analytics cookies to analyze how the website is accessed, used, or is performing. We do this in order to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the website. For example, these cookies allow us to: Better understand our website visitors so that we can improve how we present our content;Test different design ideas for particular pages, such as our homepage;Collect information about Site visitors such as where they are located and what browsers they are using;Determine the number of unique users of the website;Improve the website by measuring any errors that occur; andConduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings. Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose _ga applicaster.com 2 years Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. _gat applicaster.com 1 day Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate _gid applicaster.com 1 day Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Marketing We use marketing cookies to deliver many types of targeted digital marketing.. We do this in order to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve the website. The cookie store user data and behavior information, which allows advertising services to target audience according to variables. For example, these cookies allow us to: Observe the site performance and generate retargeting (Site retargeting, search retargeting, etc).Maintain and improve the website and our products Cookie name Source Expiry Purpose __ptq.gif hubspot.com Session Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour.Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. __widgetsettings twitter.com Persistent Unclassified _fbp applicaster.com 3 months Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. bcookie linkedin.com 2 years Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. bscookie linkedin.com 2 years Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. fr facebook.com 3 months Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. lidc linkedin.com 1 day Used by the social networking service, Linked In, for tracking the use of embedded services. r/collect doubleclick.net Session This cookie is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. It tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. tr facebook.com Session Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. trackalyzer tracking.leadlander.com 1 year Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. UserMatchHistory linkedin.com 29 days Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. How to control or delete cookies Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings and learn how to use them, please consult the “Help” function of your browser, or the documentation published online for your particular browser type and version. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Site. The following pages have information on how to change your cookies settings for the different browsers: Third Party Websites' Cookies When using our website, you may be directed to other websites for such activities as surveys, to make payment in currency other than U.S. dollars, or for job applications. These websites may use their own cookies. We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website. If you use the buttons that allow you to share products and content with your friends via social networks like Google, Twitter and Facebook, these companies may set a cookie on your computer memory. Find out more about these here: Need More Information? If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following link useful: Cookies that have been set in the past If you have disabled one or more Cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information. Contact us If you have any questions or comments about this cookies policy, or privacy matters generally, please contact us via email at privacy@applicaster.com . See what Applicaster can do for you. © 2023 Applicaster, All rights reserved. Privacy and Security