Alchemer Survey Alchemer Mobile Alchemer Workflow CCPA and Alchemer Mobile What is the CCPA? The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) was signed into law in June 2018 and went into effect January 1, 2020. The goal of The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), is “to further Californians’ right to privacy by giving consumers an effective way to control their personal information.” The act outlines five new rights protecting California consumers, detailed below: The right of Californians to know what personal information is being collected about them.The right of Californians to know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom.The right of Californians to say no to the sale of personal information.The right of Californians to access (or request deletion of) their personal information.The right of Californians to equal service and price, even if they exercise their privacy rights. How Alchemer Mobile Helps When the Alchemer Mobile SDK is deployed within a digital property, Alchemer acts as the Data Processor and our customer is the Data Controller of consumer data. Alchemer is committed to consumer privacy, and Alchemer: will work directly with our customers (the Data Controller) to assist them in meeting their CCPA obligations.will ensure our products continue to support CCPA compliance and strong privacy controls.can assist the Data Controller in demonstrating compliance to all of its stakeholders.helps the Data Controller respond to requests that data subject makes regarding their rights to be informed, access data, rectify data, and erasure. Customer Love The CCPA aligns with what has long been Alchemer's product strategy: enabling companies to love their customers. Our Customer Success team guides our customers to think about engaging people at the right time, in the right place, in the right way, and to be thoughtful about what is the right experience for the consumer. This includes being transparent about how personal data is being used. For us, “Customer Love” includes respect for consumer privacy and trust and making it a priority to protect consumer data. Data Processing Agreement When Alchemer customers process personal data using the Alchemer Mobile platform, they must first sign our Data Processing Agreement (DPA). Alchemer Mobile typically includes a prepared DPA in our contract documentation and encourages our customers to make use of it as it most accurately describes specifics within our product. If you are a current Alchemer Mobile customer who has not signed our DPA, please contact your Account Manager or Alchemer Support . Filter: Basic Standard Market Research HR Professional Full Access Reporting Free Individual SurveyGizmo Enterprise* *Excludes Stakeholder Author: Chris Minnich Share This Article: Download | Email Last updated: 07/31/2023 6:46 pm MDT Learn even more Instructor-Led Virtual Training Available to Enterprise Customers Self-serve Learning Content Alchemer University offers free, self-paced e-learning courses to help you get up to speed quickly. Company Contact alchemer LinkedIn Alchemer Facebook alchemer Twitter alchemer YouTube ResourcesLegacy - Google Play Data Privacy Information The information you provide will be shown on your store listing to help users better understand your app’s privacy, security, and data handling practices before they download it. Overview Google Play will soon require additional details in the Data Safety section on the Google Play store. Developers will be required to tell Google about their apps’ privacy and security practices by completing a form in Play Console. Starting in late April 2022, this information will be shown on your app’s store listing to help Google Play users understand how your app collects and shares user data before they download your app. The Data Safety section on Google Play is a simple way for you to help people understand what user data your app collects or shares, as well as showcase your app’s key privacy and security practices. This information helps users make more informed choices when deciding which apps to install. This document will help you know how to answer the Google Play Data safety questionnaire for the Alchemer Mobile SDK. To find the Data safety questionnaire: Go to your Play Console for your appClick App content in your sidebar menuClick Start under the Data safety section The Data safety questionnaire is divided into 5 parts: OverviewData collection and securityData typesData usage and handlingPreview We aim to be as transparent as possible in supporting you; however, as the app developer, you are solely responsible for deciding how to respond to Google Play’s Data safety section form regarding your app’s end-user data collection, sharing, and security practices. Important : To help you ensure that your app’s disclosures are accurate, we recommend the following:• Always use the latest SDK versions in your app. This page lists the data collected by only the latest version of each SDK.• Review this page whenever you update your app’s SDK versions. Check that your data disclosures are accurate and up-to-date. Default Alchemer Mobile SDK Guidelines Only These guidelines are only for the most basic usage of the Alchemer Mobile SDK.They do not cover how an individual app uses their data or every way the SDK can be utilized. These are the data types you should be considering. • Disclose how your app is using those data types in the questionnaire.• Consider if your app is collecting any of those data types in your Alchemer Mobile events and disclose them in the questionnaire.• Consider if your app is collecting any of those data types in any custom data collection for and/or and disclose them in the questionnaire.• Consider if your app is collecting any of those data types for any additional reasons not listed below. Timeline & Deadline Information Data collection and security section This is the second part of the Data questionnaire flow. Question Answer Why Does your app collect or share any of the required user data types? • Yes Data is collected and shared with Alchemer Mobile Is all of the user data collected by your app encrypted in transit? • Yes Traffic is encrypted by default (HTTPS) when sent over the network Do you provide a way for users to request that their data is deleted? * Per-app basis Alchemer Mobile can delete a user’s data at the request of the company that collected it. Whether or not that feature is offered by the company, and is requested to us, is out of our control.*Please answer according to your circumstance. Data types section This is the third part of the Data questionnaire flow. This will be broken up by the interactions that Alchemer Mobile provides. Alchemer Mobile Core Functionality Alchemer Mobile is designed to capture user data to provide insights. All features of Alchemer Mobile use this. Play Category Play Data type Play Description Why App activity Page views and taps in app Information about how a user interacts with your app. For example, the number of page views or the screen coordinates of taps. Primary functionality of Alchemer MobileAlchemer Mobile tracks data points through the eventThese are most frequently done through page views Any interactions Every interaction of the Alchemer Mobile SDK uses this data type. Play Category Play Data type Play Description Why App activity Other actions Any other user activity or actions in-app not listed here such as gameplay, likes, and dialog options. Every interaction the user does with Alchemer Mobile interactions has an event associated with itThis includes choosing to dismiss interactions Survey Alchemer Mobile surveys use this data type. Play Category Play Data type Play Description Why App activity Other user-generated content Any other user-generated content not listed here, or in any other section. For example, user bios, notes, or open-ended responses. Surveys answers (particularly open-ended responses) are considered user-generated content Message Center Message Center uses these data types.Play Category Play Data type Play Description Why Messages Other in-app messages Any other types of messages. For example, instant messages or chat content. Primary functionality of Message Center Personal info Name How a user refers to themselves, such as their first or last name, or nickname. User can provide their name for personalization when communicating with support Personal info Email address A user’s email address. User can provide their email to give additional info to supportCustomer can require the email to be provided Photos or videos Photos A user’s photos. Can be sent as an attachment Data usage and handling section This is the fourth part of the Data questionnaire flow. This is for basic usage and implementation of the Alchemer Mobile SDK. Consider what kind of information your app is collecting through events and . Also, consider how your company is ultimately using the data you collect and answer accordingly. Alchemer Mobile Functionality These are how you can answer the Data Safety questions if you are using any part of the Alchemer Mobile SDK. Play Category Play Data type Is this data collected, shared, or both? Is this data processed ephemerally? Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected? App activity Page views and taps in app Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Play Category Play Data type Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply. App activity Page views and taps in app • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality • Analytics • Alchemer Mobile uses some of the Analytics data to support customers Any Interactions These are how you can answer the Data Safety questions if you are using any Alchemer Mobile Interactions. Play Category Play Data type Is this data collected, shared, or both? Is this data processed ephemerally? Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected? App activity Other actions Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Play Category Play Data type Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply. App activity Other actions • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality Survey These are how you can answer the Data Safety questions if you are using any Alchemer Mobile Surveys Play Category Play Data type Is this data collected, shared, or both? Is this data processed ephemerally? Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected? App activity Other user-generated content Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Play Category Play Data type Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply. App activity Other user-generated content • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality Message Center These are how you can answer the Data Safety questions if you are using Alchemer Mobile Message Center Play Category Play Data type Is this data collected, shared, or both? Is this data processed ephemerally? Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected? Messages Other in-app messages Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Personal info Name Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Personal info Email address Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Photos or videos Photos Check both • Collected • Shared • No • Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection) Play Category Play Data type Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply. Messages Other user-generated content • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality Personal info Name • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality Personal info Email address • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality Photos or videos Photos • App Functionality • Analytics • App Functionality Checks by Google Checks is a new privacy platform for mobile app developers that helps create a safer digital ecosystem by simplifying the path to privacy compliance for development teams and the apps they’re building.As of May 2022, Checks is in beta and requires joining a waitlist to enter early access Attachments Alerts about importing our CSVs • Answers already entered into the form will be overwritten• The question “Do you provide a way for users to request that their data is deleted?” is answered as Yes • Please review if your app provides that functionality.• These are for basic usage and implementation of the Alchemer Mobile SDK only . CSV if using Message Center CSV if NOT using Message Center Filter: Basic Standard Market Research HR Professional Full Access Reporting Free Individual SurveyGizmo Enterprise* *Excludes Stakeholder Author: Chris Minnich Share This Article: Download | Email Last updated: 07/31/2023 6:58 pm MDT Learn even more Instructor-Led Virtual Training Available to Enterprise Customers Self-serve Learning Content Alchemer University offers free, self-paced e-learning courses to help you get up to speed quickly. Company Contact alchemer LinkedIn Alchemer Facebook alchemer Twitter alchemer YouTube Resources