Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy will help you understand how Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd (“https://www.aqara.com”, “us”, “our” or “we”) processes any and all data and information collected in relation to your use of our website. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. By using this website, you consent to this Privacy Policy. Information Collected We collect information from visitors to https://www.aqara.com through data capture forms and contact forms. We collect your details when you email us with an enquiry. We process the personal information you have given for the purposes of providing: The information you have requested Appropriate and useful communications Assistance to help improve our services and your experiences In addition to the above, we may collect information automatically about your visit to our website through the use of Cookies or Log Files, as described below. Cookies and Web Beacons A cookie is a small data file which may include an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and may either be used only during your session (a ‘session cookie) or may be stored on your computer’s hard drive (a ‘persistent cookie). Cookies can contain data about user movement during the visit to the website. If your browser software is set to allow cookies, a website can send its own cookie to you. Cookies are a mechanism for maintaining continuity during a user’s visit to a website. They allow data to be maintained for users’ benefit as they navigate a site. This is referred to as a ‘session’ or ‘management’ cookie. These cookies go away when you terminate your visit to the website as they are maintained only in your browser’s active memory during your session. Cookies may also be stored on your computer so that you can be recognized by a website on subsequent visits. They are read by the website that sent them whenever you re-visit the website. They are often used on websites that require you to login so that you can avoid having to enter all of your login information every visit. They may store information on your unique identifier and the areas of the website you have visited before. These cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive after you have left your website visit and consequently are often referred to as persistent’ cookies. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. To learn more about how to manage cookies in your web browser, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ Log Files Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd follows a standard procedure of using log files. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to visit a webpage. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages and the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. If used, the purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website and gathering demographic information. Children’s Information In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“COPPA”), Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.You can learn more about COPPA at http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm Online Privacy Policy Only This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to https://www.aqara.com with regards to the information that is shared and/or collected. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. General Disclaimer While every effort is made to keep information provided over the internet accurate and up-to-date, Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd does not certify the authenticity or accuracy of such information. No warranties, express or implied, are provided for the content , records and/or mapping data herein, or for their use or interpretation by the User. Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd and its’ agents assume no legal responsibilities for the information or accuracy contained in this data, including any action taken from reliance on any information contained herein and shall have no liability for any damages, losses, costs, or expenses, including, but not limited to attorney’s fees, arising from the use or misuse of the information provided herein.The User’s use thereof shall constitute an agreement by the User to release Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd and its’ agents from such liability. Support Subscribe Email: Product Partners Operators & Customized Client Installer & Integrator Support About Us Facebook-f Twitter Instagram Youtube Tiktok Operators & Customized Client Installer & Integrator Copyright © 2023 Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Scroll to Top The LED Strip T1 is now available on Amazon brand stores and via selected Aqara retailers worldwide! Learn More