Privacy Policy ​ Effective Date: June 9, 2022 ​ Last Updated: January 28, 2023 Special tips:Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd.and its affiliates (Include but not limited to Shenzhen Aqara Software Service Co. , Ltd.,)(hereinafter referred to as “Lumi”,“we”,“us” or “our”) takes the security of your personal information very seriously. When you use our services, you may be asked to provide your personal information. Based on this, we have formulated this Privacy Policy to explain how Lumi uses and protects your personal information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using or accessing Lumi platform (the key content has been bolded, and please pay more attention), fully understand the information collection and use rules, and then choose whether to agree. By using Lumi products and services, it means you have read and accepted all terms listed in the privacy policy; including any changes we may make. We promise to follow the laws (including the data protection acts in your area) to protect the privacy, security and safety of your personal data. We also promise all our employees will follow these obligations. We promise The privacy policies regulate the ways Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd (referred to as Lumi henceforth) can collect, use, disclose, process and store any personal data provided to us through the Aqara Developer Platform website when using our products and services. If we request any of your information to verify your identity when using our open service, we will strictly follow these privacy policy or our "Aqara Developer Platform Developer Agreement" when using the data. We have fully considered your needs during the writing of the privacy policies. The aim is to give you a complete understanding of our personal data collection and usage habits; to ensure that you understand you have final control of the personal data provided to Lumi. This is of upmost importance to us. Data we may collect To provide you with our services, we will ask you to provide the necessary personal or corporate information. If you do not provide the personal or corporate information, we can not provide services to you. The data you provide to us: When you register a developer account, we will collect the personal data you provide to us, for example, your name, phone number, Email, real personal or corporate name, etc;We may also record the data generated when using our products or services. For example, resources you apply for and interface information. Data collected when using the products and services: Device related data: Data related to your devices. For example, device version, model name, device record, etc;Log data. When you use Lumi products and/or services, our servers will automatically record data. For example, your usage of our products and/or services, IP address, URL of visited service, downloads, software installation data, and date and time of service use. How will the personal data be used? The aim of collecting personal data is to provide products and services to you and we guarantee we will follow the applicable laws. You agree to the use of personal or corporate data following our privacy policies. We may use your personal or corporate data for the following purposes: Creating your developer account. To help us provide our services, you will need to provide basic account data, for example, phone number, Email, etc; and create your password;Providing open service Through the collected data, we will prove, process, maintain, improve and develop our products and/or our services; including solution inquiry, technical support, installation and maintenance, etc;Improving our services. Through analysis and development and our products and services related data, we will improve our products and services; To provide safety and security for you. To ensure the authenticity of your identity and to provide better security, you will need to provide personal or corporate data when registering to complete real name verification. Furthermore, we may use your data for customer service, security, fraud monitoring, storage and backup purposes; to enusure the security of the services we provide;Collecting user feedback We highly value your feedback for service improvement. To track the feedba.ck you choose to provide, Lumi may use the personal or corporate data you provide to contact you, and a record will be kept; Sending messages. We may use your personal or corporate data from time to time to send you important messages, for example, resource assessment message, our policies, terms and policy changes;Other uses with your permission. Who do we share your data with?Except the following situations, we will not share your data with third parties without your permission. After receiving your clear permission, we will share your user data with other parties.Executing “what data to collect and how is the data used?” Partial stated purposes:Following legal requirements to assist any disputes with other parties:Following laws and regulations, we may share your user data following litigation, arbitration resolution needs, or following government or legal department requests;We may share anonymous data in aggregate form with our partners for commercial purposes. We may share regular usage trends regarding our services, for example, number of personal or corporate developers. We will only share your data for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific or explicit purposes. When we share your data, we will enforce our privacy policy on affiliates, alliance members, partners, etc. and require them to take relevant confidentiality and security measures when processing the data. Safety guarantee Security Protection Measures We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosures or other such risks, we have implemented reasonable physical, digital and management procedures to protect the data collected on our website.We will take no less than the usual industry level of [encryption, de-identification technology, anonymization processing] and related reasonable and feasible means to protect your personal information. All of your personal information is stored on secure servers and protected in controlled facilities. We will classify your personal information according to importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal information is protected by the highest level of security. We guarantee that employees and third-party service providers who access this information to provide products and services to you have strict contractual obligations of confidentiality, and that failure to meet these obligations will result in disciplinary action or termination. In general, we regularly review our information collection, storage and handling practices, including physical security measures, to prevent any unauthorized access and use. Security Event Disposal If a personal information security incident happen fortunately, we will promptly inform you of in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions on how you can independently prevent and reduce risks by yourself, and remedies for you, etc. We will promptly inform you by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the personal information owners one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to release the announcement. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.If your legitimate rights and interests are damaged, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility. Security Certification Our information security policies and procedures are designed with reference to international standards and are regularly audited by third parties to verify the effectiveness of security measures. Currently, Aqara has been certified to ISO/IEC 27001:2013 international standard for information security to ensure the security of your personal information. Security Warnings Please understand that the Internet environment is not 100% secure, but we will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us. We strongly recommend that you log in and use website services in a secure manner and use complex passwords to avoid revealing your account password to others to help us keep your account secure. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if your Aqara Developer Platform account or password is leaked, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy so that we can take corresponding measures in time. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged due to our faults, which results in unauthorized access to information, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction to cause damage to your legal rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility. What can you do! You protect your personal or corporate data by not disclosing to anyone (unless the person has been authorized by you) your account password or account data. Whether you are logged in as a developer or on Aqara Developer Platform, especially on third party computers or public terminals, you should delete the account after your session.Lumi is not responsible for any security breaches caused by you disclosing personal data to third parties.Although the above policies are in place, if any unauthorized persons access your account on the Internet or other security breaches occur, please contact us immediately. Your assistance will help us protect your personal or corporate data. You can manage your data! We encourage you to regularly update your password to ensure security. We also suggest you regularly update and modify your data for accuracy. When you access, update or delete personal or corporate data, we may ask you to verify your identity to ensure data security. You can access and change your account on Aqara Developer Platform . PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OF MINORS Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to us. Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults. Without the consent of their parent or guardian, children should not create their own accounts. For the collection of children's personal information with the consent of their parent, we will only use or publicly disclose this information in accordances with local laws, with the explicit consent of the parent or guardian, or under necessary situations to protect the children. Although local laws and customs define the scope of a child differently, we consider anyone under 14 years old to be a child. If we find that we have collected children’s personal information without verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the corresponding data as soon as possible. UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY To provide you with better services, we will improve products and services continuously, and our personal information protection rules may also be adjusted accordingly. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. We will remind you of the update of the corresponding content by issuing an update version on the Aqara Developer Platform or in other appropriate ways. Please also visit the Aqara Developer Platform in time to know about the latest Privacy Policy. Under the foregoing circumstances, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be limited by and accept the revised Privacy Policy. Do I have to agree to any third party terms and conditions? Our privacy policy is not applicable to third party provided products and services. The services on the Aqara Developer Platform may link to third party websites or other forms of service. When you use these services, your data may be collected. Therefore, we strongly suggest you spend time to read the third party privacy policy; as if reading our privacy policy. We are not responsible for third parties collecting your personal data and we do not control its uses. Our privacy policy is not applicable to other websites linked from our services. Contact us If you have any suggestions or questions about this privacy policy or about Lumi’s collection, use or disclosure of your personal data, please contact us using the address below; and mention “Aqara Developer Platform Privacy Policy”: Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd Address: 8th Floor, Building 1, Chongwen Park, Nanshan Ziyuan, Taoyuan Street, Nanshan District, Shenzhen E-mail: privacy@lumiunited.com Postcode: 518000 Tel: 0755-86591090 Fax: (86 755) 86635125 We will review your comments, questions or complaints as soon as possible and respond within 15 business days. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you may also seek a resolution by filing a lawsuit with a court of competent jurisdiction where Aqara is domiciled. Thank you for spending time to understand our privacy policy! Copyright © 2023 Lumi United Technology Co., Ltd. all right reserved，powered by Gitbook File Modify: 2023-08-02 10:51:31 results matching " No results matching "