We take your privacy personally. Our commitment. At Arlo, we’re as passionate about privacy as we are about safeguarding your home and family. We support industry standards for data protection designed to keep your personal information private and in your control. After all, we’re here to bring you peace of mind and you shouldn’t have to give up your privacy to feel secure. Trust. We believe your personal data belongs to you. We don't monetize your personal data. Our business is delivering Arlo services and Arlo functionality, and any related services or functionality that you choose. Arlo was founded as a security company first and foremost. Our products were designed to help protect your home and provide peace of mind by letting you keep an eye on your home, your business, and your loved ones, not by utilizing your personal information as a commodity to make money. Your personal information should be yours. Our products and services are designed to protect your privacy and give you control over your information. As part of delivering our products and services, we must at times disclose certain information to partners as described in our privacy policy . We won’t share your videos or account information with law enforcement, unless there’s a legally enforceable search warrant or court order, and we never share your videos for private litigation matters without your consent. Control. Your data is for your eyes only. We provide enhanced control of your data. With Arlo’s Privacy Center, you can adjust your settings at any time to easily manage devices with access to your account, modify smart home apps linked to your account, erase cloud content and reset your Arlo devices. When you choose to store your videos in the Arlo cloud, they are stored for the duration of your chosen Arlo plan. After that, your videos are automatically deleted and unrecoverable. Manually deleting videos using your Arlo Secure App or web browser will also delete your videos from the Arlo cloud. We support transparency. We want people to have a clear understanding of our privacy practices. Our privacy policy outlines how we collect and use personal information as well as how we comply with applicable privacy legislation. We want product users to feel empowered to make decisions about their data and who has access to it. Learn more about our privacy policy and how you can make a privacy request or provide privacy feedback here. Protection. We believe your private moments should stay private. Our services are designed to keep your data secure. We support industry-leading methods and practices designed to protect your account such as two-factor authentication, requiring access approval for new devices to verify it’s really you, and utilizing encryption to help protect your videos. We also inform you when you change certain information in your account settings. Beyond that, we monitor our cloud systems and utilize multiple data protection technologies and methodologies to actively look for security threats. We made security part of our culture. We implemented strict company-wide information security policies and procedures intended to protect your privacy and enhance the secure use of our products by you. We support compliance with industry regulations and work with independent organizations to audit our services to help ensure we continue to meet the ever-evolving standards for cybersecurity. In addition, our Board level Cybersecurity and Privacy Committee provides thought leadership and oversight. Enter your email to receive exclusive offers. Invalid Email Address Thank you for signing up. A confirmation email has been sent to your inbox. Please click on the link in the email to confirm your subscription. Oops! something went wrong. Please try again Enter your email to receive exclusive offers. Region Selector Select a Locale United States (English) We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze our website, and assist with our marketing efforts. Click on cookie preferences to adjust your settings. Learn More Cookie Preferences Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you to request a service, such as logging in to your account or adding items to your shopping basket. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. For example, they may remember your region to ensure that we show you the websites relevant to your area. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will see advertising that is less relevant to you. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesPress Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel Build your own Security Bundle and Save up to 30% NEW Security System Cameras Doorbells Floodlights Products Security System Whole Home Protection Cameras Wireless Security Camera Wireless Security Camera Wireless Security Camera Wired Security Camera Wireless Security Camera LTE/Wi-Fi Security Camera Doorbells Wireless Video Doorbell Wired Video Doorbell Floodlights Wireless Floodlight Camera Secure Plans Accessories Bundle & Save Arlo Safe NEW Products Products Security System Security System Security System Whole Home Protection Cameras Cameras Wireless Security Camera Wireless Security Camera Wireless Security Camera Wired Security Camera Wireless Security Camera LTE/Wi-Fi Security Camera Doorbells Doorbells Doorbells Shop & Compare Doorbells Wireless Video Doorbell Wired Video Doorbell Floodlights Floodlights Floodlights Wireless Floodlight Camera Secure Plans Accessories Bundle & Save Arlo Safe NEW Get 10% off your first order + free shipping! Be the first to know about new products and get insider-only deals that you won’t find anywhere else.* Enter Email Address By entering your email address above you agree to receive marketing emails from Arlo. All information collected will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy . *Discount (up to $100) valid for first-time registrants in the US only. Valid on full and sale priced products on Arlo.com only, and cannot be combined with any other offers. Excludes accessories and security bundles. 10% off code is sent to valid email address upon submission. Free shipping on orders $35+. Your promo code is on the way! Check your inbox for your unique code to use on your next order. Now that you're part of the Arlo family, enjoy: Early access to special events and promotions.Exciting new products.Exclusive insider-only deals and more! Not seeing Arlo emails? To ensure delivery to your inbox, add no_reply@e.arlo.com to your address book. Essential Security Sale Protect your home with the essentials. Save up to $210 on home security with color night vision.* Shop Now Why choose Arlo We protect your everything. Driven to protect you. We spend every day perfecting security to protect you, your family, your home, your business, and even your pets. A superior experience. Stay connected with up to 4K video, clear audio, and smarter notifications to know exactly what's happening at home. Privacy is our top priority. We are as passionate about your privacy as we are about security and your information is kept private and in your control. No need for contracts. Commit with confidence, knowing that you can cancel on your own terms with no contracts and hassle-free returns. Monitored by professionals. 24/7 Live Security Experts rapidly dispatch first responders to your home, so you don't have to. Easy to set up. Our products are designed for easy installation and connect to Wi-Fi so you're up and running in minutes. Driven to protect Everything you need to keep safe. Security System Complete home protection with All-in-One Sensors and 24/7 Professional Monitoring. Shop Now Cameras Keep a closer eye on your home with up to 4K video and crystal clear audio. Shop Now Doorbells See more at your front door and greet guests from anywhere right from your phone. Shop Now Floodlights Shine a bright light anywhere outside and scare away trouble. Shop Now Smarter security, trusted by millions. See every detail in up to 4K video with the power to zoom 12x on every image to make out faces, or even license plates. Arlo products have a seamless design to match the style of your home. Beautifully designed products integrate seamlessly with any home. Seamlessly integrates with many smart home platforms, including Apple Homekit, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, and more. Arlo Secure lets you monitor your entire home and take immediate action right from your phone's lock screen. Get notifications on your smart device that show whether a person, package, animal, or vehicle has been detected at your home. Eight smart detection functions in one compact design give you more flexibility, versatility, and 8x more options for protection. See every detail in up to 4K video and zoom 12x for a closer look. Arlo products have a seamless design to match the style of your home.Beautifully designed products integrate seamlessly with any home. Connects to Apple Homekit, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant and more. Arlo Secure lets you monitor and take immediate action right from your phone. Smarter notifications show when a person, package, animal, or vehicle has been detected. Eight smart detection functions in one compact design give you more flexibility, versatility, and 8x more options for protection. Arlo Secure One app to protect it all. An easy to use interface manages all your Arlo products and keeps you connected to your home and your family’s safety from wherever you are. Arlo Secure One app to protect it all. An easy to use interface manages all your Arlo products and keeps you connected to your home and your family’s safety from wherever you are. 1 Get immediate help from police, fire, or medical responders with one tap. 2 See what triggered an alert from your phone so you can act quickly from anywhere. 3 View videos and details like who opened a door or who armed or disarmed your system. 4 Personalize your dashboard with security widgets and control devices on one screen. Learn More 1 4 Manage your security your way Personalize your dashboard with security widgets and control devices on one screen. Access 24/7 Emergency Response Get immediate help from police, fire, or medical responders with one tap. Get alerts and quickly take action See what triggered an alert from your phone so you can take action quickly from anywhere. See event details from anywhere View videos and details like who opened a door or who armed or disarmed your system. Manage your security your way Personalize your dashboard with security widgets and control devices on one screen. Access 24/7 Emergency Response Get immediate help from police, fire, or medical responders with one tap. Get alerts and quickly take action See what triggered an alert from your phone so you can take action quickly from anywhere. See event details from anywhere View videos and details like who opened a door or who armed or disarmed your system. Manage your security your way Personalize your dashboard with security widgets and control devices on one screen. 1 2 3 4 Arlo protects everything. Including your privacy. At our core, we value your privacy as much as we do your physical security. Our dedication to protecting your personal data is unwavering, whether it's in the real world or online. Learn More Join over 6 million families that love and trust Arlo. Fantastic quality cams amazing quality video and now I’m at peace of mind! - Zamudiohome1853 Absolutely beautiful display quality and extremely easy to set up. - Adam Great video and love how it works. I would buy it again in a heartbeat. - Safetey These wireless cameras are excellent! Would recommend to get. Very easy to install. - Elvish23 Easy to install. Quality is great. Batteries last a long time! Definitely recommend. — Eaburton144 Great upgraded wireless camera system. Great picture and easy setup. — KGCDragoon Great product, picture quality is excellent 24 hours a day rain or shine. — Birdman111 Great cameras. Coverage is real good. Would recommend to anyone. — Sweetpinto74 Savings vary by product, while supplies last. Pricing subject to change. Promo ends 8/20/23. Free shipping on all orders $35 or more. 24/7 Emergency Response, Direct Dispatch, Video Verification & Escalation, Cellular and Battery backup, and Smoke/CO alarm listening all require an Arlo Safe and Secure Pro paid plan after trial period. Emergency Response feature available for select service plans and countries only. See here for details. Enter your email to receive exclusive offers. Invalid Email Address Thank you for signing up. A confirmation email has been sent to your inbox. Please click on the link in the email to confirm your subscription. Oops! something went wrong. Please try again Enter your email to receive exclusive offers. Region Selector Select a Locale United States (English) We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze our website, and assist with our marketing efforts. Click on cookie preferences to adjust your settings. Learn More Cookie Preferences Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you to request a service, such as logging in to your account or adding items to your shopping basket. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.For example, they may remember your region to ensure that we show you the websites relevant to your area. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will see advertising that is less relevant to you. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesPrivacy Notice Effective Date: July 2018; Last Updated: July 1, 2023 Visit our Privacy Pledge located here to learn more about Arlo’s commitment to privacy. Applicability This Privacy Notice (“ Notice”) explains the types of personal information and other non-personal information (collectively, “ Information”) Arlo Technologies, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, " Arlo”) obtain about Arlo customers and other individuals, how Arlo uses that Information and with whom it may be shared, and the choices available to you regarding how Arlo collects, stores, and uses that Information. This Notice applies to Arlo’s external-facing operations, including our website, mobile applications, and any other of our products, hardware, and services that link to this Notice (collectively, " Services”), and applies to the Information Arlo obtains in various contexts. We may provide different or additional privacy notices in connection with certain activities, products, services, or platforms that may not be included in this Notice to supplement or clarify our privacy practices or provide you with additional choices regarding your Information with respect to those activities, products, services, and platforms. Information We May Collect, Use, and Disclose The nature of our relationship with you and how you choose to use Arlo’s Services determines the types of Information we may collect, use, and disclose. Below, the chart lists the types of Information Arlo collects or has collected prior to the effective date of this Notice, and for each category, how we collect the Information, how we use the Information, and the applicable retention period. (Depending on the nature of our relationship with you and how you use the Services) We may collect personal identifiers. We may collect personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute. Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e). We may collect Information related to protected classifications under relevant state or federal laws. We may collect commercial Information. We may collect internet or other electronic network activity Information. We may collect geolocation data. We may collect audio, visual, or similar Information. We may collect professional or employment related Information. We may make inferences drawn from any of the Information collected. We may collect sensitive personal Information. Employees may provide additional Information through job applications, benefits enrollment, payroll or direct deposit enrollment, or other parts of the employment process. We maintain a separate privacy notice for employees. We retain Information as long as your account is active, for the period necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Notice, and as otherwise required by law. Disclosure of Information As part of our business there are times that we may disclose Information with others. You can find out more about that below: We disclose Information within our family of companies. This includes current and future affiliates and subsidiaries. We disclose Information to your family, friends, emergency contacts, at your direction. The Services are designed to allow you to share your Arlo device access and alerts if you choose. With Arlo Safe, you may also choose to share your location data with others by sending them an invitation link. You can modify with whom you disclose Information on your own through your account settings. If an emergency occurs, we will also share Information with persons you designate as emergency contacts. We disclose Information to our service providers and contractors. We may disclose Information with companies that help us deliver and operate our Services. Depending on the Services you enable, this may include providing service providers and contractors with Information (including location) related to crash detection, emergency response and dispatch support, and other features available as part of the Services. We disclose and share Information with advertising and analytics providers, including third parties. We use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts. Arlo may work with first-party and third-party advertisers and analytics providers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Arlo Products and Services on our websites and across the internet. We also use tools to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising efforts. To learn more, please click here . To opt out, set your preferences by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of your browser. We disclose Information with connected products and services. You may choose to connect your Arlo account to third-party products and services. You will be asked if you want to grant this connection. If you do, certain Information such as device serial number and settings may be disclosed.You can modify your choice to connect accounts in your account settings. We may disclose Information to the extent necessary to comply with the relevant laws or to protect our company and users. We may disclose Information to respond to a court order, legal request, or subpoena, including to law enforcement in response to a legally enforceable search warrant as described in our law enforcement guidelines here . We may also disclose Information in response to valid government or regulatory demands and requests. We may also disclose Information when we investigate potential fraud, abuse, or other similar violations of Arlo Terms. We may also disclose Information to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business, our employees, our customers, or others. This may also include exchanging Information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of cybersecurity, fraud protection, and credit risk reduction, or to stop or prevent illegal activity. We may disclose Information with any successor to all or part of our business. If all or part of our business is sold, we are part of a merger or acquisition, or there is a financing or insolvency agreement, we may disclose Information as part of that settlement. We may also disclose Information for other reasons, which we will describe to you. We may disclose aggregated Information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may share non-personal Information without restriction. Why We Use Information Depending on the nature of our relationship with you and how you choose to use the Services, we may use Information for the following: We use Information to communicate with you. We use Information to respond to your questions, including questions about our Services or your relationship with us, and to communicate with you about this Notice or our Terms. We may also contact you about your feedback. We use Information you provide to send you alerts and other notifications. If you apply for a job with us, we use that Information to process your application. We use limited video Information for device set up and use to provide Services.We use artificial intelligence to process certain video Information from your cameras so that we can monitor your environment, send you alerts, and allow you to further configure your Services. For example, you may configure your Services to send an alert to you based on the type of activity that has been detected. Depending on your subscription plan, configuration and settings, we store the videos you capture for various time periods. We use Information to provide and improve our Services.We use Information to provide the Services, including emergency response. If you enable your location settings, we may use this location Information to support geo-fencing and some Arlo Safe features. We use Information to develop and improve our Services. Your videos are generally accessed by Arlo only through artificial intelligence, but when videos are “donated” to Arlo as described here, Arlo employees or Arlo’s contractors or service providers may potentially view them. You must select individual video recordings from your video library to “donate” to Arlo. If you select this “donate” option, we may use and view the donated video recording for research and Services development purposes. We also use Information to analyze trends and customize your experience and do this, for example, by saving certain preferences you choose. We use some Information for marketing purposes.We use your Information to share updates about new products and special offers, including promotions, surveys, and contests. These updates may include information about Arlo’s new features and Services or information about select third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting, but we will not send your Information to these third-parties to use for their own marketing purposes. We’ll give you these updates and information through email, on our apps, or on social media platforms. We use Information to protect our company and users.We use Information to protect our company and users, for example to identify fraud, protect accounts, or protect Arlo’s infrastructure. This includes using Information to identify and stop prohibited or illegal activity. Our basis for processing Information. Our basis for processing your Information for the reasons described above is typically to perform a contract, including responding to your requests. For example, this includes providing customer service. Where this applies, if you choose not to provide Information, we may be unable to perform the contract or respond to your request. We also process Information based on your consent. Where you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw it. We also use Information about you when we have a legitimate purpose in doing so like helping secure and improve the Services. We also use Information as we may describe to you in the future.How We Collect Information Like many other companies, there are different ways that we collect Information. We have outlined them below: We collect Information directly from you. You might provide us Information in several ways. For example, we collect Information when you create an account or register a product. We also collect Information when you make a purchase, change or alter your Services or subscriptions, contact us, sign up for special offers, or participate in a survey, contest, promotion or sweepstakes. We collect any other Information you voluntarily provide to us when using the Services, including user contributions or public postings on our social media sites. For more sensitive Information collection, we ask for your consent. We also collect Information from your devices through use of the camera, microphone, location services or other usage, consistent with your chosen settings, configurations, and permissions. We collect Information passively.We use tracking tools to collect Information from you passively. These tools include browser cookies, pixels, session replays, and web beacons. We use these on our sites and in emails that we send to you. We get Information about you from third parties or other sources. Third party products or apps may also share Information about you. For example, usage data from your integrated products may be provided to us. We may get sensory and motion data from your mobile device. We may also collect Information about you from other users, including your name, phone number, or email address. Arlo users may also provide names and images to associate with friends and family and other household members. If you provide Information about another person, it is your responsibility to ensure you have that party’s permission. Arlo also utilizes service providers to assist with marketing and research initiatives and may obtain Information about you from those providers. We may also obtain Information about you from governmental or public sources. We combine Information.Our Services provide integrated security solutions, which means we may combine Information that we have collected directly from you, from across your devices, products, or Services, or that is received from a third party. If we combine or connect non-personal information with personal Information so that it directly or indirectly identifies an individual or so that we may draw inferences about an individual, we treat the combined Information as personal Information and, when applicable, sensitive personal Information. Your Rights and Choices You may have certain rights and choices about your Information. Certain of these rights are available to individuals when acting as consumers. Some of these rights do not extend to individuals who may be acting in their business capacity or as an employee. These rights include: You can control certain settings on your mobile device or account settings. For example, you can turn off or modify the location services or push notifications on your mobile phone, or customize your video and/or audio capture configuration from your account. You can review and change certain account Information or delete video or audio when logged into your account. You can opt out of certain marketing. To stop receiving our promotional emails or communications follow the instructions at the bottom of any promotional message you receive from us. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages, you will continue to receive non-marketing messages from us about your relationship with us where permitted by law. For example, you may continue to receive messages from Arlo about technical updates and security, even after opting out of receiving marketing messages. You can control cookies and tracking tools.Our website is configured to respond to common browser opt-out signals, such as Do Not Track or Global Privacy Control. You can also opt out of sharing your Information for online advertising purposes on our website directly by adjusting your preferences. Click on the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of your browser. To learn how to manage how we, and our vendors, use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here . Privacy Rights.In some places laws grant residents certain privacy rights related to their personal Information. Read on to learn more about the different rights. Right to Know and Data Portability/Access. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and processing of your Information. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will disclose to you: The categories of personal Information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal Information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing that personal Information.The categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal Information.A copy of the specific pieces of personal Information we have collected about you in a portable format. You can also review and access your Information through your account settings by logging in here or though the mobile application. Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal Information that you have provided or that we have collected and processed about you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will review your request to see if an exception requiring us to retain the Information applies. We will delete or deidentify personal Information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records to take similar action. You may delete most Information through your account settings by logging in here or though the mobile application. Right to Correct Inaccurate Information. If we maintain inaccurate Information about you, you have the right to request correction of that inaccurate personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the personal Information processing. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct this Information. You may change most Information through your account settings by logging in here or though the mobile application. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information. Arlo limits the types of sensitive Information it collects, uses, and the purposes for which it might be disclosed in order to best protect your privacy. Arlo’s collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive Information falls into the limited business purposes permitted by and in compliance with applicable law. Right to Opt-In or Opt-Out of Sharing / Sale / Right to Object. Arlo gives consumers the right to request to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of (i) targeted or cross-contextual behavioral advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. We do not exchange your Information for monetary consideration or share your Information with a third party to use for their own marketing purposes. We only engage in cross-contextual behavioral or targeted advertising through cookies and similar tracking technologies. Under certain U.S. state laws, these activities may be considered “sharing” or “selling.” We share, or have shared prior to the effective date of this Notice, identifiers such as a device ID, cookie ID, or IP address and internet/electronic network activity such as website pages visited with advertisers and advertising networks, data analytics providers and social networks through these technologies. To opt-out of this processing, we will rely on you to set your preferences regarding cookies and other tracking technologies. To do this, click on the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of your browser. We also do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Arlo does not knowingly “sell” or “share” Information of minors under 16 years of age. Nevada residents may opt out of any future sale of their Information to a third party by contacting us as described at the end of this Notice. Right to Nondiscrimination/Non-Retaliation. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights unless permitted or required by law. This includes the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of privacy rights, including an employee’s, applicant’s, or independent contractor’s right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their state law privacy rights. Financial Incentives. We may offer financial incentives to individuals who provide their email address to sign up to receive marketing and promotional emails from us. The terms of the financial incentive will be presented to you at the time you sign up. You may withdraw from any of the financial incentives by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email messages or by contacting us as described at the end of this Notice. The value of providing your email address will vary and is based on the amount of the purchase using the initial offer and any subsequent offers received. Exercising Your Rights. If you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, wishes to exercise these rights, please visit here to exercise these as possible through your account settings and Privacy Center or log into your mobile application. Otherwise access our online form here or contact us at privacy@arlo.com . You or your authorized agent may be limited to submit certain requests within a 12-month period.Your request must: Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.Provide sufficient Information, which will likely need to match with Information we previously collected from you, that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal Information or an authorized representative (“Authorized Agent”). If you would like, you may designate an Authorized Agent to make a request on your behalf. We will deny requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization from you. If you designate an Authorized Agent to make a request for you, we may require: A copy of a power of attorney or require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission.You to verify your own identity with us directly. We will only use Information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it, except for record-keeping purposes. We will delete this Information as soon as practicable, or until we no longer legally need the Information, after complying with the request. Response Timing and Format. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days. If you do not receive confirmation within the 10-day timeframe, please contact privacy@arlo.com . We endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Appeal Process. If you would like to submit an appeal for any decision with regard to any consumer request, please email privacy@arlo.com . Transfers and Storage of Information Arlo is based in the United States, which means the Information we collect may be processed and stored within the United States. If you live outside of the United States and choose to use the Services, you understand that your Information may be processed and/or stored outside your country of residence, including in other jurisdictions (like the United States) that may have different data protection frameworks than your country. Information we transfer from Europe to the United States is subject to appropriate safeguards under applicable law. Children’s Privacy Arlo does not direct our Services to children, and we do not knowingly collect Information from children. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us Information, you can write to us or email us at the addresses provided at the end of this Notice. Please mark your inquiries “Parental Information Request.” If we learn we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected or received Information from a child without appropriate consent, we will delete such Information. How We Protect Information The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Services will be completely secure. We encourage you to use caution when providing your Information to others and not to share or reuse passwords. Third-Party Services and Sites Third parties may integrate the Services into their products and services, and we are not responsible for this integration. We may link to third-party sites or apps. This Notice does not apply to the privacy practices of these third-party websites or apps. We do not control these third parties. Please read the privacy policies of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for the practices of these third-party products, sites, or apps. How To Contact Us To learn more about our privacy practices or this Notice, please contact us at privacy@arlo.com or write to us at Arlo Technologies, Inc. 2200 Faraday Ave., Carlsbad, CA 92008. Updates From time to time we may change our Notice. We will notify you of any material changes to our Notice as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on the places where this Notice currently appears. Please check periodically for updates. Privacy Notice Archive: Enter your email to receive exclusive offers. Invalid Email Address Thank you for signing up. A confirmation email has been sent to your inbox. Please click on the link in the email to confirm your subscription. Oops! something went wrong. Please try again Enter your email to receive exclusive offers. Region Selector Select a Locale United States (English) We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze our website, and assist with our marketing efforts. Click on cookie preferences to adjust your settings. Learn More Cookie Preferences Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.They are usually only set in response to actions made by you to request a service, such as logging in to your account or adding items to your shopping basket. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. For example, they may remember your region to ensure that we show you the websites relevant to your area. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will see advertising that is less relevant to you. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View Cookies