Main Menu Use Cases Tourism Attractions Theme Parks Retail Gaming Airports Sports Resources Lodging Daily Travel Index Products About Us About Arrivalist Blog News Careers Contact Us Contact Us Login Request A Demo Arrivalist collects information that helps us understand and show the movement of devices (mobiles, pads, laptops) which allow us to see movements of the population at large. We anonymize (scrub) any personal data collected before it goes into our system and do not sell this data but only share the insights of these broad population movements with our clients. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information. If you would like to opt-out please use the links below. Stop the sale of my privacy data: Europe | US To delete your personal information, please contact us at: Contact Information Phone: (833) 278-5781 Website: https://www.arrivalist.com Email: privacy@arrivalist.com Postal Address: Arrivalist Co. Attn: Privacy Compliance 1460 Broadway, 6 th Floor New York, NY 10036 Say Hello 1460 Broadway 6th Flr. New York, NY 10036 535 Mission St, 14th floor San Francisco, CA 94105 Facebook Linkedin Twitter Careers Contact Us Privacy & GDPR Copyright 2023 Arrivalist By continuing to browse, you agree to the storing of first- and third-party cookies on your device to remember registration details, collect statistics to enhance usability, analyze site usage, customize content delivered to you, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Settings | Privacy Policy .Control Your Privacy Settings To control your privacy settings (stop the sale of, delete, or review) please go to our Consumer Privacy Settings page. California Residents For our privacy notice for California residents, click here Privacy Policy The following describes the privacy policy guidelines for Arrivalist Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Arrivalist”) regarding the collection and use of personal, corporate, device and vehicle information that is provided to Arrivalist or collected on Arrivalist’s website, arrivalist.com. This privacy policy was last updated on November [*], 2022. Arrivalist requests that users check this Privacy Policy periodically as it may have changed. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Information We Collect and How We Use It Arrivalist provides analytics services for marketers in the travel industry, including destination marketers like tourism boards and Convention and Visitor’s Bureaus and other government-funded or government-related organizations. Our services both measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns by measuring – in aggregate – which messages are most effective at influencing users to visit their place and provide actionable insights on consumer behaviors, competitive share, media effectiveness and market trends. This agreement outlines how we collect information, what information we collect and how we use this information on our site, Arrivalist.com, and for Arrivalist’s marketing services. On Arrivalist.com we collect information that helps us analyze the effectiveness of our website and its performance. We may collect and use non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”) information such as in aggregate to gauge the effectiveness of our own marketing programs or deliver advertising messages to our site visitors for marketing purposes. We also collect Personally-Identifiable information (“Non-PII”) from information entered in to our “Contact Us” form. We only use site visitor’s PII to respond to incoming inquiries and let interested parties know about updates to our marketing services. We do not sell or share this information. If you wish to correspond with us through this form and do not wish for us to use the PII information that you’ve provided to us via our Contact Us form or other means, please email privacy@arrivalist.com . Arrivalist marketing services collects information on behalf of its marketing partners, largely comprised of destination marketers. The information that we collect includes Non-PII information related to the user’s device’s destination (on a city level), which marketing messages the user has been exposed to and subsequent changes in the user’s destination on a market – by – market basis. None of the information we collect is personally-identifiable and the destination information that we collect is only the on the city level. (i.e., device 12345 was exposed to Ad 1 and 2 in City A and moved to City B). We may receive additional information about you from third party data or marketing partners, and combine it with other information we have about you. We may license data from third party data providers which we append with a variety of data sources to feed into our analytics services. We may deliver marketing messages, such as banner ads or content, to users who have been exposed to our marketing partner’s media in order to serve subsequent marketing messages based on changes in the city that the user’s device is in. For these marketing messages, the information that we collect includes Non-PII information such as IP addresses, destination derived from cell towers, information from the destinations of Wifi routers and other means of determining (on a city-wide level) the destination of a computing device. Should a user wish not to have the messages his/her device is exposed to and the subsequent changes in the device’s destination measured broadly in aggregate, he / she may opt out by following the instructions in the opt out section below. Arrivalist uses the information that we collect or license to report—in aggregate – on the effectiveness of marketing campaigns on influencing users to experience new places. We report to advertisers which online marketing messages (email, banner ads, site visits, video views, etc) precede changes in a device’s destination. Arrivalist does not sell the data that we collect to third parties. Arrivalist does provide a reporting interface where our clients, the marketers, may gather actionable insights about consumer behavior, competitive share, market trends, and the effectiveness of their campaigns. In addition, Arrivalist may promote travel-related messages from our affiliates, and deliver ads in the aggregate (not to individuals) to devices which our technology has indicated have changed destinations recently.We will not share our data with third parties unless we are required to by legal authorities or compelled to in a court of law. Arrivalist stores its data in distributed data storage system. In the process of storing and retrieving information from such systems, some of our information may cross international borders. We do collect some limited visitation information about the effectiveness of online marketing initiatives from around the world. By submitting your data to Arrivalist or utilizing our services, you consent to the transfer of this information in various countries around the world. Web Server Cookies Arrivalist uses cookies on our website and in our marketing services for a few purposes. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive and are used in website system administration to keep track of movement of an individual from one screen to another. This information may be used by our staff to detect and resolve website problems and to assist with customer support concerns. We also use the information recorded in our cookies to report on the effectiveness of ad campaigns. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent this. Please be assured that accepting a cookie does not give us access to your computer or personal information under any circumstances. We may use the information provided by cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes to help us better serve our clients. No information that personally identifies site visitors will be collected through or recorded to the cookies. Visitors can set their browsers to block and/or notify themselves of a cookie’s presence — thereby accepting or declining a cookie. No personally identifying information from site visitors will be collected. Arrivalist uses cookies to display advertisements to a user when that user is in the market that they have seen a promotion for on Arrivalist or a destination that they have requested information about or when our technology detects that the device has changed cities. For example, if a user were to visit a Tennessee tourism website and request a brochure, we may target ads to that user then they are in Tennessee that promote, for example, attractions to see in Tennessee or places to visit. Arrivalist uses cookies to promote the company’s own services and to promote messages from partner advertisers. If a user requests a brochure from a destination, for example, Arrivalist uses cookies collected from that site visit to display additional ads from the destination that the user has requested information about. We may also use cookies from a user’s visit in order promote our website or other advertisers messages through third parties. However, no personally- identifiable information will be shared with those third parties. Finally, Arrivalist uses cookies in order to monitor whether a user responds to a promotion for a destination on our site by visiting that destination. This information is collected in aggregate and may be shared with the destination marketers that we work with. No personal information is collected or distributed to third parties as part of this process. Opting Out A user may opt-out of advertisement targeted to the cookies that they have received from a Arrivalist site visit and delete the cookies resulting from a site visit by visiting these pages: You can opt out of Arrivalist cookies by clicking here: Arrivalist Cookie Opt Out You can opt out of Arrivalist device id tracking by clicking here: Arrivalist Device Id Opt Out OPT OUT OF ALL TRACKING THROUGH INDUSTRY GROUPS Through the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), You can opt out of all partner cookies by clicking here: Partner Cookies Opt out . You can also opt out of all tracking through Digital Advertising Alliance’s Ad Choices program you can opt-out of all tracking by visiting http://optout.aboutads.info . Finally, as a European consumer, you may review the different options for your country at this page http://www.youronlinechoices.eu , as well as opt-out of specific programs. External Links The Arrivalist website contains links to other Websites belonging to alliance partners, clients, and other sites of interest to our users. Arrivalist does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. Should users depart Arrivalist’s site, it is recommended they read all relevant privacy policies. Security Arrivalist.com is committed to safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We maintain reasonable physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware that although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for the information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Children Under the Age of 13 This site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@arrivalist.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. Information Sharing and Disclosure We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. Arrivalist may provide the information collected to our business partners, which are under nondisclosure agreements with us not to disclose the information to anyone else, in order to assist us in growing our business with respect to similar products and services. If site visitors do not want their information shared in this manner they will have a chance to opt out prior to collection. Some of these business partners are located in the United States and others may be located in countries throughout the world. Arrivalist may use or disclose information, including PII and Non-PII, to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request or other legal process, or as otherwise permitted by law. Arrivalist may also use or disclose information to prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of Arrivalist’s terms of use. In the event of a corporate reorganization, either by an operation of law, merger or purchase of assets, your information may be subject to a different privacy policy which we will make available on our website. Inquiries Regarding Policy If site visitors have any questions concerning this privacy policy, general inquiries, media matters, or other matters described above, contact Arrivalist via email at privacy@arrivalist.com . Frequently Asked Questions Regarding The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) The information contained in this FAQ is not legal advice. Please contact a licensed attorney for guidance specific to your situation. When does the GDPR take effect? May 25, 2018Who does the GDPR apply to? Any company or organization which processes and holds the Personal Data of Data Subjects residing in the EU will be obliged to abide by the GDPR. This applies to every organization, regardless of whether or not they themselves reside in one of the 28 EU member states.Is your company working towards meeting the requirements of the GDPR? Yes. Arrivalist is participating in the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe’s “GDPR Transparency and Consent Framework” as a “third party” seeking to process Personal Data. What constitutes “Personal Data”? Any information related to a natural person (“Data Subject”), that can be used to directly or indirectly identify the person. It can be anything from a name, a photo, an email address, bank details, posts on social networking websites, medical information, or a computer IP address, according to the terms of the GDPR. Please note that IP addresses are not considered personally identifiable data in the US because the address associated with one user changes often. Is Arrivalist a “Data Controller” under the GDPR. No, Arrivalist is not a Data Controller. For its services, Arrivalist does not define how personal data is processed and the purposes for which it is processed.Is Arrivalist a “Data Processor” under the GDPR. Yes, Arrivalist processes Personal Data on behalf of its clients, who are Data Controllers.What Personal Data does Arrivalist collect and share? None. Arrivalist is not a Data Controller (which defines how personal data is processed and the purposes for which it is processed) and does not for itself collect, store, or share Personal Data. What legal basis does Arrivalist have to process and store Personal Data (e.g. consent, legitimate interest)? Arrivalist’s processing and storage of Personal Data is performed at the behest of Arrivalist’s clients who are the Data Collectors that control the media on which consents are collected (e.g., websites) and who define the legitimate interest for the collection of Personal Data.Is Arrivalist obtaining consents from consumers? No. Arrivalist is not a Data Controller, and Arrivalist’s services do not involve consent collection. Does Arrivalist have a direct relationship with the Data Subject whose data Arrivalist processes? No.Does Arrivalist share with its Media Partners Personal Data that is sourced from 3rd parties (e.g. mobile apps, publishers, SSPs, social sharing buttons etc.)? No. Arrivalist does not share any Personal Data with its Media Partners (advertisers who place Arrivalist’s pixels in paid media).How does Arrivalist plan to disseminate consents to Media Partners? Since Arrivalist does not have a direct relationship with Data Subjects this does not apply to Arrivalist.Does Arrivalist have a technical approach for how Arrivalist will receive from Media Partners Data Subjects’ requests to be erased (forgotten)? Yes, Arrivalist provides an email address to receive requests ( privacy@arrivalist.com ). This email is monitored regularly by Arrivalist personnel.Does Arrivalist collect Personal Data from children? What ages do you use for this determination (e.g. 13? 16? 18?). Please specify if this differs by market? No. Arrivalist does not collect, store or share Personal Data from children. Are an individual’s preferences and changes to those preferences communicated to third parties to whom their personal information has been disclosed? Arrivalist does not pass along any personal data to third-parties. When Arrivalist receives a do- not-track signal, Arrivalist ceases to monitor a consumer’s GPS data and does not retain the IP Address.Is the Personal Data collected limited to the information necessary and relevant to the processing for which the information was collected? Arrivalist is not a Data Controller and does not for itself collect Personal Data. Do your Personal Data processing activities include the processing of sensitive personal information (information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, and genetic data or data concerning health or sex life and sexual orientation)? No. PRIVACY STATEMENT-CALIFORNIA This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Statement of Arrivalist Co. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Category Examples Collected A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. NO B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). NO D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. NO E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological,behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. NO G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. NO H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. NO J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. NO K.Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. NO Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records.De-identified or aggregated consumer information.Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from our clients or their agents.Indirectly from our clients or their agents. For example, through information we collect from our clients in the course of providing services to them.Directly and indirectly from activity on our website (www.arrivalist.com). For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically.From third-party data providers that interact with us in connection with the services we perform. For example, from third-party data licensor, such as Cuebiq . Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.To improve our website and present its contents to you.For testing, research, analysis and product development.As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Category A: Identifiers. Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: Service providers.Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information. Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Calling us at (833) 278-5781Visiting Arrivalist.com and filling out the Consent Withdrawal Form below Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone: (833) 278-5781 Website: https://www.arrivalist.com Email: privacy@arrivalist.com Postal Address: Arrivalist Co. Attn: Privacy Compliance 1460 Broadway, 6th Floor New York, NY 10036 Say Hello 1460 Broadway 6th Flr. New York, NY 10036 535 Mission St, 14th floor San Francisco, CA 94105 Facebook Linkedin Twitter Careers Contact Us Privacy & GDPR Copyright 2023 Arrivalist By continuing to browse, you agree to the storing of first- and third-party cookies on your device to remember registration details, collect statistics to enhance usability, analyze site usage, customize content delivered to you, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Settings | Privacy Policy .