Privacy Policy Effective as of December 6, 2022. ART19 LLC and its subsidiaries, (" ART19 ," " we ," " us ," or " our ") respect your privacy. We may refer to you as " you ," or " your ." We provide services for users to create, manage, and monetize podcasts. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), “personal information” means any information related to an identified or identifiable individual, and does not include data whereby personally identifiable information has been removed (such as anonymous data). The purpose of this Policy is to inform you about the personal information we collect, use, and share in the context of our website at https://art19.com/ and related subdomains (“Website”) and the podcast services in connection with our customer, partner, reseller, and vendor relationships (together with the Website, the “Services”), and the ways in which you can control how we use and share that information. When you access our Website, ART19 is the entity responsible for the processing of your information and, for the purposes of European and UK data protection laws, the “data controller” of your personal information. In the EU and the UK, where we have an arrangement in place with a company who is redirecting you to access podcasts through our Services, we in some circumstances obtain and process your personal information on behalf of and at the instructions of such a customer as a processor. This Policy does not apply to other companies' or organizations' sites or to companies we do not own or control. It does not cover how companies who are our customers may treat your personal information outside of the Services, as the use of your personal information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control. We encourage you to read their privacy policies. 1. Personal Information We Collect We obtain personal information and data relating to you from various sources described below. Personal Information You Provide to Us via the Website Registration data : To create an account as a customer, we ask you to provide your email address, a password for your account, and other information necessary to create and maintain your account. Contact information and other information you choose to provide to ART19 : If you choose to participate in certain features, you may provide us with your contact information, including your name, mailing address, and phone number. You also have the ability to provide a variety of other information during your interactions with us, such as through e-mails or surveys you choose to participate in. Personal Information Collected via Automated Means on the Services Device and usage information : When you access and use the Services directly e.g. by accessing a podcast, we receive and store information about interactions with our Services, such as date/time stamps, usage information and statistics, as well as your device, including your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, device type, device identifiers, operating system version and type, internet service provider, and phone carrier. Information from cookies and similar technologies : We collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies on our Website (collectively referred to as “cookies”). For more information on our use of cookies, see below under: “How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies” for more information. Listening Information : When you interact with our podcast services, we collect and process some information about listening activity, which may include the number and title of podcasts listened to, the podcast series or episodes shared, podcasts skipped, shows subscribed to, the length of time a podcast was listened to, and where the podcast was listened to (e.g. what website or application), date/time stamps and usage information, and statistics. We also collect device information such as IP address, operating system, and device type. We approximate high-level location information and use it for purposes such as selecting what content or advertisement(s) the listener hears in the podcast. Personal Information We Receive from Third Parties Outside of the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), Switzerland or the UK, we also collect information about listeners from third parties and combine it with other information we have about them. For example, we may receive advertising segments from third party advertising data partners that are tied to your IP address. 2.How We Use Personal Information We Receive or Collect ART19 uses your personal information for the following purposes: To facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our Website.To provide, maintain, and improve our Services, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.To measure and analyze how you use the Services.To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as enabling you to receive automated reports.To send you marketing materials, alerts about the latest developments and features or other promotional materials, and to develop new promotional materials that may be useful or relevant to our customers. To communicate with you regarding administrative information, such as security or support and maintenance advisories, to respond to comments and questions, and to otherwise provide customer support.For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Business Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.To provide podcast services to listeners on behalf of our customers. To deliver relevant advertisements via the podcast services. In the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we only determine relevance based on your high-level geolocation.To create anonymized and aggregate statistics regarding the use of the Services. These statistics are not personal information as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. If we combine or connect aggregated or anonymized data with your personal information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we will treat the combined data as personal information and process it in accordance with this Policy. If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we only use your personal information as described in this section if we have a valid legal ground for the processing, in particular when: You have consented to the use of your personal information, for example, to receive electronic marketing communications.We need your personal information to provide you with a service in order to perform our end of our contracts with you, such as to create and secure your account, or to respond to your inquiries.We have a legal obligation to use your personal information, such as the obligation to protect intellectual property rights and restrict content available on the Services based on your location. We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your personal information, such as understanding the usage of and improving the Services. 3. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies Cookies are small pieces of data that may be stored in and retrieved from your web browser while you browse a website. We use cookies to collect information about your browsing activities and to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This aids your experience when you browse our Website and allows us to understand and improve the functionality of our Services. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies : Some cookies are strictly necessary to make our Website available to you; for example, to perform your sign in functionality and for user authentication and security. We cannot provide you with the Website without this type of cookies. Functional cookies : These are used to recognize you when you return to our Website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your account preferences. Analytical or performance cookies : We also use cookies for analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain, and improve our Website. We use third party analytics providers, including Google Analytics, to help us understand how users engage with the Website. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track user interactions which helps show how users use our Website. This information is used to compile reports and to help us improve our Website. The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you use our services by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or via Google’s Ads settings. 4. How We Share Your Personal Information ART19 may share your personal information in the following circumstances: Service providers : We share your information with our vendors and service providers that perform services on our behalf. These third parties may have access to or process personal information about you as part of providing those services for us.Information you publicly disclose : Any information you publish or post to publicly available pages on our Website may be read, collected, and used by others who access such pages. Such information can also be seen, accessed, shared, or downloaded through third party services such as search engines, APIs, apps, websites, and other services. Advertising partners : Outside of the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, we share your information with third party advertising partners, including advertising data partners that provide us with advertising segments, advertising measurement partners that help us and our advertising partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, and other advertising partners we work with to show you ads that we think may interest you. As required by law and similar disclosures : We may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss to property; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. Change of corporate ownership : We reserve the right to transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, acquirers, successors, assignees or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. With consent : We may also disclose your information with your permission. 5. Managing Your Information We offer you a number of ways to manage the personal information you provide to us or we collect via automated means on the Services: Modify your registration data : We provide you with the ability to modify your registration data, which you may do through the “My Profile” section of our website or by contacting us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below. Modify your e-marketing preferences : When you register for the Services, you may elect to receive promotional, marketing, or other similar emails tailored to your interests. You may follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the promotional, marketing, or other similar emails you receive. However, we may still send you administrative emails when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we may send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these administrative communications, which are not promotional in nature. Cancel or deactivate accounts : If you would like to request the cancellation or deactivation of your account, you should contact us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below for assistance. Cancellation or deactivation of your account does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you may have posted or otherwise made available publicly on the Services while you were a registered user. You should also contact us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below to request the deactivation of a profile you believe is fake or otherwise unauthorized. Published content or pages : We provide you with the ability to unpublish or modify content or pages. 6. Data Protection Rights Rights in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you have the following additional rights to: Request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you;Update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information;Restrict or object to the processing of your personal information;Have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate;Exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your personal information to another company;Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your personal information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal; Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work, or where an incident took place. Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.You may exercise these rights as described in the “Managing Your Information” section or by contacting us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below. California Privacy Rights The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to provide podcast listeners who reside in California with the additional notice below. We collect and disclose for a business purpose the following categories of Personal Information about podcast listeners (for the purposes of this section of the Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” has the meaning provided in the CCPA): Identifiers, including IP address or other similar identifiers, which we receive from your device when you interact with our podcast services. Service Providers Advertising Partners An entity engaged in a business transfer Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies Geolocation data, specifically, while we do not collect precise geolocation data from GPS sensors, we do receive general location information based on your IP address from Service Providers. Service Providers An entity engaged in a business transfer Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies Internet or other electronic network activity information, which we receive from your device when you interact with our podcast services, including information regarding your interaction with our website, such as your browser type, device type, operating system version and type, date/time stamps, and listening or other usage information, such as the number and title of podcasts you’ve listened to, shared, and skipped. Service Providers Advertising Partners An entity engaged in a business transfer Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies Inferences drawn from Personal Information, including advertising segments we receive from Advertising Partners that may reflect information such as your interests, preferences, and demographics. Service Providers An entity engaged in a business transfer Law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies ART19 uses podcast listeners’ information for the following purposes: To provide podcast services to listeners on behalf of our customers, and to measure, analyze, and improve those servicesTo deliver relevant advertisements via the podcast servicesTo respond to podcast listeners communications if they contact usTo create anonymized and aggregate statistics regarding the use of the podcast servicesFor compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency If you are a podcast listener who resides in California, you may exercise the following rights: The right to request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you in the prior 12 monthsThe right to request details about the categories of Personal Information we collect, the categories of sources, the business or commercial purposes for collecting information, and the categories of third parties with which we share informationThe right to request deletion of the Personal Information that we have collected about you, subject to certain exemptions The right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information For clarity, please note that you have the right to make these requests, but we may not be able to fulfill certain requests if we are not able to verify your identity to the extent required by law. California residents can submit access and deletion requests online by clicking here or by emailing us at privacy@art19.com . An authorized agent may submit an access or deletion request on your behalf by sending a written authorization signed by you to privacy@art19.com . We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. The CCPA defines "selling" Personal Information to include providing it to a third party in exchange for valuable services. We disclose Identifiers and Internet or other electronic network activity information to certain third parties in exchange for valuable services, such as to Advertising Partners, which may constitute a "sale" under the CCPA. Click here to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information.You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations. Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada law requires certain businesses to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. Nevada consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights by contacting us at privacy@art19.com . We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including email address. Government identification may be required. 7. Security and Data Retention We have implemented reasonable security measures designed to protect the information we collect or receive from you. However, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. If you have any questions about security on our Services, you can contact us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below. We store all personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Policy, depending on the products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrollment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, or if required to do so for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, compliance with law and regulatory obligations, or when we otherwise believe we have a legitimate reason to do so. 8. International Data Transfers Please note that your personal information will be transferred to the United States. We may also transfer your data from the United States to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. When we do so, we shall ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for your personal information. Further details regarding the relevant safeguards can be obtained from us on request. 9. Links to Other Websites Our Services may include links to other websites or include embedded video players (e.g., Vimeo) whose privacy practices may differ from those of ART19. If you submit information to any of those websites, the privacy statements and practices of those websites govern their use of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Services. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information. 10. Our Policies Concerning Children ART19 prohibits registration by children and does not knowingly collect information or personal information from anyone under 16 years of age. In the event we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from children under the age of 16, we will take measures to remove such information from our servers. If you believe that we might have any information or personal information from a child under 16, please contact us as set out below. 11. Changes to our Privacy Policy We will post any adjustments to the Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share information previously collected from you through the service, we will notify you through the service, by email, or other communication. Complaints If you wish to lodge a complaint about how we process your personal information, please contact us at support@art19.com. We will endeavour to respond to your complaint as soon as possible. You may also lodge a claim with the data protection supervisory authority in the EU country in which you live or work, or where you believe we have infringed data protection laws. 12. Contact Us If you have any questions about this privacy policy, our privacy practices or to exercise your rights, please email us at support@art19.com, or write to us at: ART19, LLC Attn: Legal Department 525 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 Cookie Preferences Manage Consent Preferences Analytical or Performance Cookies Analytical or Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label