Privacy Center Welcome to the Eyeota Privacy Center The purpose of this Privacy Center is to give you more information about how we manage our privacy compliance globally, highlight how we protect and manage personal data and provide details how you can exercise your rights as a data subject. Within this Center you can access the following information: Privacy Policies Your Data Rights Useful Information 1-866-I-OPT-OUT Eyeota Service Code: 714 Eyeota. All Rights Reserved. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent AllowedBidSwitch Privacy Policy BidSwitch Privacy Policy Last updated: August 20, 2021 BIDSWITCH GmbH respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Notice only applies to personal data that we collect through our website, www.BIDSWITCH.com (“ Websites ”). If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice. Quick links We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section. What does BIDSWITCH do? BIDSWITCH is a provider of real time online advertising support services, headquartered in Switzerland, but with group companies all around the world. Our services enable buyers and sellers of online media to trade media with each other. For more information about BIDSWITCH, please see the “About” section of our Website at https://www.bidswitch.com/about/ . What information do we collect? Information that you provide voluntarily: We may collect information from you when you register with us on our website, place an inquiry, apply for a job, respond to a survey or visit our websites. When registering on our website you may be asked to provide us with information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, website and company information. We use your personal information to respond to your requests for customer support, or to provide you with information you request about our products and services Information that we collect automatically: When you visit our Website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website, including the pages accessed and links clicked. Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to our visitors. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Do we use cookies?” below and in our full Cookie Statement , available. Information that we obtain from third party sources: From time to time, we may receive personal data about you from third-party sources, but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal data to us. The types of information and third parties we collect from include where you visit a website that displays advertising provided via one of our advertising technology partners, that partner may provide us with an extract from a cookie stored by the website that you are visiting to help select advertising or content relevant to your interests. For what purposes do we use your information for? Any of the personal data that we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs);To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you);To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your enquiries, applications and support needs);To administer a survey or other website feature;To send periodic emails; orFor any other purpose with your informed consent. Note: If at any time you would like to stop receiving emails or communications from us, you can contact us at info@bidswitch.net and we will remove you from our database. How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the security of your personal data. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you. Do we use cookies? Yes, for more information see our Cookie Statement To opt-out from our cookie(s), please click this link .Do we disclose any information to third parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal data. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property, or safety. We may provide visitor information to third parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. We may disclose your personal data to the following categories of third parties: to our group companies, third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website), or who otherwise process personal data for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or that you are notified of at the time we collect your personal data.to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person; to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal data only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;to any other person with your consent to the disclosure. International data transfers Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). Specifically, some of our website servers are located in the USA and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal data we may process it in any of these countries. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. For any transfers out of the EEA, we will put in place appropriate safeguards in accordance with European law, such as executing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal data between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect the personal data that they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. Data retention We retain personal data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Third-party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. Children’s Information Our Website is intended for a general audience and is not directed at children who are under 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) of children. We also do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents. Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the EEA Data protection laws in Europe distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”). BIDSWITCH acts as a controller with respect to personal data collected as you interact with our Website.Legal basis for processing personal data Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only (i) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; (ii) where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you or (iii) where we have your consent to do so. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you. If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal data). If we collect and use your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our Websites and services; communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and, if appropriate, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the How to contact us heading below. IAB Transparency and Consent Framework BIDSWITCH participates in the “Transparency & Consent Framework” (“TCF”), developed by the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) for the purpose of GDPR compliance and complies with its Specifications and Policies. BIDSWITCH is registered with the IAB as a Vendor, our identification number within the framework is 128. Your Data Subject Rights You have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set out in the “How to contact us” section below and specify which right you are seeking to exercise. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. If personal data about you has been processed by us as a processor on behalf of a client and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal data, please inquire with our client directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our client on whose behalf we processed your personal data. We will refer your request to that client, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request. Please note that we retain information as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements. If you have any issues with our compliance, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@bidswitch.net . You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. Additional Disclosures for California Residents Our Websites are intended to provide information and services to job applicants and existing or potential business clients. You understand and agree that information collected about you is solely within the context of either (i) your status as a job applicant; or, (ii) your role as an employee, owner, director, officer, or contractor of a company conducting due diligence regarding BIDSWITCH providing or receiving a product or service. Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information.To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in “How to contact us” below and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year. As a California resident you can make choices about the sale and sharing of your personal information. Please click here for our CCPA Privacy Center for further details. Changes to our Privacy Notice If we decide to change this Privacy Notice, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Notice modification date at the top of this Notice. How to contact us If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Notice or your privacy rights you may contact us at privacy@bidswitch.net . The Data Controller of your personal data is BIDSWITCH GmbH of Bahnhofstrasse 28, Postfach 7563, 6302, Zug, Switzerland. BIDSWITCH is a member of the IPONWEB Group of companies. For details regarding other Data Controllers in the IPONWEB Group, please see https://www.iponweb.com/contact . Proud members of: © 2023 IPONWEB Limited. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Cookie Statement | Policies and Legal | Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyFunctional CookiesPerformance CookiesStrictly Necessary CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Vendor Search Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie StatementAmazon.com Privacy Notice Last updated: August 11, 2023. To see prior version, We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services"). By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect? We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services. Here are the types of personal information we collect: Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services. Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with products, content, and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision, sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store, such as the products and services you interact with. Click here to see examples of what we collect. Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily. Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive. For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information? We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include: Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers. Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services. Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services. Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services , click here . Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes. Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat). Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information? Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions with that third party. Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. Protection of Amazon and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. How Secure Is Information About Me? We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal information to you. Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.What About Advertising? Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the Your Ads Privacy Choices page. Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases, product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out of personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral advertising) by going to the Your Ads Privacy Choices page. What Information Can I Access? You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your Account" section of the website. Click here for a list of examples that you can access. What Choices Do I Have? If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Customer Service . Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What Information Can I Access? . When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records. If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device. You may adjust your personalized advertising preferences by visiting Your Ads Privacy Choices . The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and blocking cookies on your browser.You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store here , remove recommendations you don’t want to see here by selecting View All and Manage then selecting the Remove Items toggle that appears at the top of the page, and edit your browsing history here . You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices"), device, or application. For more information click here .Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central , update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information , and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences . If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively. If you shop in our physical stores, you can manage how certain data is used to analyze the performance of our products and services, as well as learn more In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, you may go to Data Privacy Queries . Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services? Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian. For more information, please see our EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework*. Click here to learn more. *We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework until they enter into force, but we adhere to their required commitments in anticipation of their doing so. Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures Click here to read additional state-specific privacy disclosures as required under applicable laws. Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.Related Practices and Information Examples of Information Collected Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services You provide information to us when you: search or shop for products or services in our stores;add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services;download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application on a device;provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address or mobile number when shopping with us) or Your Profile ; talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;upload your contacts;configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service;provide information in your Kindle Direct Publishing account , Developer account , or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers; offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other Amazon Services;use our services such as Prime Video;compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists , or other gift registries; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;provide and rate Reviews ;specify a Special Occasion Reminder; oremploy Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;payment information;your age;your location information;your IP address;people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;email addresses of your friends and other people;content of reviews and emails to us; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ;voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's license numbers;corporate and financial information;credit history information; anddevice log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices. Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyze include: the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;login, email address, and password; the location of your device or computer;content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider; device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images); version and time zone settings;purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ;the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); phone numbers used to call our customer service number; andimages or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services. We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include: updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; andcredit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers. Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include: status of recent orders (including subscriptions);your complete order history;personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address book);payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and gift card balances, and 1-Click settings);email notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special Occasion Reminders and newsletters); recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized advertising preferences;content that you recently viewed;voice recordings associated with your account; Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile);If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your account in If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update your accounts, on the Author Central website, as applicable. If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your accounts in the Was this information helpful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback. Please select what best describes the information: This information is confusing or wrong This isn't the information I was looking for I don't like this policy Submit Thanks!While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help. Legal Policies Amazon.com Privacy Notice Quick solutions Your Orders Track or cancel orders Returns & Refunds Exchange or return items Manage Prime Cancel or view benefits Payment Settings Add or edit payment methods Carrier Info Shipping carrier information Account Settings Change email or password Back to top English United States Stream millionsof songs Find, attract, andengage customers Score dealson fashion brands Books, art& collectibles Audiobook PublishingMade Easy Start a Selling Account Everything ForYour Business Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door Ship OrdersInternationally Experienced ProsHappiness Guarantee Scalable CloudComputing Services Listen to Books & OriginalAudio Performances Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide Find MovieBox Office Data Thousands ofDigital Comics DigitalPhotography Sewing, Quilting& Knitting Book reviews& recommendations Movies, TV& Celebrities Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need Indie Digital & Print PublishingMade Easy Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime Video DistributionMade Easy DesignerFashion Brands Great Deals onQuality Used Products America’s HealthiestGrocery Store Deals and Shenanigans Shoes &Clothing Smart HomeSecurity Systems Stream 4K Videoin Every Room Smart Securityfor Every Home Real-Time Crime& Safety Alerts Top subscription boxes – right to your door Pharmacy Simplified Like-new productsyou can trust © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliatesPrivacy Policy Privacy Practices for Our Amazon Ad Server Websites (e.g., www.sizmek.com) Amazon Ad Server (formerly known as Sizmek Ad Server) (“we” and “us”) firmly believes in the importance of online privacy. We do not collect information that enables us to determine your actual identity before, during or after your visit to this corporate website (sizmek.com) or our regional sites accessible from this website (the “Amazon Ad Server Websites”), other than information that you voluntarily supply to us (e.g. by submitting information through the “Contact Us” form). We may, however, automatically receive and store certain other information, such as your IP address and browser type, when your device accesses our site, and we also use cookies on Amazon Ad Server Websites for purposes such as counting website visits and recording unique or repeat visitors. In some areas of the world, information such as IP addresses, cookie identifiers and device identifiers may be considered to be personal information (sometimes referred to as personal data) that is protected under applicable laws. Where this is the case, we comply with applicable laws regarding our use and processing of personal information. You can learn more about opting out of our use of cookies in the Opt-Out Options and Additional Information section below. Amazon Europe Core S.à.r.l. acts as a data controller for the processing of personal data related to the Amazon Ad Server Websites and our business and as a data processor for information we collect and process on behalf of advertisers, advertising agencies, publishers, and other users of Amazon Ad Server services in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. If you have questions about privacy at Amazon Ad Server, you may contact us using the contact details provided under the “If You Have Questions About This Policy” heading below. For What Purposes Does Amazon Ad Server Use Your Personal Information? Amazon Ad Server uses personal information that you provide us or that is collected by us when you interact with our Amazon Ad Server Websites and other Amazon Ad Server content to operate, provide, develop, and improve our products and services. These purposes are listed in more detail below: Sale and delivery of our products and services. We use your personal information to manage and deliver orders and subscriptions, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers. Provision, troubleshooting, and improvement of our services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of our services. Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with our services. Compliance with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we may collect certain information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for recordkeeping and compliance purposes. Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to our services via different channels (e.g., by phone, e-mail, or chat). Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for our features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, affiliates, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks. For information on how Amazon Ad Server uses personal information collected and processed through Amazon Ad Server services on behalf of our customers, please refer to the “Data Collection through Amazon Ad Server Services” section below and related sections. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, “our customers” refers to advertisers, advertising agencies, publishers, and other users of Amazon Ad Server services. Data Collection through Amazon Ad Server Services What does Amazon Ad Server do? Through our services, our customers may collect and use information about your device to provide you with a more tailored online advertising experience. Our customers use Amazon Ad Server’s tools and services to create and deliver advertisements (also referred to as ad serving), to monitor the success of and manage advertising campaigns, to detect and minimize advertising fraud and, ultimately, to present you with advertisements that are more likely to be interesting and relevant to you.When providing these services to our customers, Amazon Ad Server acts as a service provider, except with respect to providing cross-context behavioral advertising services (as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act). This means that the customers are responsible for the processing of personal data relating to you, while Amazon Ad Server processes such data based on the customer’s instructions.. How does Amazon Ad Server deliver advertising on behalf of our customers? Amazon Ad Server’s cookies and similar technologies (described below) are deployed on your devices, and through the third-party websites and mobile applications you use. The information we collect is associated with your cookie identifiers and/or mobile advertising identifiers (if you are using a mobile device), as well as your IP address. We never collect information about your actual identity. As explained above, our technology employs cookies, device identifiers and similar technologies (like pixels and statistical device identifiers) to collect information about your browser or device, the sites it has visited and the apps it has used, the advertisements served to it, interactions with those advertisements, and, where available, the approximate geographic location of the device (“ad serving information”). We use the ad serving information we collect to deliver an advertisement to you from a company who engages our services and to measure engagement with such advertisement. This information is collected in the course of providing our customers with ad-serving and campaign management services and is used for the purpose of helping our customers determine which advertisement is suitable to be delivered to you. This ad serving information, which does not enable Amazon Ad Server to determine your actual identity, may be shared with our customers and Amazon Ad Server’s and our customers’ partners for our customers’ advertising purposes. We use reasonable efforts to require our customers and partners to treat the information we share with them in accordance with applicable laws, the terms of the contracts we may have with them, and their own privacy policies. Cross-device advertising We use the term “device” or “devices” to refer collectively to computers and mobile devices, as well as the internet browsers and other applications on your devices that interact with the internet. Amazon Ad Server may engage in cross-device data collection, which refers to the process of collecting data from separate devices that have been determined through statistical analysis to be linked or related, on behalf of our customers. Amazon Ad Server, or partners that we employ to provide this service, use cross-device data to provide advertising services to our customers and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple devices. Information Collected by Customers and Their Partners Please note that Amazon Ad Server customers sometimes include their own (or their partners’) ad- tags, pixels or similar technologies within advertisements that Amazon Ad Server serves to websites for those customers. Amazon Ad Server does not control such collection or processing and we use reasonable efforts to require customers to treat such information in accordance with applicable laws and their own privacy policies. In addition, if you visit a website or mobile application that uses Amazon Ad Server services, or click through an ad to the website or online service of one of our customers, those customers may collect additional information about your visit beyond the information described in this privacy policy. They may also allow other companies (such as other ad networks or web analytics services) to collect information through mechanisms such as cookies, pixels and similar technologies. Amazon Ad Server is not responsible for and cannot control the data collection and use practices of its customers or their partners. You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit and the online services and interactive ads that you use to understand what information companies collect and how they use that information. On occasion, at the request and on behalf of a customer, Amazon Ad Server may collect personal information supplied voluntarily by consumers through their interaction with data collection fields in the body of advertisements or on websites (such as name, email, etc.). This personal information is provided directly to the customer on whose behalf the information was collected, or the customer’s service providers, and is processed by Amazon Ad Server only to the extent and as long as is necessary to provide the advertising services for which the personal information was collected. Amazon Ad Server is not responsible for its customers’ use of this voluntarily supplied data.Amazon Ad Server does not distribute this personal information to any party other than those indicated within the advertisement or, at the customers’ direction, their service providers. Amazon Ad Server never associates any of this personal information with any other data (such as ad serving information) gathered or used in the delivery of advertisements. Links to Other Sites Our site and the advertisements we serve on behalf of customers may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours. In addition, there may be links to other sites provided within the body of advertisements on other websites. We do not have control over the information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected. Privacy Practices for Advertising and Content Served by Amazon Ad Server We respect your right to privacy throughout all of the services we provide. In particular, Amazon Ad Server adheres to the principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) regarding our use of data for interest-based advertising purposes. Delivering relevant ads, on behalf of our customers, that are tailored to users’ interests is known as “interest based advertising” (sometimes also referred to as “behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising”). We also subscribe to the policies of the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework, as a registered vendor on the Global Vendor List. For more information about these organizations, their policies and interest-based advertising, please visit their websites by clicking on the following links: DAA ( here ), EDAA ( here ), or the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework ( here ). Data Security and Retention We have appropriate technical and organizational security measures in place to help protect the personal information that is submitted to us voluntarily through our web site or collected through interactions with our services. However, no system can be completely secure, and we make no guarantees as to the safety or security of any information transmitted to or from this site or through our services. Amazon Ad Server retains cookie information and information we receive from your device in log files for up to 13 months from the time it is stored, after which time the information is deleted. Our Use of Advertising Technologies This section provides additional information about the various technologies that Amazon Ad Server uses to manage Amazon Ad Server Websites and to deliver ads to you and services to our customers, including services that collect ad serving information when you interact with our customers’ ads or the sites and applications where their ads are provided.. Cookies We use cookies to provide functionality to Amazon Ad Server Websites and also to deliver our advertising services to our customers. A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on your computer or device when you view an advertisement or website relating to one of our customers. The cookie does not contain your name, address, phone number, email address, or anything that enables us to determine your actual identity. Instead, Amazon Ad Server uses cookies to collect information such as a computer’s IP address, the type of the computer’s operating system, the type of internet browser software, what web pages were viewed and at what time. A common use of cookies (on behalf of our customers) is to determine if a particular ad has already been served to a specific device and to cap the frequency at which that ad is presented to the same device. To learn more about the cookies we serve (including how to opt-out of them), please visit the Opt-Out Options and Additional Information section below. Mobile Advertising Identifiers Most mobile devices include an identifier that allows application publishers and marketers to track user activity on mobile devices for advertising purposes (for example, Google’s Android Advertising Identifier (AAID) and Apple’s Identifier for Advertising (IDFA)). Amazon Ad Server may use mobile advertising identifiers for the same purposes for which we use cookies and statistical identifiers, including serving ads on behalf of its customers. Log files Like most websites and advertising services providers, we gather certain information when you visit or interact with Amazon Ad Server Websites and on our customers’ behalf when you encounter our customers’ ads and websites. This information is collected automatically and stored in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.This information, which does not allow us to determine your actual identity, is used for purposes such as administering the site and the services, analyzing trends, and measuring user engagement with content. Pixels (also known as Clear Gifs) On behalf of our customers, we may employ advertising pixels (a.k.a. clear gifs) on websites and advertisements that interact with some of our services. Pixels help our customers better manage content and advertising on websites by informing as to what content is effective. Pixels are graphics embedded invisibly in web and advertising content and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Pixels work with cookies to record the interactions of users with websites and advertisements. Statistical Identifiers and Cross-Device Like pixels, statistical identifiers help to better manage content and advertising on devices by informing (without using cookies) as to the content with which users interact. Statistical identifiers collect various information about a device, such as screen resolution, browser type, or operating system. Devices may have unique, or near unique, device profiles and so collecting this information helps to determine to a reasonable level of statistical accuracy the level of users’ engagement with our website or our customers’ advertisements and websites and to recognize the devices of users who interact with our or our customers’ content. The information gathered through the use of statistical identifiers is not associated with any information that would enable us to determine an individual’s actual identity. Our customers use Amazon Ad Server’s cross-device solutions to tailor advertising experience across all devices, such as a computer, mobile phone and tablet. For example, using cross-device solutions, advertisers can limit the number of times you see the same ad on multiple devices, or serve you a follow-up ad on your computer after you have seen a related ad on your mobile device. Information Relating to Children Our products and services are not designed or intended for children (as defined in applicable data protection laws). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children on the Amazon Ad Server Websites or through our services. Please advise us if you are aware of our having received personal information from a child, in which case we will take appropriate steps to delete it. For these purposes, “children” and “child” refer to ages defined by applicable law in the countries where we provide our services. International Data Transfers and Privacy Shield Compliance The personal information Amazon Ad Server processes may be transferred to, and processed in, any country in which we, our group companies, or our service providers or partners operate, and this may include countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. In particular, Amazon Ad Server complies with the EU/UK-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework. Click here to learn more. Additional US State-Specific Privacy Disclosures Click here to read additional US state-specific privacy disclosures required under applicable laws. Information Provided Under Japan’s Amended Telecommunications Business Act To read additional disclosures required under Japan’s Amended Telecommunications Business Act, click here for the Japanese language version; click here for the English language version. IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework Amazon Ad Server subscribes to the policies of the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework, as a registered vendor on the IAB Europe’s global vendor list. We process personal data for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For more information, please visit https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/ . Legal Basis and Purposes for Processing If you are a user from the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interest and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, to process your request to exercise your rights regarding your personal data). If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “If You Have Questions About This Policy” heading below. Your Data Protection Rights You have the following data protection rights: If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “If You Have Questions About This Policy”” heading below or via this web service .In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “If You Have Questions About This Policy” heading below or via this web service . You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e- mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “If You Have Questions About This Policy” heading below.Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by exercising your opt-out options. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg (www.cnpd.lu), or with a local authority.We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Third-Party Disclosures We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients: To our group companies, third-party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of the Amazon Ad Server Websites), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this privacy policy or are notified to you when we collect your personal information;To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person; To a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this privacy policy;To any other person with your consent to the disclosure. Changes to this Document Amazon Ad Server reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time and without notice. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices. If You Have Questions About This Policy To address any questions, comments, or concerns related to our privacy policy, please contact our Amazon Ad Server Support by email at or by phone at +1 (866) 438-5552 . If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, the controller of any personal information processed about you by Amazon Ad Server is Amazon Europe Core S.á.r.l., who can be contacted using the details provided above. Amazon Ad Server’s representative in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom may be contacted at dpo@sizmek.com . Opt-Out Options and Additional Information Opt-out choices Amazon Ad Server provides the following options for controlling your choices or opting out of Amazon Ad Server data collection for ad serving and for interest-based advertising.These settings must be performed on each device (including each internet browser on each device) for which you want to opt out. For more information on Amazon Ad Server’s data collection and processing policies and practices, please review this entire Privacy Policy. Since privacy controls change and are updated from time to time, Amazon Ad Server may modify the following options and information at any time. Your opt-out status for this browser: Opted-Out For mobile and other data collection methods, see the table below. OPT-OUT OPTION DESCRIPTION HOW TO SELECT THIS OPT-OUT OPTION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Your Privacy Choices You can opt out of cross-context behavioral ads. Cross- context behavioral ads use data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company's site or app. If you opt out, we won’t deliver cross-context behavioral ads to you. We’ll continue to share your data with Amazon, our parent company. We will also set the Amazon Ad Server opt-out cookie for the browser in which your opt-out choice is made. Click Here to opt-out. If you have previously opted out, and would like to reverse your setting, Click Here to opt back in. To opt-out on mobile devices and mobile apps, see Mobile Opt-Out Methods below. Advertising Industry Sites for Control of Interest-Based Advertising Amazon Ad Server participates in advertising industry self-regulatory programs that allow users to opt-out of interest- based advertising (aka online behavioral advertising) by multiple digital advertising service providers, including Amazon Ad Server. To do this, the following advertising industry programs maintain sites that enable user controls for interest-based advertising: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) DAA: To opt-out of interest-based advertising by DAA’s participating companies, visit the DAA site here . EDAA: To opt-out of interest-based advertising by EDAA’s participating companies, visit the EDAA site here . For additional information, visit the sites identified above and see Your Advertising Choices and Third Party Services in our privacy policy. Digital Advertising Alliance AppChoices App Installing the DAA AppChoices app on a mobile device permits the user to control interest-based advertising in applications on that device. For more information and to download AppChoices for your mobile devices, visit the DAA page here or visit your device’s app store and search for “AppChoices”. Other Opt-Out Methods Amazon Ad Server’s cookie or other third-party cookies may not be available on certain browsers or devices. In such situations, use one of the other applicable opt-out options described in this table. In some cases, you may also be able to opt out by visiting applicable advertiser, publisher, or provider sites that support additional opt-out options. For additional opt-out options not addressed above, you may also refer to applicable advertiser, publisher, or provider websites or other online properties. Mobile Advertising Identifiers Use mobile device settings to stop or limit interest-based advertising on that device. For instructions for using the advertising choice mechanisms provided by the most popular mobile operating systems, visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices page here . For additional information, see Mobile Opt-Out Methods below. Cross-Device Opt-Out Guidance Cross-device solutions attempt to tailor your advertising experience across all devices that may belong to you, such as your computer, mobile phone and tablet. For example, using Amazon Ad Server’s cross-device solutions, advertisers can limit the number of times you see the same ad on multiple devices, or serve you a follow-up ad on your computer after you have seen a related ad on your mobile device. Note that our cross device solution is based on probabilistic data only, which means we are guessing which devices belong to the same person but don’t actually know if they do. To stop cross-device identification by Amazon Ad Server, use the opt-out options noted above on each device that you use. For additional information, see Cross Device Opt-Out below. Browser Opt-Out Methods To opt-out on internet browsers, use the Your Privacy Choices option or Advertising Industry Sites for opt-out of Interest-Based Advertising methods described in the menu above. This process will store the Amazon Ad Server opt-out cookie in your browser, which allows us to recognize that browser in the future and respect your opt-out preferences for that browser. The cookie will apply to the specific browser you are using; if you wish to opt out for other browsers that you use, you must repeat the process using these browsers. All other cookies associated with your browser will remain intact and your opt-out will be effective with respect to the browser used as long as you do not delete the cookie file from your hard drive.Please note that if you erase all cookies from your computer, you will also erase our opt-out cookie and will need to repeat the process of opting out. Mobile Opt-Out Methods Mobile device system software offered by companies such as Apple and Google provides device- based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest based advertising on mobile devices, which is sometimes referred to as cross-app advertising. Mobile device browsers and applications may also provide certain privacy controls. Most mobile devices offer you the ability to stop the collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your device. For instructions for using the advertising choice mechanisms provided by the most popular mobile operating systems, please click the following link to the NAI’s Mobile Choices here . To opt out of Amazon Ad Server interest-based advertising on mobile devices, use the following methods described in the menu above: Digital Advertising Alliance AppChoices App, Mobile Advertising Identifiers, Cross-Device Opt-Out Guidance, and Precise Location Data. Statistical Identifier and Cross-Device Opt-Out To effectively opt-out of our cross-device data collection activities (which leverages statistical identifiers), consumers must opt-out on every device browser and device using the Browser and Mobile Opt-Out Methods described above. For more information about our use of statistical identifiers and cross device methods, please see the Statistical Identifiers and Cross-Device section of our Privacy Policy. This Amazon Ad Server Privacy Policy was last updated on June 30, 2023.OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy Last updated: December 13, 2022 1. Introduction OpenX (“ OpenX “, “ we “, “ us ” or “ our “) runs an advertising exchange (the “ Ad Exchange ”). This means that we connect companies that offer advertising space on their websites, mobile applications, or connected television applications (called “ Publishers ” in this Privacy Policy) with brands, advertising agencies, and demand side platforms (called “ Advertising Partners ” in this Privacy Policy) looking to purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their products or services to consumers like you. We know you may have questions and concerns about who is collecting your data, how your data is used, and how Publishers and Advertising Partners seem to know which products and services you may be interested in as you engage online. We’ve designed this Privacy Policy to help answer those questions with respect to the data that flows through our systems, and to make sure you know how to take action to prevent or limit our collection and use of your data for interest-based advertising (sometimes called “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) if you choose to do so by clicking here . We encourage you to read the whole Privacy Policy, because it provides important information about how we may process your data, and the choices or rights you may have with respect to our processing of your data. In the meantime, here are some key takeaways: We collect data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers. This data may include personal information about you such as your device identifiers, location, browsing history, and specific interests, and it may be collected from a variety of partners, such as Publishers operating news, dating, weather, health, retail, gaming, or streaming websites and apps. We use this data to understand your online activity and interests over time so we can serve you relevant ads. Using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity, we collect data about you across different websites and apps, and across different devices. So, we may know you visited a website on Monday from your desktop computer to look at a product, returned to the website on Tuesday from your mobile phone to add the product to your check-out basket, and finally completed your purchase of the product on Wednesday from your tablet. We use this data to learn about your interests over time and understand what products and services may be most relevant to you. We share this data with third parties. We share the data we collect about you, and the information we learn from it, with the Advertising Partners that use our Ad Exchange to help them decide whether, where, and how to serve (or re-serve) advertisements for particular products or services to you. We may also share some of your data with trusted third party data providers and service providers. We don’t know your name, but we do know your online identifier. None of the data we collect or share about you via our Ad Exchange is connected to your clear-text name, contact information, or other information that could directly identify you as an individual. But, it is connected to the cookies and other persistent identifiers that are affiliated with your unique online activity. So, while we (and the partners who use our Ad Exchange) may know about the interests and online activity of Internet user ABC123, we don’t know that Internet user ABC123 goes by your name. You can opt out of interest-based advertising. While we strongly believe that our services help foster a healthy Internet, grow a strong economy, and enhance your online experience, we understand that not everyone wants to receive interest-based (i.e., “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral”) advertisements. You can opt out by clicking here or by following the instructions in this section . If you do opt out, you should understand that you may still receive the same amount of advertisements from Advertising Partners using our Ad Exchange (or other ad exchanges) as you engage online. But, at least for advertisements served via our Ad Exchange to your opted out device(s) or browser(s), none of those advertisements will be tailored to you or your specific interests over time. To learn more about our collection, use, and disclosure of your data, and your choices or rights with respect to our processing of your data, please scroll down to read the rest of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions as you do, you can always contact us here . As you read our Privacy Policy, please also remember that the Publishers and Advertising Partners you interact with as you engage online and in the real world may have their own privacy policies that govern how they collect and use your data, including when they may share your data with advertising partners like us.These policies and practices may differ from what you read in our Privacy Policy. To fully understand how your data is being collected, used, and shared, you should always carefully read the privacy policy of any website you access, any app you use, and any social network page through which you share information. 2. What personal data do we collect? Unless you contact us directly, we never collect information that directly identifies you, such as your clear-text (i.e., unhashed) name, physical address, email address, phone number, online usernames, or user passwords. But, we may collect the following categories of personal data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers that partner with us to serve you advertisements: Unique online identifiers These are persistent identifiers that help us identify you across devices and over time, such as your IP address, cookie ID, mobile advertising ID, hashed email address, and user agent string Online and offline activity and interests (including inferences) This includes information about your online activity and interests, such as your browsing history and online behaviorThis may also include information about your offline activity and interests, such as your purchase history and demographics And, this may include information derived or inferred from your online and offline activity and interests, such as your likelihood to be interested in buying a particular product, using a particular service, or visiting a particular website Geolocation information This typically is information about your or your device’s non-precise location, such as your country, region, metro, zip, or postal code, or non-precise (zip-code level) geographic coordinates, typically as inferred from your IP address In limited instances, if you have enabled location services for a website or app that we partner with and not opted out of having your precise location shared, this may also include information about your or your device’s precise location, such as precise geographic coordinates Browser, device, and service information This is information about the devices you are using to engage online, such as your browser or device type (e.g., Google Chrome, iPhone), screen dimensions, operating system, and preferred language Ad reporting and delivery information This is information about the advertisements you have been served and how you interacted with them, such as the size and format of advertisements you were served and whether you clicked on them As described above, we collect this information primarily using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity. You can learn more about these technologies in this section . We will also collect your personal data if you visit our website or contact us for any reason, although we will not use this data for advertising via our Ad Exchange. Please view our Website Privacy Policy to learn more. 3. Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data? Depending on where you live, we may need a valid legal basis to collect, use, and store your personal data.If we do, depending on the circumstances, our valid legal basis may be: (i) that you have given us permission to process your data by consenting to our processing or by choosing not to opt out of our processing after receiving notice of our processing activities (we’ll collectively refer to this legal basis below as “consent”), in which case you can always withdraw your consent or opt out of our processing by contacting us here (note, though, that withdrawing or opting out will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before a withdrawal or opt out); (ii) that it is in our legitimate interests to process your data, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legitimate interest”); or (iii) that we are legally required to process your data (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legal requirement”). When we are legally allowed to process your personal data, we may do so for the following purposes, with the caveat that some of our processing activities vary depending on where you live: To facilitate non-interest based advertising We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based solely on information you have provided directly to that PublisherOur legal basis for this purpose is legitimate interest To facilitate interest-based advertising We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based on information you have provided to that Publisher, in addition to information we have collected independently or from third parties, including other Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers You can opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising) by clicking here Our legal basis for this purpose is consent To understand your activity and preferences over time We may use the data we collect (whether directly or from our partners) to learn about your online activity across sites, apps, and devices over time and infer information about your online and real-world preferences (e.g., we may know that Internet user ABC123 is a female in the New York Metro area interested in buying new shoes) We only maintain information about your activity and preferences for the last 90 days (at most), and we use this information only to improve our ability to serve interest-based advertisementsAlthough we can’t control our partners’ actions, we also include restrictions in our agreements with our Advertising Partners and third party data providers requiring them to limit their use of this information, to the extent it is shared with them You can opt out of this kind of data processing, which facilitates interest-based advertising, by clicking here Our legal basis for this purpose is consent To control the content and frequency of ads Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may use real-time information about the context in which it will be shown to help make sure the ad is relevant to you and delivered in a format that will work on your deviceWe also take steps designed to make sure that you are being shown a reasonable amount of ads, that those ads are safe (i.e., do not contain malware and otherwise meet our ad standards), and that you are not receiving the same ads too frequently Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances To measure ad performance Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may measure the delivery and performance of the ad to understand whether it displayed correctly, how long you had the opportunity to see it, and how if at all you interacted with itWe use this information to provide reporting to our Publishers and Advertising Partners so that they can understand how their ad campaigns are working or can be improved Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances To build and improve our products, features, and models We use data to build and improve our products and features, including by building and improving models and algorithms through machine learningOur legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest To respond to valid legal requests and protect our legal interests In rare instances, we may be required to produce your data in response to a valid legal request from a governmental, law enforcement, or other legal entityIt is also possible, although unlikely, that we may need to produce your data to protect our rights and property, or to protect someone’s safetyIf we are required to produce your data in either of these circumstances (or any similar circumstances), we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest or legal requirement, depending on the circumstances When we process your personal data for one of these purposes, we do so in accordance with our robust privacy program, including by taking measures to securely store and transmit your data and by adhering to our retention limits .4. How and to whom do we share your personal data? We may disclose the information that we collect about you to the following third parties, for the following reasons: Advertising Partners and third party data providers As described throughout this Privacy Policy, we pass data to our Advertising Partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to determine whether to serve (or re-serve) you an ad, and so that they can understand how well their advertising campaigns are working We may also pass data to trusted third party data partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to understand, and help us understand, your online activity and preferences across sites, apps, and devices over time Some of these transfers of data may considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under privacy laws applicable to you; you can opt out of any “sales” or “sharing” of data by clicking here Service providers We share certain data with contracted vendors, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can perform functions on our behalf, such as fraud and malware prevention, identification of invalid traffic, and data storage and hosting; a list of our service providers is available here Affiliates and potential acquirers We may share data amongst affiliate companies in the OpenX group for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy; a list of our affiliates is available here We may also share data in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy, including with our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and with the new owners of the business Regulators, law enforcement entities, and other legal actors In rare instances, we may share data with regulatory, governmental, law enforcement, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, or other legal entities in response to a valid legal request, to protect our rights and property, or to protect someone’s safetyIf we are required to produce your data to these entities, we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation International transfers In the event that personal data collected from a UK or EEA data subject is transferred outside of the UK or the EEA to an organization in a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we will take steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected (e.g., by way of EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses or by relying on other data transfer mechanisms approved under applicable data protection laws). We are also committed to conducting data transfer impact assessments and adopting any supplementary measures required to mitigate any risks to you identified in such an assessment. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by contacting us here . 5. How can you opt out of interest-based advertising? OpenX adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“ DAA ”) Self-Regulatory Principles in the United States (“U.S.”), the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“ EDAA ”) Principles in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the IAB Europe OBA Framework. These principles and framework address interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising, which our services facilitate. As described throughout this Privacy Policy, OpenX collects the types of data described in Section 2 across multiple devices and across websites and apps over time, in order to use and transfer such data to our partners to facilitate interest-based advertising. You can request to opt out of our interest-based advertising services – and the interest-based advertising services of other companies that adhere to the principles and framework listed above – by taking the steps listed below. Please remember that even if you take some or all of these steps, some information may still be collected about you as you engage online, and you may still receive the same number of advertisements. The difference will be we will not collect or use data collected from your opted out browser or device to tailor the online ads you receive to you or your interests based on data collected over time from different websites, apps, and devices (at least for data collected and advertisements received via our Ad Exchange). You’ll see that there are multiple steps listed. That’s because, as described throughout this Privacy Policy, interest-based advertising services involve the collection of your data across multiple devices and via multiple mechanisms.As a result, because cookies and other persistent identifiers cannot be read between different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each device and browser you use, and may need to take special steps to opt out of the collection of certain kinds of data. To opt out on a browser (e.g., as you engage on websites): Cookies. Cookies may be used to collect data about you as you browse the web. If you live in the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the European DAA Principles at www.youronlinechoices.com . If you live outside of the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory programs at www.aboutads.info/choices . As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting this website . Please note that in order for your opt-out choice to be effective using the DAA’s tools, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the OpenX opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. Additionally, if you later use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. Non-Cookie Identifiers. Companies may use the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet. In certain countries, you can opt-out of this kind of data collection by (1) using any tools provided by your browser to clear local storage and the browser cache, and (2) turning on any “Do Not Track” header setting offered by your browser. Please note that you must complete both of these steps in order to complete the opt out process. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting this website . To opt out on a cell phone or mobile device (as you use mobile apps): You can opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, for OpenX and other companies participating in industry self-regulation, by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices application from the Android or iOS app store. Alternatively, or if you live outside of the United States (in which case you may not have access to this application), you can turn off the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings or turn on the “opt out of interest-based ads” setting in your Android settings to limit the collection of your data for interest-based advertising. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions here . To opt out of the collection of precise location data (as you use your mobile device): You may wish to opt out of the collection of your precise location data, to the extent Publisher’s collect and share such data with OpenX and other advertising partners. This would mean that certain data related to your online activity and general location (such as your city) could be collected, but data indicating your precise location (such as your precise GPS coordinates) could not be collected. You can do this by using the “location services” controls in your mobile device’s settings. To opt out on a connected television (as you watch TV on apps): You may be able to opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your connected or “smart” TV or set up box by visiting your device’s settings menu. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions here . 6. What are cookies and how do we use them? What are cookies? A cookie is a very small text document, containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your web browser. Cookies are created when your browser loads a particular website. The website sends information to the browser which then creates a text file. This allows the browser to remember the websites you visit, and that information is shared with other parties such as our Advertising Partners. This also allows us to collect information about your browsing habits over time in order to facilitate interest-based advertising and make advertising more relevant to you and your interests, as described throughout this Privacy Policy. In other words, when you visit a Publisher’s website or a digital property, we may assign a random, unique identifier, specific to OpenX, to your browser or device. Using that OpenX identifier, our Ad Exchange can automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another website or digital property owned by a Publisher we work with. This means that, over time, our Ad Exchange can track your online activity to learn about your online browsing behavior and preferences.The Publishers and Advertising Partners we work with can also map their own unique identifiers against our OpenX identifier via a process called “cookie syncing,” so that they can use data they have collected independently on our Ad Exchange. In the case of Advertising Partners, the aggregated insights cookie syncing facilitates may influence their decision to bid (or not bid) on opportunities to advertise products or services to you. For example, certain Advertising Partners may be more willing to serve you an advertisement for a particular product if they know, via insights learned from cookie syncing, that you have seen and clicked on advertisements for the same or similar products in the past. We also use cookies for frequency capping, meaning that we may use data they collect to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, as well as to help measure the effectiveness of our Advertising Partners’ advertising campaigns. Find out more about the use of cookies on www.allaboutcookies.org . What cookies do we use? Cookie ‘i’ –this is the user / market cookie. It includes a random string created to recognize your device for the purpose of delivering advertisements, as well as the timestamp of the string’s creation. By matching this cookie with data collected by Advertising Partners, we and our Advertising Partners can deliver more relevant ads to you. This cookie is stored on your device for 1 year and is refreshed for the next year on each bid request. Cookie ‘pd’ –this cookie stores information about which other third parties the user cookie (‘i’ cookie) has been synced with to reduce the amount of user matching done on your device.This cookie is stored on your device for 15 days. Cookie ‘OX_dnt’ – this cookie acts as a flag which we set if you indicate that you want to opt-out of interest-based advertising. Please see the information above on opting out of interest-based advertising. This cookie is stored on your device for 5 years. Third parties Third parties, such as our Publishers and Advertising Partners, may also serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to facilitate advertising, analytics, and other functions. They may also use information about your visits to different online properties to provide you with more relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. We do not have access to or control over these cookies and encourage you to review the privacy and cookie policies of any companies you engage with online to find out about their data collection practices, including how they may use cookies. 7. What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process? Depending on the country or state where you live, you have different legal rights with respect to your personal data and how we may process it. We’ve provided more detail on these rights for consumers in the UK/EEA and certain U.S. states below, but you can always contact us here to learn more. UK/EEA based individuals UK- and EEA-based individuals have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide in a structured, machine readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement). These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority where you live, work or believe a breach has taken place. You’ll find contact details for your data protection authority here if you are an EEA based individual or here if you are a UK based individual. If you would like to exercise any of the rights listed above, please reach us here . U.S. based individuals Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah may exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations: The right to confirm whether we have processed your personal data.Theright to know and access, in a portable format that is accessible to you, the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, share, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting, using, sharing, and selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have shared or sold for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared or sold your personal data.The right to correct inaccuracies related to the personal data we have collected from or about you.The right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from or about you.The right to opt out of our processing and sharing of your personal data for purposes of interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising,” which our services facilitate, as well as the right to opt out of our sales of your personal data. The right not to be discriminated or retaliated against for exercising any of these data rights. While some states provide residents with additional rights related to “sensitive” personal data, OpenX does not knowingly collect this type of personal data. To exercise any of the above rights, please reach us here or using the contact information provided below in this section and we will respond to you. You may be asked to submit verifying information in certain circumstances, as described below. Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may appeal our decision by contacting us here . Verification Process and Required Information Because most of the information we store can only identify your online identifiers, and cannot identify you individually, we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request. Such additional information may include your online identifier (e.g., your cookie or mobile advertising ID), your state of residence, and some proof that the devices that have the cookie or mobile advertising ID you provide are yours, such as a screenshot of the applicable cookie or of a screen that displays the mobile advertising ID or other documentation that can verify you. Authorized Agent : You may designate an authorized agent to make a data subject request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing written permission to your agent to make the request for you. Minors’ Personal Data We do not sell the personal data of consumers that we know to be under 16 years of age or share such data for purposes of interest-based advertising (also known as “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral” advertising). Collection, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Data: In the last 12 months, we collected the categories of personal data described above in the “ What personal data do we collect? ” section of this Privacy Policy, which correspond to the following categories of personal data under California law: (1) personal and online identifiers; (2) commercial or transactions information; (3) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (4) geolocation information; (4) inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences; and (5) other information about you that is linked to the “personal information” or “personal data” we collect. In the last 12 months, we collected these categories of personal data from Publishers, Advertising Partners, service providers (e.g., fraud prevention services), and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers). In the last 12 months, we collected personal data for our commercial and business purposes, as described in more detail above in the “ Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data? ” section of this Privacy Policy. As described in that section, we sell and share personal data for interest-based advertising purposes (also known as “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising). In the last 12 months, we sold, shared, or disclosed personal data we collected to the categories of third parties described above in the “ How and to whom do we share your personal data? ” section of this Privacy Policy. In particular, we “sold” (as a “sale” is defined under California law) or shared for interest-based advertising purposes each category of personal data we collected to Advertising Partners and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers). We also disclosed each category of personal data we collected with our service providers and affiliates as well as, in limited instances, governmental entities for our business purposes. In the last 12 months, we stored and retained personal data in accordance with the retention periods described below in the “ How long do we retain your personal data ” section of this Privacy Policy.Information About Past Year’s California Requests: In 2022, with respect to data subject requests from California residents submitted under the California Privacy Protection Act, as amended (“ CCPA ”), OpenX: Received 87 requests to know, complied with all of them in an average of 38 days, and denied none of them.Received 92 requests to delete, complied with all of them in an average of 36 days, and denied none of them.Received 138 requests to opt-out, complied with all of them in an average of 5 days, and denied none of them.Received 17 requests that did not provide a specific type of request and denied none of them. 8. How long do we retain your personal data? We may keep each data point we collect about you for a maximum of 90 days from the last date that we received it. For example, if we collect data indicating that you visited a particular website on day 0, we may keep that data until day 90 (at the latest) unless we collect data indicating that you visited that particular website again within that initial 90 day period (in which case, the 90 day clock would reset). For most categories of data, this is limited to 14 days. Additionally, we’ve set retention limits on the cookies that may be set on your devices. In particular, the market cookie (“i”) used for OpenX’s device recognition is set to remain on your device for a maximum of one year, while a 5-year span is implemented to recognize your opt-out from interest-based advertising, should you choose to opt out. 9. What if we update this privacy policy? We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do so, we will post the updated policy here and update the effective date. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal data. 10. How can you contact us? If you are a UK or EEA based individual, the data controller for your personal data is OpenX Poland Sp. z o.o. If you are a U.S. based individual, the business, data controller, or equivalent entity that controls how your data may be processed is OpenX Technologies Inc. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to contact us for any reason in relation to our personal data processing, you can contact us here . If you are a UK or EEA based individual, you can also reach us at: OpenX Poland sp. z o.o.Attention: Legal DepartmentAleja 29 Listopada 2031-401 KrakowPoland If you are an U.S. based individual, you can also reach us at: OpenX Technologies Inc.Attention: Legal Department888 E Walnut St., 2nd FloorPasadena, CA 91101United States You may also contact our data protection officer at dpo@openx.com or by calling us at (855) 231-3834. Copyright © 2023 OpenX. All rights reserved. The journey is not over.Privacy @ Oracle AddThis Privacy Policy 1. INTRODUCTION AddThis services have been terminated as of May 31, 2023. Please visit addthis.com for more information. This AddThis Privacy Policy (also referred to as the “ Privacy Policy ”) informs consumers about the collection, use, sharing, and selling (collectively referred to as “ processing ” or “ process ”) of your personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the AddThis Tools. It also explains the privacy rights you have in relation to these processing activities. Oracle (“ Oracle ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, “ Oracle Advertising ”) provides an AddThis suite of technologies to publishers for use on their websites (“ AddThis Tools ”). AddThis Tools provide website owners with the capability to enable users of their websites to share webpages, blogs, news, photos, videos, and other content with social networks and other destinations via a browser plug-in or website plug-in. With AddThis Tools, publishers can (i) enable users to share, follow, view, recommend and interact with the publisher’s content, and (ii) collect information from those users as a result of their visit. The AddThis Tools are available for download through AddThis.com or through selected third party sites. When you interact with a website on which a publisher has installed AddThis Tools, your direct interactions are primarily with that publisher as a data controller. In our AddThis Terms of Service with the publisher, we require that the publisher informs you directly of how it collects and uses your personal information in this context, and gets your consent where appropriate. Oracle may then also receive information about you via your interactions with the publisher’s AddThis Tools, so this Privacy Policy informs you how we process that personal information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 16, 2022. However, the Privacy Policy can change over time, for example to meet changing business or legal requirements. The most up-to-date version can be found on this website . In case there is an important change that we want to highlight to you, we will also inform you in another appropriate way (for example, via a pop-up notice or statement of changes on our website). SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY See More This Privacy Policy applies to information received via the AddThis Tools available on a publisher’s website, as well as information collected via those Tools. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Oracle America, Inc. is responsible for the processing of your personal information collected via the AddThis Tools as described in this Privacy Policy. WHICH CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS? See More The AddThis Tools collect personal information from the device used by you to interact with Publisher Sites. WHERE DO WE SOURCE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Oracle receives personal information when you interact with a website on which a publisher has installed AddThis Tools. The publishers share your personal information with Oracle per our AddThis Terms of Service. WHY AND HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More We use personal information about you to enable Oracle customers and partners to market products and services to you, to provide personalized recommendations and messages, to link browsers and apps across devices, to sync unique identifiers with our partners, to develop and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes. HOW CAN WE SHARE OR SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Your personal information is shared throughout Oracle’s organization and sold to, or shared with, third parties such as Oracle Advertising customers and partners, and service providers. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? See More You have privacy rights for the information we process about you. You can choose to opt-out of third party sharing or selling and object to our use of your personal information, delete or correct your personal information, or access your personal information. HOW TO CONTACT ORACLE IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR COMPLAINTS? See More If you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Privacy Policy, please contact the Global Data Protection Officer. 2. SCOPE As described above, this Privacy Policy applies to information received by Oracle via AddThis Tools installed on a publisher’s website (“ Publisher Site ”). “ Publisher ” means the owner or operator of a Publisher Site that incorporates and displays the AddThis Tools and makes the AddThis Tools available to you. Oracle also provides publishers with a platform where they can perform analytics and customize their websites and/or applications to provide users with more relevant advertising (“ AddThis Platform ”). This Privacy Policy does not govern the use of the AddThis Platform by the Publisher (or any individual working for the Publisher).In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information Oracle collects from Publishers on www.addthis.com (“ AddThis Site ”) in order to register and administer a Publisher’s account on the AddThis Site and provide the Publisher with access to the AddThis Platform. Oracle’s Privacy Policy on https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-policy.html describes how we process such Publisher personal information. 3. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Oracle America Inc., is responsible for processing AddThis Data described in this Privacy Policy. 4. WHICH CATEGORIES AND SPECIFIC PIECES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS AND FROM WHAT SOURCES? The AddThis Tools collect information from the device used by you to interact with Publisher Sites (“ AddThis Data ”). Note that the AddThis Tools only collect limited information from users located in the EU/EEA, Switzerland or the UK (collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Europe”) and only for legal compliance and data minimization purposes (i.e., to prevent ingestion of information from users in Europe for commercial purposes) as described below in Section 5 of this Policy. AddThis Data is collected online and may indirectly identify you. It includes, for example: unique IDs such as a cookie ID on your browser;IP addresses and information derived from IP addresses, such as geographic location;information about your device, such as browser, device type, operating system, the presence or use of ‘apps’, screen resolution, or the preferred language;the date and time you visited a Publisher Site; andthe referring URL and the web search you used to locate and navigate to a Publisher Site. For personal information collected outside Europe, we may associate such information with interest segments or profiles as part of the provision of AddThis services to our customers and partners. “ Interest segments ” are a specific group of consumers that share a common behavior or preference used for marketing by our customers. “ Profiles ” are a set of attributes about a specific consumer or device, or a set of multiple consumers or devices sharing common attributes used for marketing by our customers. Oracle may also collect email addresses on behalf of a Publisher to assist the Publisher in creating email lists as part of our AddThis List Building Tools service. Oracle is not responsible for the use and processing of your email address in connection with the AddThis List Building Tools service. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the Publishers to understand how such Publishers use and share your email addresses. 5. FOR WHAT COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSE DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? For personal information collected outside Europe, we use personal information for the following commercial purposes: a) to enable AddThis Tools functionality; b) to enable AddThis Publishers and Oracle Advertising customers and partners to market products and services to you; c) to provide personalized recommendations and messages; d) to link browsers and apps across devices; e) to sync unique identifiers; and f) to analyze, develop, and improve the AddThis Tools and Oracle products and services. For personal information collected outside Europe, we use personal information for the following business purposes: g) to manage the security of our sites, networks, and systems; and h) to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business. These purposes are further specified below. Please note that with respect to Europe, AddThis collects only limited information from users located in Europe and other regions solely to comply with applicable laws and regulations by deleting information about these users for the legitimate interests of preventing the ingestion of personal information from users in Europe and other regions for commercial purposes. These users in Europe can still avail themselves of the AddThis functionality but AddThis Data will not be collected from such users and used for Oracle’s own commercial purposes. a) Enable AddThis Tools functionality. We use AddThis Data to process your request to share content via the AddThis Tools. We also use AddThis Data to customize the AddThis Tools to your usage patterns. Example: You visit a website and use the AddThis sharing tool on the website to share an article to Facebook. b) Enable AddThis Publishers and Oracle Advertising customers and partners to market products and services to you. Publishers provide us with AddThis Data so that we can build Segments and Profiles to facilitate personalized interest-based advertising for you by Oracle and our Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud customers and partners. Example: A marketing professional working for a travel company wants to reach a group of individuals (also known as an audience) who may be interested in its travel specials to Hawaii.The marketing professional uses AddThis Tools to create an audience interested in travel to Hawaii. If you have visited a travel website previously and have expressed an interest in Hawaiian vacations, you may subsequently see advertisements for a vacation to Hawaii because a cookie has been placed on your device that made you part of that travel company’s audience. c) Provide personalized recommendations and messages. Publishers can use AddThis Data and insights provided by AddThis to personalize the Publisher Site. Example: You visit a site and see content on the site that you find relevant to your interests. Using the example above, if you visit the travel company’s site, you may see specials to Hawaii on the travel company’s homepage. You decide you want to receive additional information from the travel company via email communications and provide your email address to the travel company so they can send you offers and specials directly to your inbox. d) Link browsers and apps across devices. For linking Profiles and Segments to enable Oracle Advertising customers and partners to connect your interest segments across the various browsers and/or devices you may use for the purposes described in this section. Example: You are interested in vacations offered by a travel company and have clicked on their online advertising. You are logged into several devices (your desktop, smartphone, and tablet) using the same login. Oracle partners have indicated that you are likely the same user across those same devices. The travel company is able to send vacation offers to you (via de-identified cookie ID) to these different devices. e) Sync unique identifiers. The AddThis Tools also incorporate Cookies and Pixels from Oracle partners to enable the synchronization of unique identifiers between Oracle and our third party partners to facilitate online behavioral advertising across the online advertising ecosystem. For a list of those third party partners, please visit: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/pixel-partners. The ‘Opt-Out’ tool available below will opt you out of data collection by Oracle and cease the syncing of unique identifiers with our third party partners. Please see the “ What are your choices? ” section below for more information. f) To analyze, develop, improve, and improve the AddThis Tools and Oracle products and services. We can process AddThis Data for Oracle’s own research and development purposes. For example, to enhance data quality, develop new features and functionality and for statistical analyses related to the performance and operation of Oracle Advertising. g) To manage the security of our sites, networks, and systems. We can collect usage and systems operations data from the AddThis Tools for security and operations management to help keep Oracle, customer, and partner networks and systems, as well as our products and services, secure. We may also collect usage and systems operations data from the AddThis Tools to investigate and prevent cyber-attacks, malicious activity, or potential fraud, including ad fraud and to detect bots. h) To comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business. In some cases, we may process AddThis Data to comply with applicable laws and regulations. For example, to respond to a request from a regulator or to defend a legal claim. We may also process AddThis Data in the operation of our business. For example, to conduct audits and investigations, for finance and accounting, archiving and insurance purposes. 6. WHAT COOKIES, PIXEL TAGS AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES DOES ADDTHIS USE? Cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels tags and device identifiers) are used by Oracle and our advertising technology partners to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices for the purposes specified in Section 5 above. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser on a connected device. We or our partners use cookies to, among other things, track user trends and collect information about how you use Publishers’ Sites or interact with advertising. Most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies by default. You may, however, be able to change your browser settings to cause your browser to refuse third-party cookies or to indicate when a third-party cookie is being sent. Check your browser's 'help' files to learn more about handling cookies. Pixel Tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) are invisible 1 x 1 pixels that are placed on webpages that use this technology for marketing and measurement purposes. When you access these webpages, pixel tags generate a generic notice of the visit. Pixel tags can be used with cookies or alone. When used with cookies, pixel tags can track activity on a site by a particular device and provide relevant online advertising to you.When you turn off cookies or have opted out of cookies, pixel tags simply detect a unique website visit and how you interacted with the advertising but do not track an individual to provide relevant online advertising. Redirect notice. When you use the AddThis Tools on a Publisher Site to share information and content the Publisher makes available on the Publisher Site (“ Publisher Content ”), you are redirected through the AddThis Site before you are directed to your destination website where you want to publish or share the Publisher Content (e.g., to share Publisher Content to a social media site such as Facebook). 7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to opt-out of third party sharing or selling, or request deletion or correction of, or access to, their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. Opt-out and object to our use of personal information. Oracle offers multiple ways for you to opt out of third party sharing or selling and object to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. AddThis Opt-out. If you prefer that Oracle and our third party partners do not receive your personal information via Cookies and Pixels for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, you may opt out of collection at any time via the Oracle Advertising opt-out, available at https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com/#optout . Upon opting out, we will place an opt-out Cookie on your device. The opt-out Cookie tells the AddThis Tools not to include information from that device in AddThis Data. AdTech Industry Opt-out. You may also opt out of third party sharing or selling by Oracle Advertising by using the opt-out tools provided by the following industry groups: Digital Advertising Alliance (‘DAA’): http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ Network Advertising Initiative (‘NAI’): http://optout.networkadvertising.org European Interactive Digital Adverting Alliance (‘EDAA’): http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and http://www.edaa.eu/ Do Not Track. Oracle honors “Do Not Track” browser settings, meaning we will not track your browser for marketing purposes while you have “Do Not Track” turned on in your browser settings. Please note that if you opt out using the first two opt out tools, you may still temporarily receive marketing due to marketing campaigns already underway. However, you will be opted-out of all future marketing campaigns that use Oracle Advertising. Also note that the first two opt out tools are currently cookie-based and prevent Oracle from using, sharing, or selling your personal information for interest-based advertising on the browser on which they are installed. As a result, the opt out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies and may not function where cookies are sometimes automatically disabled or removed (e.g., certain mobile devices and operating systems). If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt out again. Oracle does not use persistent, unique identifiers to revive a previously opted-out profile or deleted cookie. Blocking Emails Shared via AddThis Tools. You may opt of sharing content (with other users for example) by email using the AddThis Tools. By using the AddThis Tools, You agree to abide by the general rules of conduct in the AddThis Terms of Service . Oracle does not verify the email address you provide to share content via email. Oracle will delete the email address within 90 days of collection. To opt out of emails sent by you using AddThis Tools, please use the opt-out tool available at: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/email-opt-out. Access personal information In order to exercise your right to access your online information, you can use the Oracle Advertising Registry (“ Registry ”) to view the online segments Oracle has associated with your device. Information available in the Registry is not limited to the preceding 12 months, rather the Registry provides the entire view of online segments associated with the cookie on your browser. By accessing this Registry, you can view the types of third-party interest segments that are shared with or sold to Oracle Advertising customers. Please note that the interest segments you see within the Registry is information about you from the profile associated with the specific browser, computer or device that you are using to visit the Registry. You may see different segments when viewing the Registry from a different browser, computer or device. We therefore recommend using different browsers and devices when accessing the Registry. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law unless such data is only retained for legal and compliance purposes.Oracle will not discriminate against consumers who have exercised the deletion, opt-out, or access rights provided to them in this Privacy Policy. Delete or correct personal information Unless retained solely for legal and compliance purposes, Oracle will delete or correct your online or offline personal information, upon request, as set forth below: You can erase or delete the AddThis Data Oracle is processing about your device or remove segments in the Registry by opting out of AddThis services using the opt-out tool . Given the nature and purpose of the processing activities, in the event your personal information contains any inaccuracies, Oracle will delete your personal information per the process set above for deletion. 8. WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS AS A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT? Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, California residents may request that we: 1. disclose to you the following information: the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected about you and the categories of personal information we sold (see Section 4 );the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information (see Section 4 );the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you (see Section 5 ); and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or otherwise disclosed personal information (see Section 9 ). 2. delete personal information we collected from you or correct inaccurate personal information about you (see Section 7 ); or3. opt-out of any future sale of personal information about you (see Section 7 ). We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. Oracle will not discriminate against you if you exercise these rights under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, you may obtain information about exercising your rights, as described above, by contacting us at 1-800-633-0748. For information on the CCPA requests Oracle received, complied with, or denied for the previous calendar year, please visit Oracle’s Annual Consumer Privacy Reporting page, available here . 9. WHEN AND HOW CAN WE SHARE ADDTHIS DATA? Sharing within Oracle As a global corporation, AddThis Data can be shared globally throughout Oracle’s worldwide organization for business purposes, as specified in Section 4 . A list of Oracle entities is available here . Please select a region and country to view the registered address and contact details of the Oracle entity or entities located in each country. Oracle employees are authorized to access personal information only to the extent necessary to perform their job functions. Sharing or selling with third parties We may share or sell AddThis Data with the following third parties for a commercial purpose: Oracle Advertising customers and partners, including digital marketers, ad agencies, web publishers, demand side platforms, data management platforms, supply-side platforms and social media networks. Oracle’s use of AddThis Data by our Oracle Advertising customers and partners is described in the Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy ; andthird-party service providers as necessary to perform Oracle Advertising services on behalf of Oracle. We may share or sell AddThis Data with the following third parties for a business purpose: relevant third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings; andrelevant third parties to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others; investigate or prevent fraud or malicious activity; or respond to government requests, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes. 10. FOR HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN ADDTHIS DATA? Oracle maintains personal information for the following retention periods: We retain AddThis Data for 13 months as of collection. A 1% sample of AddThis Data (“ Sample Dataset ”) is retained for a maximum of 24 months for business continuity purposes. Oracle hashes the direct and indirect identifiers (such as IP address and cookie ID) in the Sample Dataset. ‘Hashing’ means the personal information cannot be associated with an individual without the use of additional information. 11. HOW IS ADDTHIS DATA SECURED? Oracle has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. 12. DO WE PROCESS SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION?Oracle does not create any online interest segments that reflect personal information that is sensitive, as defined by law and self-regulatory frameworks, or personal information that Oracle has deemed “sensitive.” We also have operational procedures in our platform designed to prevent our partners and customers from using personal information provided to them by Oracle to create interest segments that we consider sensitive. While the types of personal information considered sensitive may vary among consumers and applicable law, we treat the following types of personal information as sensitive: precise mental or physical health, biometric, or genetic information, such as a certain sensitive medical condition like cancer or diabetes;pregnancy, such as pregnancy choices, pregnancy termination, reproductive rights, and traveling to exercise reproductive rights;certain aspects linked to personal life, such as racial or ethnic, religious, political, citizenship, immigration status, or sexual orientation;social security or other state identification number, financial account numbers or login information for such accounts; interest in “adult” activities, such as drug use, an interest in weapons, or pornographic material; andinformation considered sensitive based on applicable law. We do not allow our customers or partners to use data provided to them by Oracle: (i) to make decisions related to an individual’s eligibility for employment, credit, healthcare, insurance, tenancy, or education purposes; (ii) to make decisions solely by automatic means where the decision has a significant effect on the individual; or (iii) in any way that may or does discriminate against any person or promote bigotry, racism, or harm. For these purposes, Oracle considers harm to be inclusive of the use of data provided by Oracle to target vulnerable individuals or groups with fraudulent or deceptive marketing campaigns or to be used in any manner that causes vulnerable individuals harm. As noted above, Oracle does not create interest segments that reflect sensitive medical conditions. For a list of our non-sensitive health and wellness segments, please see this link (PDF) . 13. DOES ORACLE PROCESS ADDTHIS DATA FROM CHILDREN? We do not intentionally collect or share AddThis Data of children under 16 years of age. Further, we prohibit our Publishers from providing Oracle with personal information from sites directed to children under the age of 16 or from consumers whose age these companies know to be under the age of 16. 14. IS ORACLE A MEMBER OF ANY INDUSTRY ORGANIZATIONS? Oracle is a member of, and adheres to the regulatory principles of, several industry groups including the Network Advertising Initiative ('NAI') , the Digital Advertising Alliance ('DAA') , European Digital Advertising Alliance ('EDAA') and the Interactive Advertising Bureau ('IAB') . Please visit these industry groups for more information on the advertising industry and for more opt-out choices. 15. LINKS TO OTHER SITES AddThis Platform and AddThis Tools contain links to, and allow you to share content on, third party websites and services. By providing such links to third party websites or services or allowing sharing of content, we are not endorsing, authorizing or representing that we are affiliated with that third party, nor are we endorsing the third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party websites and services to understand how such third parties collect, use and share information. 16. HOW IS ADDTHIS DATA HANDLED GLOBALLY? Oracle is a global corporation with operations in over 80 countries and personal information is processed globally. If personal information is transferred to an Oracle recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, Oracle will take measures designed to adequately protect information about you. 17. HOW DO I CONTACT ORACLE IF I HAVE QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR COMPLAINTS? For inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Oracle’s Data Protection Officer by filling out our inquiry form and providing sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand and respond to your request. Or you can contact us at the address below: Oracle Corporation Global Data Protection Officer Willis Tower 233 South Wacker Drive 45th Floor Chicago, IL 60606 U.S.A. 18. FILING A COMPLAINT If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy, please contact us first. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. You also have the right to file a complaint with a competent data protection authority if you are a resident of a European Union member state. 19.ORACLE CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS Oracle’s corporate headquarters are located at: 2300 Oracle Way Austin, TX 78741 USA Tel: +1.737.867.1000 Learn More Country/RegionAdvertising Platform Privacy Policy This policy explains how Magnite, Inc. (“Magnite,” we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about you when you interact with Digital Media Properties (defined below) that use our advertising technology platforms and related services to deliver you ads (collectively, the “ Services”) . Please note:This privacy policy does not govern (i) the collection and use of information about visitors to our website, https://www.magnite.com/ , (ii) information collected in the course of our sales and marketing activities – that information can be found here (iii) The activities of our affiliate SpringServe Inc. — that information can be found here (iv) the collection, use and disclosure of information by our clients through their Digital Media Properties, which is governed by their own privacy policies and practices; or (iv) any activities where we act as a service provider to our clients rather than a data controller. About Us Magnite provides Services that connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers) (in other words, the opportunity to display a buyer’s advertisement on a seller’s Digital Media Property). In this policy, we refer to our buyers and sellers collectively as “ clients ”. For example, advertisers use our technology to buy inventory to display advertising across publishers’ websites and applications on Internet-connected devices and platforms, including mobile devices, computers and internet-connected TVs (which we collectively refer to as “ Digital Media Properties ”). When an advertiser serves an advertisement on a publisher’s Digital Media Property, the advertisement will be displayed to you in connection with the content that you view. For example, if you visit a video-streaming Digital Media Property and click on a video that you want to stream, then an advertisement may appear before the video is shown because the advertiser successfully purchased the opportunity to display an advertisement before that video. Information We Collect When you visit a Digital Media Property that uses our Services, we collect certain information about you and your device (collectively, “ User Information ”). User Information does not include information that directly identifies an individual, such as name, address, phone number, or email address. However that information may be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable privacy or data protection laws. In particular, we collect identifiers such as your IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and device identifiers, and may also assign identifiers to your device based upon these identifiers and other device-related information we collect as described below. These identifiers help us to recognize a particular browser, computer, mobile device, Internet-connected television or other device without knowing the identity of the user of that device. We also collect information about the web page URL or app in which you are viewing content and other data that the Client makes available to us, which helps us, our clients, and our partners (such as third party advertising platforms) select appropriate advertisements to display to you. When you visit Digital Media Properties that use our technology, we collect the following information about you: Usage Information: including information about the domain, topic or name of the property, the date/time of visits, the search terms you enter, visitor activities and actions, viewability data, the video title, video player size, description or category being displayed, click data, types of advertisements viewed Log Information: including information about the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to the Digital Media Properties Device Information : including information about the computer or mobile device you use, including, device make, device model, device operating system, device operating system version, and data connection type; Location Information: We may derive the approximate location of your device from your IP address (geographic region or state). In accordance with your device permissions, we may also receive information about the precise location of your device but only if our clients pass it to us. Precise location may be deemed as sensitive personal information in some jurisdictions.Please see Additional Information for California Residents below to learn more about how we process sensitive personal information should it be passed to us; Internet service information : including information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use; Deidentified information : We may process certain other deidentified data that enables us to serve you with advertisements, such as encrypted or hashed forms of your email address if our clients pass these to us; Derived information : We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction or for the benefit of our clients that provide user demographics and information with respect to a user’s preferences, patterns, click and video interactions, behaviors or interests, as well as advertisers and advertising platforms that provide information to us in order to match an ad opportunity offered by our clients with the right advertisement. Magnite and our clients may collect and store inferences about user activity using our Services. How We Collect User Information We (and our service providers) use different technologies (collectively “Tracking Technologies”) to collect information, including cookies and other similar technologies to collect information automatically from your device when you visit with a Digital Media Property that uses our technology. Tracking Technologies help to match client’s advertising opportunities with the right advertisements. To do so, we may perform cookie syncing between publisher client cookies, Magnite cookies, third party data provider cookies and/or advertiser client cookies. This cookie synching process allows the parties to map their respective cookie information (for example, if publisher A sets a cookie on a user’s device with an ID 12345 and advertiser B sets a cookie on the same user’s device with an ID 67890, cookie synching would enable publisher A and advertiser B to recognize that ID 12345 and ID 67890 relate to the same user’s device). In the case of advertisers, the cookie sync may influence its decision to bid on advertising opportunities, because it may recognize that the cookie ID sent to it as an opportunity to bid on relates to a user they already know (perhaps because they already targeted advertising to the user when they previously visited a Digital Media Properties in the past). We also use Tracking Technologies for frequency capping, i.e., to ensure that the same user is not served the same advertisement repeatedly, to assist with the delivery of ads, provide reporting to our Clients, and to understand and measure the user’s interactions with ads and their effectiveness. Please review our Platform Cookie Statement for more information. Services provided by others: We also work with third-party for analytics and advertising services that separately collect and use User Information to enable our Clients and their customers to deliver targeted advertisements using our advertising technology. As an example, we work with third-party advertising companies that use information about your visits to various websites or applications across multiple devices in order to provide you with content and ads of interest across devices that they think are associated with you or your household, including web browsers, mobile apps, and internet-connected televisions. We, and our advertiser clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to deliver you targeted ads across multiple devices or our publisher clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to offer groupings of audiences, commonly known as audience segments, on the Digital Media Properties as advertising opportunities. Use of User Information We and our clients use User Information in order to inform their decisions regarding buying and selling advertising space on Digital Media Properties. In particular, we and our clients use information we collect, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected or received from third-party advertising platforms, to deliver end users targeted advertising that our clients believe will be of particular interest to those users. This processing may constitute “targeted advertising” under some laws and the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under other laws. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work .We also use the User Information we collect for the following purposes: To enable our clients to offer and buy advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;To operate and improve our technology;To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes;To prepare reports of visitor activity;To enable standard advertising controls;To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting; To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.To deliver end users targeted advertising;To create profiles of end users for targeted advertising;To create audience segments as advertising opportunities Disclosure of User Information We disclose User Information that we collect as follows: Clients : We disclose User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers’ Digital Media Properties. Advertisers may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you. Magnite Affiliates: We disclose User Information with other companies in the Magnite group of companies to use for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Business Transfers : We may disclose User Information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy. Vital interest, legal rights and compliance with laws . We may disclose User Information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;to protect the rights and property of Magnite, our affiliates, agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/orto protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person. Vendors, and other service providers : We may disclose User Information with our vendors, and service providers who perform functions on our or our clients’ behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, reporting, fraud prevention, hosting or providing data, auditing, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services. Partners : We may disclose User Information with partners, including third party advertising platforms. These partners use the information we provide to provide services to us and our clients, and may use the data for their own purposes. Information Our Clients and Vendors Collect Our clients, our vendors, and our clients’ vendors who use our technology may use their own tags, pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other affiliates) within advertisements and on certain Digital Media Properties. We are not responsible for our clients’, vendors’ and/or our clients’ vendors’ use of such tracking technologies or for their privacy practices. Platform Cookie Statement To learn more about how we use Cookies and similar technologies please visit our Platform Cookie Statement here . Your Privacy Rights and Choices Opt-Out Depending upon where you live, certain activities described in the “ Use of User Information ” and “ Disclosure of User Information ” sections above may constitute “sharing” “selling” or processing of User Information for purposes of “targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under certain privacy laws. You may opt out of these activities, as well as certain processing of sensitive personal information we may undertake by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Access, Correction, Deletion In addition, depending on where you reside and other legal limitations, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion or restriction of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4) obtain your User Information in a portable format. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see our User Choice Portal for instructions on how to do so. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. Note that when you exercise your rights, we may ask for additional information to verify your request. If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.If you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. Information Retention We store the User Information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations. We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports. Security We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we do take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. Additional Information for California Residents If you are a resident of California, please review the additional privacy disclosures in this section, which apply where we collect and disclose information as a “business” under California law. These disclosures do not apply to the extent we act as a service provider to our clients. In such cases, you must visit the privacy policies of our clients to understand how data is processed about you and to exercise your rights. Information About Our Data Processing California law requires us to disclose the categories of personal information we collect and how we use them, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, and the third parties to which we disclose personal information. We collect personal information from the sources described in the “ Information we Collect ” section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients for the stated purposes: Pseudonymous Identifiers Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite Inc group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Log and Usage information Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Geolocation data Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, internet service providers, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.User behavior data, derived information Clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Precise Location Information Precise location information is only processed by Magnite should our clients provide it to us, and if the end user’s device settings permit. Should Magnite get passed this information, it is made available to Advertiser Clients. To enable Advertisers to deliver end users targeted advertising; Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information & Limit Use of Sensitive Information Magnite’s disclosure of User Information, may sometimes constitute a “sale” or “sharing” under California law or the use of sensitive information for purposes that require offering consumers the ability to limit our use of such information, and our clients may use our technology for these purposes as well. You may opt out of the “sale”, and “sharing”, of your personal information as well as the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Note that because these opt outs are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on each browser and device. Your Rights Under California law, you have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your data. To exercise these rights, please see the Your Privacy Rights & Choices section above. Annual Request Statistics During the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, we received the following number of requests from individuals: Requests to know from individuals in the United States: 20 requests. We processed the requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied because we were unable to verify the identity of the individual making the request. Requests to delete from individuals globally: 16 requests, and we processed these requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied as we did not have any information relating to the individual’s information making the request. Requests to opt out from individuals, globally: we do honor users’ requests to opt out of interest-based advertising and any potential sales of personal information, as explained in this Policy. We received 3,696,809 requests to opt out, and these requests were completed in approximately real time. Additional Information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland End Users If you are an end user located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, please read these additional disclosures below. Your Rights You have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal data and to object to certain processing, including profiling. You also have the right to receive personal data concerning yourself in a machine readable format. If you would like to exercise your rights, please see our User Choice Portal here . Legal Basis for Processing Our legal basis for collecting and using the User Information described above will depend on the User Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. In all situations where you have been specifically asked by our partners or by us for your consent prior to processing, we may rely on that consent until you withdraw it. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your User Information, we will obtain such consent in accordance with applicable law. In some cases, we need to process your User Information because we have a legal obligation to do so. You can withdraw your consent and opt-out from the use of your data for advertising purposes, and opt out of the further processing of your data in our User Choice Portal . In some cases we may need to process your User Information because we are required to do so by law. In all other cases we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect User Information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your User Information, they include the interests described in the section headed “ How We Use User Information .” To note, Magnite participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and policies.Magnite’s identification number(s) within the framework is 52 (DV+), 102 (Magnite Streaming), 202 (Magnite Outstream) and 493 (Magnite Carbon AI). If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your User Information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ Contact Us ” heading below. Right to Lodge a Complaint You have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with a European Data Protection Authority. For contact details of EU data protection authorities, please see here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en . The Swiss data protection authority can be contacted at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html . The UK data protection authority can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk Data Transfers and Privacy Shield Magnite is a global company headquartered in the United States, with offices and data centers around the world (including in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Japan, Singapore and the United Kingdom). If you access any of the Digital Media Properties, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us in any of these countries, and by those third parties with whom we may share your User Information (as described in this policy) in the countries in which they operate. These countries may not provide a level of data protection for User Information that is equivalent to the data protection laws in your country. We will however implement appropriate safeguards where Magnite group of companies, or any third parties with whom we share data, receive User Information originating from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. With respect to its DV+ Platform, Magnite, Inc. and its US subsidiary, Magnite Hopper, Inc. commit to comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce with respect to personal information concerning individuals from the EEA, the UK and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice to learn more. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. We no longer rely on the Privacy Shield frameworks as our lawful mechanism to transfer data that originated in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the United States. If you would like to learn more about the safeguards we put in place for international transfers, please contact us using the contact details further below. Changes to this Policy We may update this policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website, and where necessary, by any other means required by applicable law. Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact Magnite’s Privacy Team by e-mail at privacy@magnite.com or by post using the details provided below: 1250 Broadway, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10001 You can also contact Magnite’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@magnite.com . If you are based in the EU you can contact our EU Representative: Magnite@lionheartsquared.eu Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd (FAO – Magnite),2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32,Dublin, DO2 EK84, Republic of Ireland. Legal Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policies Login Resources Company Follow Us Our Offices BelfastBerlinBostonBozemanDenverLondonLos AngelesMelbourneMilanNew JerseyNew YorkNew ZealandParisSan FranciscoSão PauloSeattleSingaporeSwedenSydneyTokyoToronto Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our website privacy policy and cookie statement to learn more.Cookiebot Privacy Policy Share www.cookiebot.com Last update: March 28, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information. I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the Usercentrics A/SHavnegade 391058 CopenhagenDenmarkPhone: + 45 50 333 777Email: mail@usercentrics.com Company registration number DK34624607 You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to privacy@cookiebot.com . II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA 1. Scope of processingIn principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basisThe processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1. 3. Storage and deletion of your dataIn principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract. 3.1. Data Retention PolicyDue to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account. Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. 3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations. 3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy. III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES 1. Scope of data processing Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs); 1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); 1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers; 1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert. 2. Data processed 2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g.this is information like – Information about the type and version of your internet browser, – The operating system of your computer or smartphone, – Your internet service provider, – Your IP address, – Date and time of your access, – Geographic location, – Websites from which you came to us, – Websites that you visit from our site; We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. 2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan. IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS 1. Description and scope of data processing On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored. Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored. In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise. 2. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). 3. Purpose of the data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. 4. Duration of storage If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. 5. Revoking consent and removal possibility You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case. V. NEWSLETTER When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time. You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter. Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters. VI. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS 1. Scope of data processing You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics.Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours; 1.2 To identify you as a contracting party; 1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com; 1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested); 1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions; 1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you; 1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or 1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.] If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”. 2. Data processed If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed: “Account Data” When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details. “Configuration Data” We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”). “System Generated Data” The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.: In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager. In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, please note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.The UTM parameters allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are: Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website. Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels. Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately. Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better. Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video. The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 12.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers. Aggregated statistical data on End User consents. 3. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. 4. Purpose of the data processing Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. 5. Opposition and removal possibility You always have the option to cancel your account.You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion. VII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/ for information on the cookies we use. VIII. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA. The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law. Your rights under California Privacy Law Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”) You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including: The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by lawRight To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”) You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page. Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right. Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@cookiebot.com . We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements. Response Timing and Format Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request. Children Under the Age of 16 Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16. IX. MINORS Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information.If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com . X. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services. The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites. As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object. We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences: Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller). Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland). Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum). Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum Privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Google my business We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”). We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy: We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts. If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to. We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website. XI. THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites. XII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES 12.1 Recipients of Data Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data. In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us. In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand. If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so. If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection. 12.2 Data Transfer to third Countries As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art.45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations. If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. 12.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland Data hosting for CMPAdvertisingWeb analytics service Consent dataMSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth, Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time for visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland Facebook Pixel – Web analytics service FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) – Web analytics service Device info, IP address, ReferrerURL, Timestamp, Browser info In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Youtube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland Web analytics service Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark Bookkeeping and accounting system Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, AddressOther applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Support system for better communication with you Email address, Any other information provided Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, GermanyData may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,80636 Munich,Germany Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders. Account data, Contact information In the USA (San Francisco, CA)For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142USA CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)Geolocation to show the right cookie banner IP addresses on the end user. Database in the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. bGDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider) IP addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times Database in the European Union GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit.b Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America Monitoring service for cloud applications IP address In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Analytics service IP address,Geographical location In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,Rosenheimer Str. 143C81671 Munich, Germany Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email Emails EU and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Webchat service/chat function on our website All information we receive in the chat function + type of account In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg Payment provider PayPal information, Payment data,Order number, Credit Card information,Credit check and statistical data if applicable,Address data if applicable Worldwide GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b QuickPay (Nets), ApSP. O. Pedersens Vej 28200 Aarhus NDenmark Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4DK-6200 AabenraaDENMARK Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b XIII. YOUR RIGHTS If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us: Right to information (Article 15 GDPR) Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR) Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR) Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order. Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR) Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR). In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “ Name of the person responsible “. You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency. XIV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner. Find out more information in our Data Processing Agreement . XV. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services and our Data Processing Agreement . XVI. UPDATES We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 28, 2023. Click here to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 27, 2023. Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE US Dollars - $ Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Get the Cookiebot WordPress PluginPrivacy Policy Last Updated and Effective as of June 30, 2023 About Our Business Media.Net Advertising FZ-LLC, working by itself or at times with its affiliated companies, (individually and/or collectively, "Media.Net," "we," "us" or "our") utilizes its digital advertising technology platforms (our "Technology") to assist with the selection, deliver and display of contextual (nonpersonalized) and targeted (personalized) advertising (our "Services") on behalf of the advertisers and their business partners and representatives (collectively "Buyers") on websites and properties (collectively "Seller Sites") owned and/or operated by entities (collectively "Sellers") that participate in our advertising marketplace. When Does this Privacy Policy Apply? This Privacy Policy applies: When we collect information about consumers and other end users who interact with our Services and Technology on Seller Sites. Buyers and Sellers may be referred to as Partners. Click here to learn more.When our Buyers, Sellers, potential Buyers and potential Sellers or other end users interact with our website located at www.media.net (our "Website"). Click here to learn more. CONSUMERS AND SELLERS IN CALIFORNIA CAN CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THEIR PRIVACY RIGHTS. IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN THE EU OR UK, CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER EU/UK LAW. NOTICE AT COLLECTION. This describes the information we collect and the purposes for which we collect it. It covers both the information collected on our Website and through our Services from End Users (individuals who visit our Website or the Website of a Partner). The section of this notice that follows describes the information collected from our Partners. I. Privacy Practices for End Users. A. Information We Collect. The Technology we use to provide our Services collects information from end users who visit one or more Seller Sites and/or our Website. While this information does not enable us to directly identify you (e.g., we do not receive your name, email address, etc.), it may be considered "personal data" or "personal information" under applicable privacy or data protection laws. The information we may collect includes: Online Identifiers . This includes your IP address, device IDs, cookie identifiers, advertising identifiers (IDFA and Google AdID), and other mobile identifiers. Seller Site Information . This includes the web page URL or application through which you are viewing content, referrers viewability data, contextual categories, attributes pertaining to ad formats, click data, types of advertisements viewed and other data that the Seller Sites make available to us. Device Information . It includes your browser, device model, device operating system, browser language and device type. Location Information . It includes non-precise location information (city, country, zip code) but may also include precise location information if you have actively enabled location services on your device or a Seller partner sends it to us in their bid request (only in case of an opt-in). Website Usage Data . This includes information we collect when you visit our Website about how you use the site. This includes information such as web page interactions, time spent on our pages and referral web pages. Non-Cookie Identifiers . This includes the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet. Information we receive from third parties: We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction of advertising partners or for the benefit of our Seller Sites that provide user demographics, behaviors or interests, obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses, user preferences on the ad experience and other information that may help make the ads more relevant. Cookies. We use cookies, web beacons, mobile SDKs and other web tools ("Tools") to collect information regarding your behavior and usage patterns on our Website and on our Seller Sites. We use these Tools: For Frequency Capping. To inform us if an advertisement has been served to the same computer or browser before, and if so, when the advertisement was served. This allows us to ensure that For Research and Fraud Prevention. To conduct research and identify fraud and malicious activity. For our Services. When you visit one of the Seller Sites we work with, we may assign your computer one or more cookies which enable us and our Buyers to deliver targeted advertisements to you on the Seller Sites. This form of advertising is called "behavioral advertising" or "interest-based advertising". We use cookies (e.g., Google’s advertising cookies) for this purpose. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see ads that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please see the section titled " Your Choices " below.When you conduct a search or visit Seller Sites that do not engage in interest-based advertising, we may deliver advertising based on search results or the content (context) of the page where the advertising appears. This form of advertising, which is not personalized, is often called “contextual advertising.” Further, while we do not collect or process sensitive personal information, and our Technology does not deliver targeted ads based on actual or known medical conditions of users, or the treatments they use, nor does it market prescription drugs, we do generate and serve ads for non-sensitive health-related advertising that may be of interest to End Users: diet and fitness; doctors; health care professionals; health conscious; health and medicine; health and well-being; interest in health insurance; and pregnancy and in some cases health advertising that is based on the content of the page on which such ads appear (e.g., we may include an ad for a dietary supplement that complements an article regarding weight loss). B. For What Purposes Do We Use Your Information? We use your information in the following ways: Monitoring for Click-Fraud and Other Advertising Fraud We collect information related to clicks, views, impressions, robotic mouse movement, non-human clicks, etc. and use it for fraud detection purposes. Selecting and Delivering Advertising. We use information about you to select and serve advertising on our Publisher Sites. We present advertisements tailored to the context in which the ad appears (the page or the search results) or the interests you have shown; inferring eligibility of users for interest, general geographic and demographic-based segments; creating online advertising models through lookalike modelling or similar research methodologies. Improving our Services. We combine information we collect from consumers with information we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including our corporate affiliates in order to provide our services, conduct internal analysis in order to perform and improve our services. Analytics. Providing insights and reporting back to our Partners, including statistical reporting in connection with the activity on a website or mobile application, optimization of location of ad placement, ad performance, reach and frequency metrics, billing, and logging ads served on a particular day to a particular website or application; evaluating the probability and nature of connections between devices. Frequency Capping. Determining whether you have seen a particular advertisement before so as to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. Data Privacy. We respond to data privacy questionnaires, data subject access requests (DSAR). C. With Whom Do We Share Your Information? Subject to the section titled " Additional EU/UK Disclosures" , we may share the information we collect about you with certain third parties in the following ways: Service Providers. We use third parties, , operational service providers and subcontractors (also called subprocessors) ("Vendors ") to operate and provide our services to Partners and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Vendors are required to protect the information we provide to them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. The services provided by Vendors include attribution, analytics, billing, fraud prevention, management of leads/campaigns, dispute resolution, cloud hosting, and technical support. When services are provided by Service Providers (processors or subprocessors) we contractually prohibit them from using any personal information except to provide services to us. Buyers. We may share your information with Buyers to help them make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Seller Sites or to analyze the effectiveness and performance of advertising campaigns via our Services, explore business opportunities, and perform audits/research. Sellers. We share information with our Sellers when we deliver ads on their Seller Sites. Sellers may use your information to make inferences about your preferences in order to serve more relevant advertising to you. Legal, Government Contacts. We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency); to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations; or as otherwise required by law.In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Media.net, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Website or other agreements or policies. Acquisitions & Other Corporate Partners. We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. We may aggregate data so that it is no longer identifiable. That data may be shared with third parties for their business purposes. In addition to the foregoing, we may share your information with anyone provided we have your express consent.. II. Privacy Practices for Partners. A. Information We Collect. We ask for information about you when you contact us for information about our Services, or when you register to participate in Media.net’s program for use of Media.net Technology. We may also collect information about you when you use our Website or interfaces. Information we obtain from Partners includes: Contact information , which includes name, email and mailing address, and other information you may provide that allows us to contact you. Government Identifiers , which include your driver’s license number or other identifiers. Financial Information , which includes your bank account and other payment information required to collect or receive payments from you. Online Identifiers , which includes your IP address, device IDS, cookie identifiers, and lo-information. Device Information , which includes your browser and device type. Location information , which you may provide to us or we may generate based on your IP address. Usage Data , which includes your browsing or search history, web page interactions, referral web page, as well as information about how you use our Website. Cookies . We use cookies, web beacons, and other web tools ("Tools") to collect information regarding your behavior and usage patterns on our Website, on our mobile applications (to the extent downloaded to your mobile device). We may use Tools to help our Website function, to analyze your use of our Website and/or reporting of our Services, and to understand our Website visitors and how the Website may be improved. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu . B. How Do We Use Your Information? We use your information in the following ways: Customer Service. We respond to general customer inquiries, troubleshoot technical challenges, up-sell, cross-sell, and provide payment payout support. Marketing. We analyze publisher signups, affiliate signups, webinar signups and support our sales team. We may partner with third parties to collect information on our Website to deliver advertising that we believe may interest you based on your activity on the Websites. These third parties may set and access cookies on your computer or other device and may also use pixel tags, web logs, web beacons, or other similar technologies. Providing our Services. We combine information we collect from consumers with information we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including our corporate affiliates in order to provide our services, conduct internal analysis in order to perform and improve our services. Compliance/Security. We verify signups through searching publisher email addresses through social media, perform website whois lookup to discover the domain name registration details, review IP addresses location. We also review the quality of traffic onSeller Sites. We review personal data protection online and offline threats on our infrastructure, network, networking equipment, computer systems, computer software, applications installed on the servers, access management, and mitigate the risks. Data Privacy. We respond, and assist our client in responding, to data privacy questionnaires, and data subject access requests (DSAR) Legal Obligations. We will use your information to comply with our legal obligations when we need to do so, including responding to requests from law enforcement; enforcing our terms and conditions and other legal rights; to protect our company and our employees, and to prevent or address suspicious, or potential illegal activity. C. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?Subject to the section titled "Additional EU/UK Disclosures," we share the information we collect from and about you with certain third parties in the following ways: Service Providers. We use third parties, Partners, operational service providers and subcontractors (also known as “subprocessors”) ("Vendors") to operate and provide our services to Partners and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Vendors are required to protect the information we provide them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Service Providers include fraud prevention service providers and cloud hosting service providers. When services are provided by Service Providers (processors or subprocessors) we contractually prohibit them from using any personal information except to provide services to us. Legal, Government Contacts. We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency); to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations; or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Media.net, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Website or other agreements or policies. Acquisitions & Other Corporate Partners. We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. We sometimes aggregate data so that it is no longer identifiable. We share aggregated information with third parties for their business purposes. III. Your Choices. Your browser may give you the ability to adjust your settings to delete or disable cookies. Some mobile devices enable you to turn off or reset the mobile ad identifier. To opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out of Personalized Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices). To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from our Technology through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to https://www.media.net/adchoices/ . You can also opt-out of receiving personalized ads from us and other third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). The NAI’s opt-out tool can be found here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . More information about system privacy controls and instructions for opting out via your mobile device can be found at http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice . You can find out more about cookies and opt-out from cookies on www.aboutads.info/choices in the U.S. and www.youronlinechoices.com in the EU/UK. Please note that if you use a different web browser, computer, clear, block, delete or restrict your cookies after opting out, you may need to repeat your choices. Some of our Partners have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company, or multiple companies. Google is one of our Partners. To learn more about how Google uses information it collects and/or to access its privacy policy, click here . IV. Rights for California Consumers. The terms "Business Purpose(s)," "Personal Information," "Sell" (or "Sale"), "Service Provider(s)," and "Third Parties" have the meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, ("CCPA"). These term references and disclosures describe the rights of California Consumers and provide information about the way we collect and use the personal information of California Consumers. A. Collection of Personal Information.Categories of Personal Information Collected. Unique device identifiers such as Cookies, Mobile Ad IDs (IDFAs for iOS and Android Ad IDs), Timestamps, User Agent Strings, IP addresses; General location data that is no more specific than a postal code, and web addresses (also known as "URLs"); Precise Location Information; Internet Activity Information, such as the website URL or mobile app you are browsing, web pages, content, and advertisements you view and links you click on, and whether you open, forward, or click the links in emails we send to you; and your browsing history. For our Partners, we collect: Identifiers such as your name, IP address, email address, and other account information, Unique Device Identifiers, Professional or employment-related information, Internet or other network activity, and Geolocation Information. How Do We Use Personal Information. We use personal information to deliver and measure online advertising. For our Partners, we use personal information to market and provide our Services to you. Categories of Sources from which Personal Information is Collected. Websites, mobile applications, advertising services, technology platforms. For our Partners, we collect information from you directly and from your use of our Website and mobile applications. B. Disclosure of Personal Information. We share information as described above. This section also descrbes how we “sell” information, as that term is used in the CCPA. Categories of Personal Information Sold. Identifiers and inferences about website visitors. Purposes for Selling or Personal Information. This data is used by our Advertisers and Partners for more tailored advertising, marketing, measurement, analytics, and research. Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is Sold. Advertisers and potential advertisers, , advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, Websites, and market research firms. Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information was Disclosed (Sold or Shared) for a Business Purpose. Advertisers, advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, Websites and market research firms. C. California Consumer Rights & Options. You have the right to access, correct, or delete Your Personal Information. We do not collect, use, sell, or share sensitive Personal Information, but if we ever do, you will have the right to tell us to limit its use. You may exercise your rights by emailing us at privacy@media.net . You can opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information or exercise your "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" right via Media.net’s opt-out tool here . We may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing your opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, we may not be able to provide you with copies of the personal information we hold if we cannot verify that it is yours. If you ask to delete your personal information, and we cannot determine which information is yours, we may treat your request as a request not to sell your information. We do not honor “Do Not Track” signals that are not officially recognized, but we will honor requests to opt out of sale sent from officially recognized global privacy controls. s. If an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may require that the authorized agent provide written proof of their authority and we may separately verify your identity and confirm your request with you. If you have any questions about your rights or our disclosures, please contact our privacy officer per the details listed in the section titled Contact Us" below. We will never discriminate against you because you have exercised these rights. D. Rights of Consumers in Other U.S. States. If you are a Virginia, Connecticut, or Colorado consumer, you have the right to: Confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information;Access your personal information;Correct inaccuracies in your personal information and the purposes for which we are processing itDelete your personal information;Obtain a copy of personal information you have previously provided to us;Opt out of targeted advertisingOpt out of the sale of your personal data;Opt out of profiling that would be used for significant decisions about you. We will never discriminate against you because you have exercised these rights. For certain requests, we may email you to confirm your identity. You can email us at privacy@media.net or make your request here . V. Additional EU/UK Disclosures A. Data controller. We are the data controller for all processing of l Personal Information collected through our Website.When we perform Services, we generally act as a data controller for the personal information we process, but we sometimes perform Services as a Processor for one of our customers. If you have a complaint, contact our privacy office per the details listed in the section titled " Contact Us below. You also have the right to contact the data protection authority in your country. Our EU-GDPR Representative is: Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH - MediaNet - Colmantstraße 15 53115 Bonn Germany art-27-rep-medianet@rickert.law Our UK-GDPR Representative is: Rickert Services Ltd UK - MediaNet - PO Box 1487 Peterborough PE1 9XX United Kingdom art-27-rep-medianet@rickert-services.uk B. Legal Basis for our Processing of Your Personal Information. Below are the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your Personal Information: Consent Consent means your freely given, specific, informed agreement to processing, shown by an affirmative action you have taken to communicate that you agree to your personal information being processed.We rely on Consent as the legal process for placing Tools on your browser or device, and for using them to store information on your device. We also rely on Consent as the legal basis for providing personalized advertising. When we provide Services that facilitate the delivery of personalized advertising, including the use of a your behavior across web sites and over time, or the development of a profile, we also rely on Consent.If we provide Services that make it possible to deliver personalized content to you, we will rely on Consent as the legal basis for the data processing required.For Website analytics we sometimes rely on Consent, and sometimes legitimate interest, depending on the data collected, and legal basis used by Sellers and Buyers Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal Information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your Personal Information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). We also do not use your Personal Information where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We sometimes rely on our legitimate interest to use limited information (such as the content you are currently viewing, or your general geographic area) to provide basic ads to you. We do not believe that the use of this general information, which is not used to create a profile of you, presents substantial risks to you as a data subject. Any risks are outweighed by the benefits all parties derive from using basic advertising to support the delivery of Content. When a Seller relies on its legitimate interest to process limited personal information for the delivery of basic ads, instead of obtaining your consent to do so, we too rely on our legitimate interest to perform the services that make it possible to provide basic ads. Similarly when a Seller uses limited personal information to select content, we too rely on our legitimate interest to do so. In both of these cases there is little risk to your rights and freedoms based on the limited personal information used. We rely on legitimate interest to determine how many times an advertisement has been presented to you so that you do not see it too often, and to detect fraud so that Sellers only pay for legitimate advertising views. In both of these cases, the risk to the data subject based on the limited data used is smaller than the benefit that we, the Sellers, Buyers, and Partners, and you the data subject, derive from maintaining the usefulness and integrity of the advertising services we provide. Similarly, we rely on our legitimate interest to measure the performance of advertising. This too helps to ensure the quality and integrity of the advertising Services without adding any substantial risk to your rights and freedoms. We rely on our legitimate interest to use the data we are processing when we perform Services to support, develop, and improve our Services. This does not present any additional risk to You and it helps us provide high quality Services that benefit you and the Sellers, Buyers, and Partners who rely on us. You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us at privacy@media.net Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.We rely on this legal basis for processing when we process the business contact information of Partners and clients to which we provide Services. Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your Personal Information where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject. If we are required to provide personal information to a data protection authority or other legal authority, we do so in reliance on this legal basis for processing C. Participation in the advertising industry Transparency and Consent Framework. We participate in the IAB Europe’s Transparency and Consent Framework (“TCF”), which allows you to better understand who is providing advertising services to you on the websites you visit, and gives you choices about who may process your personal information. We are a registered vendor (142) on the IAB Europe’s Global Vendor List (GVL). D. Sharing of Personal Information. We share information as described above . E. Additional EU/UK Privacy Rights. If we are relying on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You have the right to request that we correct or erase your personal information. You also have the right to object to some or all of our processing and to object to automated decision-making with significant or legal effects. You can exercise your rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@media.net . F. Modifications to this Privacy Policy. We may edit, amend, modify, and update our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time, by posting updated text on or links to our Website. When we make material changes to our Privacy Policies or our privacy practices, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or providing a notice to you. We display the Effective Date at the top of our Privacy Policy so that you will know when there has been a change in its effective date. By using our Website or our Technology or any Publisher Site using our Technology after the effective date, you will have agreed and be deemed to have agreed to comply with and be legally bound by the updated Privacy Policies. G. Cross border transfers. Our Website and technology infrastructure is primarily maintained in the United States. If you are visiting our Website or Seller Sites from the regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from those in the United States, please note that you may be transferring your information to the United States and to other countries around the world. By using our Website, you agree to export and use your information within the United States and in other countries as specified in this Privacy Policy. If you are situated in the EU/UK, whenever we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU/UK, we ensure appropriate and suitable safeguards are used to protect your Personal Information . Where we use certain service providers, or provide Services ourselves, we may use specific contracts including data processing agreements based on the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure these safeguards are in place. VI. Sensitive Information. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g.,social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through our Website, or our Services or otherwise to us. VII. Third Party Practices. This Privacy Policy applies solely to our privacy practices, and not to the practices of other parties. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of every website that you visit to be sure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to you from each of them. VIII. Data Retention. We will only retain information relating to you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for such information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Unless contrary to applicable laws, except with respect to information about our Partners with whom we have an ongoing relationship, our policy is to retain the non-aggregated information we collect for up to 24 months, after which the data is either anonymized or deleted from our systems. And as permitted by law, we may continue to retain aggregated information. In some circumstances, if you are an EU/UK data subject, you can ask us to delete your Personal Data by sending us an email to privacy@media.net .We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. IX. Children. Our Website is intended for an audience above the age of 18. Neither our Website nor our Technology / advertising services are developed for, intended for, or directed at, children, and we do not knowingly collect information from or about children under the age of 16 (or such other age as may be restricted under local law). If you believe your child has provided his or her information to us, please contact us at privacy@media.net . X. Contact Us. If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@media.net or mail us at: Privacy Officer Media.net Advertising FZ-LLC 2701 Aurora Tower, Dubai Media City Dubai 215028, UAE Policies: Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information User ID: Timestamp: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguageCloudflare Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 3, 2023. We have updated our December 20, 2022 Privacy Policy to add a new subsidiary (Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.) in section 17. This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information. CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems. We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent. 1. POLICY APPLICATION This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects: Attendees: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.Website Visitors: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to www.cloudflare.com as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar. Customers: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing. Administrative Users: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.Public DNS Resolver Users: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver here . End Users: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.Registrants: Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an ICANN -accredited registrar and complies with the 2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement (“RAA”). This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the 1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services. This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact. Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.). 2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects) AttendeesName, email address, and other contact information: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.Image and voice: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study. Website VisitorsName, email address, and other contact information: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law. Log files: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.Cookies and other tracking technologies: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” or “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” links in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click here ). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our Cookie Policy . Material contributed in Interactive Areas: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below. Customers and Administrative UsersCustomer Account Information: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).Payment information: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers. Crash Reports: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.Public DNS Resolver UsersLimited DNS query data: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy here . Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described here .End UsersCloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks. The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.RegistrantsContact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer). Network Data. Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores. 3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to: Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;For other purposes for which we obtain your consent. In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes: Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners.See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes; Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and Public DNS Resolver Users. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy here . Information from Third Party Services. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers. 4. DATA AGGREGATION Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties. 5. INFORMATION SHARING We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations. Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us. In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances: Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests here ); Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; orAs you may otherwise consent from time to time. Additional Information on Sharing Public DNS Resolver Users. Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver here . Registrants.If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement here . Marketing & Advertising Partners. Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you. You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” or “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” links on the cloudflare.com homepage. In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com. These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes. California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below 6. NOTICE TO UK AND EU RESIDENTS “Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions. If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacyquestions@cloudflare.com . 7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy. Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland with another member of the Cloudflare group or a third party service provider or partner outside the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. For example, where transfers are made from the EEA, we rely on the EU standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary.If you are accessing or using our Websites or Services or otherwise providing information to us, we may transfer your personal information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information. We describe our additional safeguards here . If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the appropriate safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at privacyquestions@cloudflare.com . While Cloudflare no longer relies on the EU-U.S. and the Swiss -U.S. Privacy Shield as a lawful basis for international transfers of personal information from the EEA and Switzerland to the U.S., Cloudflare remains certified under both the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks respectively as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland to the United States, respectively (“Privacy Shields”). Cloudflare is responsible for the personal data it receives under each Privacy Shield framework and subsequently transfers to a third party agent acting on our behalf. Cloudflare complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, including the onward transfer liability provisions. We commit to periodically review and verify the accuracy of our policies and our compliance with the Privacy Shields. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. For more information on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome . If you believe that we maintain copies of your personal information within the scope of the Privacy Shields, you may direct any inquiries to sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . If neither we nor our dispute resolution provider are able to resolve your complaint, as a last resort you may engage in binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel. Our commitments under the Privacy Shields are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. We may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Under such circumstances, we may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of disclosure. 8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES Cloudflare recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com. Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law. For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the US-Swiss or US-EU Privacy Shield. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S.states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users. 9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com. 10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacyquestions@cloudflare.com . 11. DATA RETENTION We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention: The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations. When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data. 12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes. 13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business. 14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls. 15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . 16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information.For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees); Payment and customer records information of our Customers; Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any content transmitted across or stored on our network; Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories); Professional or employment information; Internet or other electronic network activity information; andInferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences). The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy. The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law. Knowledge. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:the categories of personal information; the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.Correction. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;Opt-out of sales or sharing. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below. Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights. In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information. Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA. You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer below In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above. Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency. 17. CONTACT INFORMATION Cloudflare, Inc.101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare, Ltd.County Hall/The Riverside BuildingBelvedere RoadLondon, SE1 7PBAttention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 291200-369 LisboaAttention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Germany GmbHRosental 780331 MünchenAttention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare France SAS6 place de la Madeleine75008 ParisAttention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.Keizersgracht 62, 1015CS AmsterdamAttention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.182 Cecil Street, #35-01Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.333 George St., 5th FloorSydney, NSW 2000Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.16 South Guangshun StreetDonghuang Building 17th FloorChaoyang District Beijing 100015Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Japan K.K.Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-kuTokyo, 100-0005Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC DIC 1 Internet City RoadBuilding 1, Ground Floor, Office 17JumeirahDubai UAEAttention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare India Private Limited No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond TownBanglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025Attention: Grievance Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Area 1 Security, LLC 838 Walker Road Suite 21-2, Dover, DE, 19904Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Korea LLC 8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507 Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168 Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.Paseo de los Tamarindos 150, Bosques de las Lomas, CuajimalpaCiudad de México, C.P. 05120Attention: Data Protection Officer privacyquestions@cloudflare.com Legal Have Questions? If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us: +1 (650) 319-8930 Cloudflare, Inc.101 Townsend St,San Francisco, CA 94107USA Sales Contact Sales: Getting Started Community Developers Support Company © 2023 Cloudflare, Inc.Platform Overview $content_header['title'] Do more with your data: Access Access data from anywhere so it can be used everywhere. Access Manage Manage data assets in a safe and secure way. Manage Activate Move beyond data to actionable intelligence. Activate Analyze Measure and optimize data to deliver business outcomes. Analyze Featured Products Authenticated Traffic Solution (ATS) Authenticated Traffic Solution (ATS) Advanced TV Measurement Advanced TV Measurement Featured Resource Take a tour of the LiveRamp Platform Get Started Solutions by Business Need Solutions By Team Solutions By Industry Learn and ConnectResource Center Resource Center Marketing Innovation Blog Marketing Innovation Blog Developer Blog Developer Blog RampUp RampUp LiveRamp University LiveRamp University Featured eBook 5 Best Practices for Building a Successful Media Network Read Now PartnersPartner Overview Find out more about our partnerships and the value they can unlock for your business. Partner Overview [NEW] Partner Discovery Explore and discover the perfect partners for your use case. [NEW] Partner Discovery Partner Directory View a list of partners from the world's leading technology platforms and providers of data, media and services. Partner Directory Partner Discovery Experience Unlock the power of LiveRamp and our partner ecosystem Discover Partner Solutions Get to know LiveRampAbout Us About Us Leadership Leadership Press & News Press & News Investors Investors Contact Contact LiveRamp Ventures LiveRamp Ventures Events Events Careers Careers Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging LiveRamp.org LiveRamp.org Data Ethics & Privacy Data Ethics & Privacy Featured Resource Take a tour of the LiveRamp Platform Get Started Toogle search bar Data Privacy Portal Data is a powerful tool. At LiveRamp, we believe a culture of accountability is essential to success in a data-driven world. Read our Privacy Notices Where required, we maintain privacy notices for various business purposes and multiple regions or regulatory jurisdictions of the world. The choices available to an individual may vary within these areas based on local laws and customs. Our full list of privacy notices is available on this page. Please select a privacy notice below to understand what information we collect, how the information is used and what choices you have to protect your information. General Privacy Notices Product and Service Privacy Notice (How we handle data within our databases when we are the business or controller.) Web and Business Representative Privacy Notice (How we handle data on this website and collected from corporate activities and events.) Specific Country or U.S. State Privacy Notices North America California Privacy Notice (How we handle personal data for California residents.) Mexico Privacy Notice (How we handle personal data for Mexico residents.) Asia-Pacific Australia Privacy PoliciesJapan European Union and United Kingdom UKFranceGermanyItalyNetherlandsSpain Security In addition to our privacy notices, we maintain strict security policies and procedures. See our Data Security Knowledge Base page for details. Your Privacy Choices You may have certain legal rights with respect to data. These rights may include the right of access, deletion, limiting the use of or correction of personal data. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, if they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of any relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.Select the appropriate link below to exercise your rights: Universal LiveRamp Opt Out ToolsUnited States Your Privacy Choices portal (for regulated states, such as California, Nevada, and Virginia) Asia Pacific Countries (except Australia), email apaclegal@liveramp.com Australia Your Rights portalCanada Your Rights portalEEA Countries The UK Your Rights PortalFrance residents, email dpo.de@liveramp.com Germany residents, email privacy.de@liveramp.com Spain residents, email privacy.es@liveramp.com Italy residents, email privacy.it@liveramp.com Belgium residents, email privacy.be@liveramp.comThe Netherlands residents, email privacy.nl@liveramp.com Mexico Your Rights portal Platform Solutions Resources Partners CompanyNeustar Privacy Center Neustar is now a TransUnion company. To learn how Neustar handles personal information about you, please visit the Neustar Privacy Notice and to exercise the rights you may have regarding that personal information, please visit the Neustar Privacy Portal Neustar Headquarters 1906 Reston Metro Plaza Suite 500 Reston, VA 20190 571-434-5400 Product and Sales Inquiries: 1-855-898-0036 Customer Support: 1-844-NSR-CUST Privacy Support: 1-844-638-2878 Copyright © 2023 TransUnion LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy (Updated 1/3/23) Contact Us Email Address First Name Last Name Company Business Phone Job Title Solution Needed Industry Country State Or call to speak to someone now 1-855-898-0036. Thank you for contacting us. We'll get back to you as soon as possible. Login Cookies: This site and all .neustar TLD sites use cookies and other technologies to provide an optimal web user experience. By continuing without changing settings, you agree to our use of cookies. Disabling cookies will restrict usage of our shopping cart. To learn more, please read our Neustar Cookie Policy . Cookie Opt Out You have been opted out of Neustar website cookies. If you would like to opt out of Neustar services cookies, please click on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page.Privacy To read our Privacy Policy in other languages please select below: Francais Español Italiano Português Deutsche 日本語 Bahasa Indonesia Melayu Tagalog हिन्दी عربى ShareThis takes privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice sets out what data we collect, how we collect it, why we process it, who we may share it with and, where the data we collect is personal data, your rights with respect to such personal data. ShareThis may change this Notice from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are up to date with any changes. ShareThis is committed to processing information in accordance with applicable laws (including where applicable the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and as described in this Privacy Notice. For specific information about how ShareThis adheres to European, UK and Brazil data protection law and your rights as an EEA, UK, Swiss or Brazil data subject please click here. For information about how ShareThis adheres to applicable U.S. Privacy laws in States such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Virginia, and Utah, please click here To access information for Publishers, please visit the Publisher Information page here To access Publisher Terms of Use, please click here . Last Updated on: June 9, 2023 About ShareThis and Its Tools ShareThis provides website operators (“Publishers”) with customizable social sharing tools, which makes sharing online content simple. Any user of a website can easily share anything on the web with their friends on social sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Email, Digg, Reddit and more through using one of our tools on that website (“ ShareThis Icon ”). ShareThis also collects pseudonymous data about internet users and how they interact with content, websites, and advertisements while online. Some of the data is collected via our tools such as the ShareThis Icon , and some is collected through third-party data providers. We compile this data and provide it to our Publishers and license it to advertisers, agencies, and other businesses (our “Customers”) to facilitate the delivery of relevant, targeted advertising and for a number of other reasons which are listed below. We do this by using technology such as cookies and pixels (including the pixels and cookies of our customers) (“ ShareThis Publisher Applications ”) to gather information regarding the browsing and sharing activities of Internet users, both on websites that have the ShareThis Icon and similar tools installed on them. We also receive data from others who operate in the data analytics and advertising industries. We analyze and aggregate the data we collect to create groups of data (called audience segments) based on defined criteria. For example, we segment into groups internet users who we believe have similar characteristics, interests, needs or behavioral patterns. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our audience segments. We compile this data to provide analytics to our Publishers and license it to our Customers for a number of purposes as described below, including targeted advertising. Targeted advertising has the aim of displaying advertising which is more likely to be of interest to internet users, based on analyses of their recent browsing and sharing activities and interactions with the website and adverts. It is also sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising. For more information on this type of advertising, click here . Contents I. Data Collection and Use In order to offer our products and services, we collect and use data relating to the websites you visit to display personalized advertisements, provide analytics, and data modeling based on social sharing, by us or third parties. This data is pseudonymous personal data in that it may not be used directly by ShareThis to identify an actual person. This data does enable our systems to recognize your computer, device and/or browser over time. In many places, this pseudonymous data is considered personal data and/or personal information under applicable law. We do not intentionally collect identifiable personal information such as your name, postal address, phone number, email address, credit card information, or anything else that can allow us or our customers to contact you directly as part of our products and services. We may collect identifiable personal information and even financial information such as payment or bank details if you are one of our Publishers or if you have a business relationship with ShareThis. We have set out below the categories of data we process and why we process each category of data.Usage Data and Profile Information 1.1 Usage Data We collect information about how Internet users browse the Internet and interact with online content and advertisements through our ShareThis Icon, the ShareThis Publisher Applications and user interactions with advertisements on the Internet. We call this “Usage Data”. Usage Data includes: The unique IDs of the cookie(s) placed on your web browser (example: 37d387ca-f68a-11e5-b87d-0e58954c72b1) and/or a hashed version of an email address which help us recognize your browser or device over time.Information about the user’s browser and deviceUser agent stringWebpages viewed (including the URL addresses of such pages and search parameters, which may include search terms and key words) and the previous web pages that referred the user to that webpage Time when webpages are viewedSearch queries from which users are directed to a webpageNavigation from page to pageTime spent on each webpageInteractions with the webpage, including items clicked or selected and content highlighted or copiedAds viewed or displayed to the user and the user’s interactions with those adsShares of content including what content is shared and where – for example, the relevant social media site (e.g., Twitter, Facebook) Geographic information such as country, city, state, or postal code.IP addressesDevice IDs Although the Usage Data listed above is not used by ShareThis to directly identify an actual person, it is considered to be personal data in many places. 1.2 Profile Information We receive information about the content of the websites that you visit and information about the audience of those websites to enable us to infer and create groups of users who have similar characteristics, interests, or behavioral patterns. We combine the Usage Data with data we receive from third party advertisers, analytics vendors and data partners to create categories of data that are helpful to advertisers seeking to deliver a more personalized advertising experience. For example, if a user regularly views or shares content about shopping for a car, our systems may infer that this user may be interested in purchasing an automobile. This practice is sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising, and a segment titled “interested in automobile” is sometimes referred to as an audience segment or a “profile.” When we group this data into profiles, we refer to it as “Profile Information”. We can infer this Profile Information (by reference to browser identifiers, not actual names) using the information we obtain from third parties about the likely content and characteristics of the users and audiences of the websites which are visited. For example, visitors to a particular website may have an interest in cars while visitors to a different website may typically be within a certain age or income range. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our Profile Information. The characteristics by which we group users relate to age ranges, income ranges, education, gender, product or activity interests and family composition (e.g., how many children in the family), on the basis of information available about the typical audience of websites they visit and content viewed. In certain cases where Publishers that we work with utilize the “Google Analytics By ShareThis WordPress” plug-in on their websites, ShareThis uses a Google Analytics feature currently known as Google Analytics Demographics, in order to better understand the audience demographics of those Publisher websites, and to provide insights about those demographics to the Publishers that own or operate those websites. To learn more about Google Analytics’ privacy practices, please click here . To opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, please click here , or you may also visit the NAI consumer choice page . In the U.S., ShareThis creates modeled segments based off of demographic attributes where those attributes are aligned with the target audience of products marketed by pharmaceutical drug companies. If you would like to see a list of the types of Profile Information used by ShareThis, including any Profile Information that is health or political in nature (U.S. only), please click here. ShareThis does not create Profile Information based on topics we believe to be sensitive under applicable law, or based on visits to adult entertainment websites. 1.3 How we obtain Usage Data and Profile Information We collect Usage Data when your device visits our website, uses or interacts with our services (including sharing content with the ShareThis Icon), when your device visits Publishers’ websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications, and when your device views or clicks advertisements that we serve or are served on our behalf.We do so by using cookies placed on your browser (to the extent that cookies are not-restricted by the browser), pixel tags, and HTTP headers (or other communication protocols) and the use of hashed email address. We may also use probabilistic IDs generated via the user agent string and IP address when cookies are restricted by the browser. Our use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies Web Environment: (desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers) ShareThis places cookies containing a UID on the browsers of visitors to websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications. The ShareThis Publisher Applications also may enable cookies to be placed by ShareThis partners and our Customers to enable the synchronization of unique identifiers between ShareThis and our third-party partners and Customers. Cookies: Small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser. Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, you may be able to change your browser settings to refuse or otherwise restrict cookies. Check your browser’s “Help” files to learn more about handling cookies on your browser. Below is a description of the cookies placed by ShareThis. _stid 1 year ShareThis cookie ID. _stidv 10 years ShareThis cookie ID version. wordpress_test_cookie Session ShareThis cookie, tests if we have access to cookies. pubconsent 13 months ShareThis cookie set to indicate user has made a declaration about GDPR data collection for IAB TCF v1 format. st_optout 10 years ShareThis cookie set to indicate that user has opted out from data collection. _ga 2 years Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users. _gat 1 day Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users. _gid 1 day Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users. visopt_s 3 months VWO cookie to see the number of times the browser was closed and reopened. _vis_opt_test_cookie Session VWO session cookie to see if the cookies are enabled on the browser of the user or not. Helps in tracking the number of browser sessions of a visitor. _vwo_uuid_v2 1 year VWO cookie calculates unique traffic on a website. intercom-id-fe2c9dmj 10 months Intercom: Anonymous visitor identifier cookie for site visitors. intercom-session-fe2c9dmj 7 months Intercom: Identifier for each unique browser session. Session cookie is refreshed on each successful logged-in ping, extending it to 1 week from that moment. User can access their conversations and have data communicated on logged out pages for 1 week, as long as the session isn’t intentionally terminated with ‘Intercom (’shutdown’), which usually happens on logout. pxcelBcnLcy Sessions ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track latency on reporting beacon. pxcelAcc3PC 1 day ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to check whether third party cookies are accepted by the browser. This is only set if there is no incoming cookie in the request. pxcelPage_c010and/orpxcelPage_c010_Band/orpxcelPage_c010_Cand/orpxcelPage_c010_D 1 year ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track status of pixel rotation loading. ShareThis uses a different cookie for different groups of sites within the ShareThis network. usprivacy n/a ShareThis reads if the usprivacy cookie is present in the publisher domain. fpestid 13 months Fpestid is a ShareThis cookie ID set in the domain of the website operator. Pixel tags: These are small blocks of code on a webpage which read and place cookies. When you visit a webpage, ShareThis’ pixel will see if your browser has a ShareThis cookie installed on it. If it doesn’t, the pixel will place the cookie. If the browser already has a ShareThis cookie, the pixel will “read” the cookie and will send us information such as the time you viewed a webpage, the type of browser used and your IP address. This is how we learn about your interests and enable our customers to deliver targeted advertising to you. HTTP headers: These are transmitted whenever a webpage is viewed, and contain technical information required to connect your browser to the webpage. This information may include information about the browser and the requested webpage. ShareThis collects this information. Hashed emails: Hashing an email is a cryptographic function. Hashing is a way of encrypting a piece of data, like an email address, into a hexadecimal string. By doing this, each email address becomes an unrecognizable jumble of numbers and letters. This technique doesn’t allow us to send you an email message or to identify who you are. However, it does allow us to recognize your browser or device in the same way that cookies help us to recognize your browser or device. ShareThis may obtain hashed emails from our advertising partners to help provide our products and services.We may also receive and hash emails you provide to our Publishers. For more information, and to better understand the choices available to you, please visit https://thenai.org/opt-out/ama-opt-out/. Mobile Environments: (Mobile applications) To serve ads in mobile applications identifiers may be used, such as Google Advertising ID or Apple IDFA, depending on the operating system of your mobile device. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your mobile device over time. Many of the mobile operating systems which provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit NAI Mobile opt-out page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/ . Connected TV Environments: (Mobile applications) To serve ads onto TV streaming devices and smart TVs, pseudonymous advertising identifiers may be used. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your smart TV and/or streaming device over time. Many streaming devices and smart TVs that provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit the NAI SmartTV opt-out page at https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/. Linking Environments: (browsers and mobile apps used) To serve you personalized advertisements and provide a seamless online experience, third party data partners that we work with may link your identifiers on the different environments you use. We may enable the linking of our Usage Data through cookie syncing. We do not use plain text information that may be used by ShareThis to identify you such as your name or address to operate the linking. Our data partners may use exact linking methods by leveraging the pseudonymous data collected through our technology such as advertising partner identifiers. Probabilistic IDs : Some browsers may block or otherwise restrict our ability to place cookies in the ShareThis domain. When this occurs, ShareThis may use a combination of user agent and IP address to help us recognize a browser or device over time. You can manage cookies, change consents, or opt out of personalized ads using the mechanisms described in ‘ User Choices’ . 1.4 How we use Usage Data and Profile Information We use Usage Data and Profile Information internally for the following business purposes: To enable our tools to function;Pursuant to our relationship with Google Analytics Demographics, to enable demographic reporting features we provide to our Publishers;To link browsers and devices that we infer might belong to the same household;To enable us to sync unique identifiers;To enable ST to manage the security of our Website, tools, networks, and systems.To comply with applicable laws. We may also use Usage Data and Profile Information and/or audience segments and license such information to our Customers for the following business purposes including (where not prohibited under applicable law): To enable the delivery of targeted advertisingTo conduct market research and analytics in order to find meaningful patterns in the data that enables ShareThis to draw insights into how web Users generally behave. This may have specific application to companies seeking to better understand the characteristics of their target customer. It also may help hedge funds attempting understanding macro investment trends.For data modeling in order to draw inferences. For example, to create lookalike audiences models. To create modeled segments based off of demographic attributes.To enhance security features or reduce fraud, including ad fraud,To enhance addressability features that enable a company to recognize the same browser, device and/or user over time. Our Customers who we share your data with may use this information to generate their own Profile Information. They may independently gain other demographical information about you through their own cookies or web beacons and combine it with the data we provide to them. While we require our customers to avoid merging data received from ShareThis with identifiable personal data such as a clear email address (i.e., in violation of the NAI Code of Conduct ), the use of cookies and pixel tags by these third-party advertisers, publishers, and ad networks are subject to their own privacy policies. Please refer to the ‘Recipients of Your Data’ section of this Privacy Notice for more information about who we disclose your data to. Children ShareThis does not intentionally collect data from children and does not tailor any Profile Information or otherwise license data to enable targeting of children under 16 years of age.If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may be processing data of children you are responsible for, please see the section on User Choices and Rights, or contact us directly. Emails from Users with ShareThis Icon When you share to email with the ShareThis Icon, you choose how to connect to email from your device. We will only know what content you shared, and that you did so by means of email. We do not receive any information about the email itself, for example, your email address, the email address of the recipient or the content of your email. We are not responsible for the information shared by users via the ShareThis Publisher Applications. Account Information “ Account Information ” means the information which Publishers and representatives of Publishers provide when they register for an account with us and when they use their account. Many of our services can be used without registering with us. However if you are a Publisher, or represent a Publisher, and want to use some of our enhanced features, you will need to register with us. If you choose to register with us, you must be and you affirm that you are 16 years of age or older. We do not sell or share registration information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Business contacts data We may process your personal data if you are or your employer has a business relationship with us. For example, if you’re a Customer, a prospective Customer, a vendor/supplier of ours, or a business partner, we may process your data. The personal data we hold about you refers to your professional life (name, email address, billing address, office address, phone numbers, title, company you work for). We would have collected that information from exchanging emails or business cards, meeting at industry meetings or client sessions etc. We may process that data for a number of legitimate business purposes, including: a) to communicate with you within the context of our business relationship; b) to provide our products or services; c) for billing and invoicing purposes; and d) for sales, marketing and product promotional purposes ((e.g., uploading emails into LinkedIn and similar platforms to advertise new services to current and prospective Customers). This data may also be processed for the purposes set out in the section ‘ General purposes which apply to all data.’ Employee and Job Applicants’ data If you are an employee of ShareThis, or you apply for a role with ShareThis, in the US or in Europe, please refer to our HR Policy for information about how we process your data. These can be obtained from our HR department at HR@ShareThis.com . Data Collected on ShareThis.com This section sets out how we process data of visitors of our corporate website (our “Website”, ShareThis.com), apart from any ‘Usage Data and Profile Information’ and the ‘Account Information’ which relates only to Publishers who register with us. When you visit our Website, you may choose to provide information to us voluntarily if you interact with ShareThis.com in certain ways, such as by applying for employment with ShareThis, or using one of our contact forms. This information is used only for the reasons for which it was collected, such as responding to your communication, and it is not shared with third parties other than trusted service providers who are contractually required to only use such data to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data automatically when you visit ShareThis.com and use that information to help administer the Website, to remember your preferences, to conduct website analytics and for security and fraud prevention purposes. Where we enable third parties to collect pseudonymous information on ShareThis.com (e.g., using cookies and pixels), that information may be viewed as a sale of data by ShareThis under applicable in certain jurisdictions such as California. To address this, we provide you with a privacy notice when you visit the Website and the opportunity to opt-out of these third-party data collection practices on our Website. We encourage you to visit the applicable policies of those third parties or visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about interest-based advertising and to see your opt-out choices from other participating companies that may be collecting and using data on ShareThis.com. General purposes which apply to all data There are a number of “general” reasons that ShareThis may process data on our systems. Many of them are required by applicable law and/or to help us ensure that the Internet remains a safe space. Some of them enable us to promote and grow our business.If you’d like additional information, please email privacy@sharethis.com. We may also process data for the following purposes: a) as required by applicable law; b) to cooperate with competent legal authorities such as data protection regulators, the police and the FBI; c) to enforce our terms and conditions, including by obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings; d) to protect our operations, property and interests, and those of third parties; e) to sell and promote the sale of our business and/or assets. Finally, ShareThis may transfer information to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If ShareThis is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information. II. The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU, Swiss, or UK Data Subject If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in Switzerland, The Swiss Federal Data Protection Act applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the above data protection laws and your rights as a data subject. For purposes of this privacy policy, we’ll refer to the above data protection laws as “EEA Data Protection Laws” and data subjects located in the above places as “EEA Data Subjects.” Definition of Personal Data EEA Data Protection Laws define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA Data Subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees. Special Categories of Personal Data ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to EEA Data Subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation). Legal Basis for Processing EEA Data Protection Laws requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent (our primary legal basis with respect to our Processing of Usage Data and Profile Information); b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by ShareThis. Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies – We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As ShareThis does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below. Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via ShareThis.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required. Usage Data and Profile Information – We obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, and ShareThis also processes Usage Data and Profile Information with consent. Website Data – We collect personal data via ShareThis.com. Where that data is provided to ShareThis (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a business relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the Website, we use consent.Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the Website and help us to a better job of personalizing the Website to the interests of visitors. Account Data and Business Relationships – We require some Publishers to setup an Account with ShareThis. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to ShareThis, our Customers, our employees, and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, ShareThis may have your personal data including your name, your work email, or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between ShareThis and the Publisher, Customer, vendor, Etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing). General Purposes – There are a number of instances where ShareThis processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example: Legal and Regulatory Compliance – Like most companies, ShareThis will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for ShareThis to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. Enforcement of legal obligations – To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, ShareThis processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings. Sell and Promote our Business – ShareThis may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest. Aggregated Data – Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes. Data Controller ShareThis is generally a Controller of data with respect to the data processed as described above. Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. ShareThis is also the controller of the data it collects via ShareThis.com. Data Processors ShareThis also has a number of agents and service providers who operate as processors of data on ShareThis’ behalf. These agents and service providers are only able to use the data as specifically directed by ShareThis and only to provide the services requested by us. They are also contractually obligated to process the data securely and under confidentiality obligations. EEA Data Subject Rights Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. These rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies. Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at privacy@sharethis.com .We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one-month period. You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en . How ShareThis interacts with our Publishers on GDPR, Swiss, and UK Data Protection compliance If you are in the European Economic Area, you may be familiar with websites asking you to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies. If you are in the UK, you may see similar consent notices which pertain to the UK Data Protection Act. Where the ShareThis Applications are used to process personal data from data subjects in places where a notice and/or consent is required, our Publishers are required to notify you about the use of the ShareThis Applications, mention ShareThis as a third party who processes your personal data and ask you to consent to such processing as well as the placement of cookies. Cross-border transfers of EEA personal data We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law. When we transfer personal data outside the EEA or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded. When we enter into business relationships which involves the transfer of personal data of EEA Data Subjects to the United States, we put in place reasonable transfer mechanisms such as the EU standard contractual clauses with the recipient. More information about international data transfers under the GDPR can be found at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en . If requested, we may make available a copy of such safeguards, as required by EAA Data Protection Laws. Data Protection Officer and Representative ShareThis has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required. Our DPO can be contacted as follows: Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO): dpo@sharethis.com ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, London WC1N 2EB, UK. ShareThis’ representative in the EU is: Verasafe and they may be reached at representative@sharethis.com. III. The LGPD and Your Rights as a Brazil Data Subject If you are located in Brazil, then the Brazilian General Law for the Protection of Personal Data (LGPD) applies to our processing of personal data. The LGPD grants those located Brazil a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in Brazil. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the LGPD and your rights as a data subject located in Brazil. Definition of Personal Data The LGPD defines personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the Brazil, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA and UK data subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees, as applicable. Special Categories of Personal Data ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to data subjects in Brazil. Legal Basis for Processing The LGPD entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.Brazil and Data Subject Rights Where the LGPD applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. If you are located in Brazil and have questions about how ShareThis implements these rights, please email us at privacy@sharethis.com. IV. The U.S. State Privacy Laws (e.g., CCPA) and Your Rights as a Data Subject A number of U.S. states (e.g., California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Virginia, and Utah) have enacted laws that may provide additional privacy protections for data subjects and users located into those states, including: the right to see what data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to know),the right to correct the data we have about you, your computer or device,the right to delete the data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to delete), andthe right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of data about you, your computer or device to certain third parties (i.e., the right to opt-out from sales or sharing of your information) and the right to opt-out of profiling and/or targeted ads. These U.S. state laws define personal information broadly. And as such, almost all of the information we collect is considered personal information under these laws. U.S. data subjects may send an email to privacy@sharethis.com to exercise those rights of visit data subject access page. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765. We do not treat users that exercise any of the above rights differently. However, we may not be able to honor a right if doing so would violate applicable law. ShareThis does not sell data collected via our Website or the data we use to operate our business. However, we transfer personal information collected via the ShareThis Publisher Applications to third parties and as such are considered to have sold data over the past twelve months under California law, including any of the Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments. We generally ask only for the minimum information necessary to help us process a subject access or deletion request and will keep information pertaining to your request for up to two years. If you are a customer of ShareThis with a login and password to the ShareThis platform, we ask that you first direct your request to the person or persons at your organization that administers the relationship with ShareThis. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765. CCPA Metrics for 2021 Pursuant to CCPA Regulation 999.317(g), ShareThis informs you of the following metrics: Total Whole Part Denied a. The number of CCPA requests to know that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2021 16 16 b. The number of CCPA requests to delete that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2021 38 38 c. The number of CCPA requests to opt-out that ShareThis received via our email form, complied with whole or part and denied in 2021 d. The median number of days within which ShareThis substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete and requests to opt-out Total Requests to know Requests to delete Requests to opt-out Total e. The number of opt-out requests we received via the ShareThis opt-out page or industry opt-out pages worldwide in 2021 all of which resulted in the real-time placement of an opt-out cookie by ShareThis as described in this privacy policy. 41,769,347 V. Data Sharing or Disclosure, Recipients of Your Data We sell and/or share Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments with the following types of businesses, and accept for Publishers, we view each of the below as our Customers: Publishers – We provide analytics tools for Publishers based on the data collected via the ShareThis tools.Advertisers and Retailers – companies seeking to better understand their customers so as to more effectively serve those customer’s needsAdvertising Agencies – companies that purchase advertising on behalf of other companies.Advertising Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of advertising, mostly via digital channels, including demand side platforms, supply side platforms, advertising exchanges and ad servers.Marketing Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of marketing messages via channels such as email and SMS.Data Companies – companies that process data into profiles that enable other companies to market and advertise more effectively.Professional Services Companies – Companies that provide high level strategy and analytic services.Security or Fraud Prevention Vendors – Companies that help ensure the security and reliability of their customer’s data or infrastructure. Investment Firms – Financial services companies and investment firms seeking to better understand how consumers use the Internet. We share this information for the purposes listed in the section ‘Data Collection and Use .’ Where the GDPR applies to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. Customers may share the data which they process with other third parties who are not mentioned in this Privacy Notice, in accordance with their own privacy policies. As an example, they may use third party service providers to display advertising or other content on their behalf. Please review some of our Customer’s privacy policies for more information: 2. Other third-party agents and service providers We share the data described in this Privacy Notice trusted agents with data storage and processing facilities such as Amazon Web Services who are required under contract to only process data according to our written instructions and we require them to use data only for the purposes of providing services to us and to implement security controls and to maintain the confidentiality of that information. Here are the categories of service providers utilized by ShareThis: Cloud data storage providers such as Amazon Web Services;Customer billing systems providers;Email service providers offering tools to send emails on our behalf;Website analytics providers such as Google analytics;Customer relationship management software providers;Vendors assisting us with legally required audits;Third-party computer programmers helping ensure our systems are operating properly;Job ticket support vendors helping us record issues and debug; and Security vendors. 3. Data Retention We have defined retention policies for different types of personal data. We only retain data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which we process it and only as long as it remains relevant, unless we need to retain it because we are required to do so by law, to defend and exercise claims, or for regulatory reasons. 3.1 Usage Data, Profile Information and Data Collected via ShareThis.com We retain Usage Data and Profile Information for up to 13 months from the date of collection for targeted advertising, and for up to 36 months for insights and analytics. We also retain data collected via ShareThis.com for up to 36 months for analytics and to ensure that our website functions properly. We may aggregate and anonymize data so that it can no longer be linked to a device or individual, therefore it ceases to be personal data, and we may retain this data for longer periods. 3.2 Account Information We retain Account Information for as long as you have an active account with us. If you have not logged into any of our services with your username and password for a period of 14 consecutive months, we may deem your account as being inactive and delete your Account Information. This could result in the loss of data you may have saved and we do not accept liability for such deletion. You always have the option to cancel your account with us at any time. Simply sign into the site and click on the My Account at the top of the page. Click on Edit Profile and then select Deactivate Account and follow the instructions. You may also request to have your Account Information removed by submitting a request to privacy@sharethis.com . 4. Data Security The security of your information is a high priority to ShareThis. We have implemented industry-standard security measures. While no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, we strive to protect your data. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of ShareThis to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions of private communications. ShareThis cannot ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit to us. VI. Commitments to Privacy Standards ShareThis promotes transparency and control for users as members of various self-regulatory programs. ShareThis also participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-US and Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. ShareThis is a member of the following self-regulatory programs: Network Advertising Initiative (NAI): ShareThis adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct .NAI offers an online web opt-out platform to allow consumers to express their choices and provides general information related to privacy and Interest Based Advertising . The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA): ShareThis adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. The DAA opt-out platform offers the consumer a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy. European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA): ShareThis adheres to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“EDAA”) principles . The EDAA opt-out platform offers consumers in the European Union a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy. GDPR and Swiss Privacy Shield: ShareThis, Inc. is committed to protecting data and enabling individual privacy rights in every location we do business. Therefore, we comply with the GDPR and the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks. In accordance with the GDPR, which is designed to empower and protect the data privacy rights of EU individuals, ShareThis makes available user consent tools (ShareThis is a registered CMP with the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework), as well as facilitating user data rights outlined throughout this notice. VII. User Choices and Opt-out Rights If you do not want to receive advertisements based on Usage Data and Profile Information collected by ShareThis on your current browser, you can change and manage your preferences in relation to the collection and processing of Usage Data and Profile Information by clicking the ShareThis opt-out button available on this privacy policy. When data subjects opt-out, ShareThis will stop profiling, engaging in targeted advertising and/or selling or otherwise transferring data about their browser or device to third parties in accordance with applicable law. If you do not want to receive ads based on Usage Data collected by ShareThis whatever device or browser used, you must opt-out from our services for each device and each internet web browser. Click below to “Limit Ad-Tracking” function on mobile devices: Instructions by Google for most Androids: Google Play Help Instructions by Apple for iOS version 6 and above: Apple Support Center Furthermore: This process does not mean you will stop seeing advertisements, but that the advertisements you do see will not be influenced by the Usage Data collected and Profile Information used by ShareThis. If you have any questions about your opt-out rights, you can write to us at privacy@sharethis.com . Browser environment: (desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers) When you change your consents or opt out, an opt-out cookie will be set on your browser. We must maintain the opt-out cookie on your browser in order to recognize you as having opted out from our service. The ShareThis opt-out cookie is like any other cookie; therefore, if you clear that cookie from your browser, use a different internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet you must go through the process again. You can also opt out by visiting the following links. The Ghostery browser extension is also a good tool to see a list of all third-party cookies on each website you visit and allows you to selectively opt out. Note: The opt-out tools above are currently cookie-based i.e., they set a cookie on your browser which tells us that you have opted out. This means that the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third party cookies. If your browser is set to automatically reject cookies or if you remove all cookies from your browser, the opt-out mechanism will not work since we would not see an opt-out cookie on your browser. Also keep in mind that cookies are browser based, therefore if you change browsers, operating systems, or computers you would need to opt out again. Mobile environment: While the opt-out methods described above often work for mobile web browsing, they are cookie-based and are therefore less reliable in mobile “app” environments that may not accept interest-based advertising cookies. Instead, you can typically opt out at the mobile platform level by the “limit ad tracking” function within the settings, as described below. Though we do not collect data from mobile apps for interest-based advertising, we or third parties we work with may use such data collected by others in delivering interest-based ads. Most Android Users: To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here: Google Play Help . Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis. iOS users: (version 6 and above) To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here: Apple Support Center .Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis. Do Not Track: You may also stop the collection of your Usage Data by using the do-not-track function or similar privacy controls of your browser. ShareThis recognizes these do-not-track signals from your browser. As required by law, or where we are able to ascertain that such signals are enacted by you and not set by default by your browser, we will consider them to be an indication that you have opted out. Onward Transfer/Privacy Shield: ShareThis complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield is administered by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries as well as Switzerland and the United Kingdom. ShareThis has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov . In the context of an onward transfer, ShareThis is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. ShareThis shall remain liable under the Privacy Shield principles if its agent processes such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield principles, unless the ShareThis proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, ShareThis commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collecting or use of your personal information. European Union, UK, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy notice should first contact ShareThis directly at privacy@sharethis.com . We will respond to your complaint within 30 days of receipt. We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint. For residual disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme, please see: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction . The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over our compliance with the Privacy Shield. If you believe we have not respected your rights or otherwise not handled data correctly, then we encourage you to contact us directly and we will do everything possible to help. However, where you still have a complaint, then you have the right to raise the matter with the Supervisory Authority (or data protection agency) in your country for resolution. Contact Information ShareThis, Inc.3000 El Camino RealBuilding 4, Suite 200Palo Alto, CA 94306, USAprivacy@sharethis.com We have appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required. Our DPO can be contacted as follows: Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO): dpo@sharethis.com ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, LondonWC1N 2EB, UK VeraSafe has been appointed as ShareThis’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. If you are in the European Economic Area, VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to representative@sharethis.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative, via email at info@VeraSafe.com, or via telephone at: 1-617-398-7067. Opt-out confirmed Now, we can’t sell your data.Close Website ToolsShareThis DataCompanyPrivacy Stay in touch © 2023 ShareThis. All Rights Reserved. EN 117k Shares Share Tweet Share Email Share SharePrivacy Information Learn how Salesforce is responding to the new SCCs in Salesforce's FAQ about transfers of personal data Learn more Learn about our commitment to privacy Resources in respect of how we protect our customer's data as a processor Resources in respect of how we protect data as a controller COMPLIANCE CONTACT INFORMATION To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , or email us at privacy@salesforce.com. For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below. Privacy Statement Highlights Important information Responsible Salesforce entity Purposes for which we process Personal Data We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including: to provide our websites and social media branded pages;to display personalised advertisements and content;to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees); to send communications;to handle contact and user support requests;to provide and optimise the performance of our services; to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance); to maintain the security of Salesforce and its services;to administer surveys and conduct research; andto comply with our legal obligations. For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing. Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data. Who do we share Personal Data with? We may share Personal Data with various parties, including: Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;If you are using our services as an authorised user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies; Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; andProfessional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information. International transfer of Personal Data Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.Your rights relating to your Personal Data You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we process your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;Object to any processing of your Personal Data;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above. For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement. Contacting us To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com , call us at 1-844-287-7147 or write to us at: Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer) 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website . Privacy Privacy Statement Salesforce Privacy Statement, effective as of July 24, 2023 1. Responsible Salesforce entity Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”) are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement, unless specified otherwise, and act as the controller of such Personal Data. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here . This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various products and services through which our customers (or their affiliates): (i) create their own websites and applications running on our platforms; (ii) sell or offer their own products and services; (iii) send electronic communications to others; or (iv) otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our products and services. For detailed privacy information related to a Salesforce customer or a customer affiliate who uses Salesforce products and services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. For more information, please also see Section 10.3 below. 2.Processing activities covered This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you: Visit our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement;Visit our branded social media pages;Visit our offices;Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes;Use our products and services where we act as a controller of your Personal Data;Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs, trainings, certifications or contests;Act as or work for a service provider or supplier to Salesforce, to the extent Salesforce acts as a controller with respect to your Personal Data; Are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us in our capacity as a controller (for example, during the contracting process); Participate in a Salesforce community such as that focused on open source development; orParticipate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us. We also host several online marketplaces such as AppExchange, which is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications that run on the Salesforce platform and that may be provided by us or by third parties (see https://appexchange.salesforce.com/ ), Tableau’s Extension Gallery ( https://extensiongallery.tableau.com ) which offers connectors and solutions that provide additional functionality for Tableau, such as dashboard extensions, and the Slack App Directory ( https://tinyspeck.slack.com/apps ), which offers number applications that integrate with Slack. When applications, connectors, extensions or other solutions are provided by us and they link to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy statement of the third party applies and this Privacy Statement does not. Our websites and services may contain links to other websites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties. The information practices of these third parties, including the social media platforms that host our branded social media pages, are governed by their privacy statements, which you should review to better understand their privacy practices In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy policies, available on their websites. 3. What Personal Data do we collect? 3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you The Personal Data we collect directly from you may include identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information, among others.We may collect such information in the following situations: Situations Categories of Personal Data If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information If you attend an event Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests If you interact with our websites or emails Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies If you use and interact with our products and services Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below) If you communicate with us via a phone call If you communicate with us via a phone call If you visit our offices Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider) Contact information, payment and billing information If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. Provision of the services: The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyse our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources: Another individual at your organisation who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements. Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises. 4. What Device and Usage Data do we process? We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you. 4.1 Device and Usage Data As is true of most websites, we gather certain device information when individual users visit our websites. This information may include (i) identifiers, such as user ID, organisation ID, username, email address and user type; (ii) commercial information; and (iii) internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers, location,browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, user interactions such as the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we gather certain information automatically as part of your use of our products and services (“Usage Data”).. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in detail in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we may use aggregated Usage Data for other internal business purposes, such as to identify additional customer opportunities and to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users. Please note that this Usage Data is primarily used to identify the uniqueness of each user logging on (as opposed to specific individuals), apart from where it is strictly required to identify an individual for security purposes or as required as part of our provision of the services to our customers. For more information regarding Tableau specifically, please see here and here . When data is used for controller purposes, Slack may refer to the aforementioned categories of personal data as Other Information within Slack’s websites.4.2 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to gather information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails. When you visit our websites, we, or an authorised third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customise your browsing experience. We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services. We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in a marketing email that notifies us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails. – please see more details in the “Advertising Cookies” row in the table below. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 10.4 below. The following describes how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies and your options for managing the data collection settings of these technologies: Required cookies Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies. If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests. Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. Functional cookies Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyse site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual. Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often. We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyse usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements. Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it. We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click here . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here Advertising cookies Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them. We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites. Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognise you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request. We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies.To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties. For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the Tableau Cookie Policy and the Slack Cookie Policy . 4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors As described above, we or one of our authorised partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here , and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here . To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click here . To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here . Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage. 4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click here (or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click here ). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click here . Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites. While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. 4.5 Social Media Features Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile. Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form. Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them. 4.6 Telephony log information If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers). 5.Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely We collect and process your Personal Data (including, where legally permissible, special categories of Personal Data) for the following purposes and relying on the following legal bases: Purpose Description Legal basis Providing our websites (including our social media pages) We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information Improving our websites We process your Personal Data to analyse overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors Promoting the security of our websites We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others Displaying personalised advertisements and content We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalised information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalised content based upon your activities and interests Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalised advertising purposes Registering visitors We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorised access Managing event registrations and attendance We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises Sending communications We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes) Recording phone calls We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users Handling contact and user support requests We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you Providing our services We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services Developing and optimising the performance of the services We process your Personal Data to develop, optimise and improve the performance of the services Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject Providing personalised interactions We process your Personal Data to customise our interactions with you Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers Managing our customer and user accounts We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts Managing usage and licensing compliance We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers Preparing internal reports and business modeling We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy) Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations Maintaining our security We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others Managing compensation for employees We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees Undertaking financial reporting We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances Aggregating data We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying Our legitimate interest in minimising the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program. In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion Managing payments If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you Necessary for the performance of a contract Administering surveys and conducting research We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyse our compliance with internal policies Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope) Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures Collecting diversity information We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) Complying with legal obligations We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.6. Who do we share Personal Data with? We may share your Personal Data as follows: Service providers: With our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, events planning, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5. Contracted service providers may also deliver artificial intelligence and generative artificial intelligence capabilities to analyse data, determine trends, make predictions and create AI-generated responses or other content for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5; Salesforce affiliates: With affiliates within the Salesforce corporate group and companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Salesforce corporate group, to the extent such sharing of data is necessary to fulfill a request you have submitted via our websites or for customer support, marketing, technical operations, event registration and account management purposes. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here ; Event sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organised by us, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with Section 10 below; Partners: With specific partners that offer supplementary services to those provided by Salesforce, such as partners that offer sustainability resources, or that resell Salesforce services, to the extent you consent to such sharing (where required by applicable law);Customers with whom you are affiliated and the applicable partner responsible for access to your services: If you use our services as an authorised user, we may share your Personal Data with your affiliated customer and/or the applicable partner responsible for your access to the services to the extent this is necessary for verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, or enforcing our terms and policies; Contest and promotion sponsors: With sponsors of contests or promotions for which you register in order to fulfill the contest or promotion;Third party networks and websites: With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites, so that Salesforce can market and advertise on third party platforms and websites;Salesforce-affiliated App Exchange partners: Specifically in relation to the AppExchange website, if you choose to interact with or use third-party tools, we may share your Personal Data with our third party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services in accordance with law or our contractual commitments; Professional advisers: In individual instances, we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data;Third parties involved in a corporate transaction: If we are involved in a merger, reorganisation, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of Personal Data to an unaffiliated third party; Third party accounts: In relation to Tableau, if you connect to your third party accounts through our products, we will use that information to authenticate you, enumerate the data sources available to you, download any data you request us to, and download and refresh authentication tokens or persist authentication information such as user names and passwords as necessary to continue to connect to these data;Public authorities: With public and government authorities, to the extent we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations.We may also share aggregated Usage Data with Salesforce’s service providers for the purpose of helping Salesforce in such analysis and improvements. Additionally, Salesforce may share Usage Data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. Anyone using our communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may read any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit and post. For more information on the recipients of your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 7. International transfer of Personal Data Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third-parties disclosed in Section 6, above, that are based in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent. 8. Children 9. How long do we keep your Personal Data? We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see Section 5 above) or as long as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of the Personal Data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data. For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in the Section 13 below. 10. Your rights relating to your Personal Data 10.1 Your rights You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we process your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;Object to any processing of your Personal Data;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making");Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal; andNot be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection. Please note that Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services. 10.2 How to exercise your rights To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Your Personal Data may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive. If you are an employee of a Salesforce customer, we recommend you contact your employer’s system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information. Some registered users may update their user settings, profiles, organisation settings and event registrations by logging into their accounts and editing their settings or profiles. To update your billing information, discontinue your account or request return or deletion of your Personal Data and other information associated with your account, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 10.3 Your rights relating to customer data As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to our products and services. To this end, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Statement or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Data (see Section 1 above). We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Salesforce customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. Because we may only access a customer’s data upon their instructions, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide us the name of the Salesforce customer who submitted your data to us. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 10.4 Your preferences for email and SMS marketing communications If we process your Personal Data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Salesforce by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of Salesforce marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘STOP’ if you receive Salesforce SMS communications, or by unsubscribing here . Please note that, notwithstanding the above, you will continue to receive marketing and non-transactional communications from CMO Club unless you manage your receipt of such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of CMO Club’s marketing emails. You may also turn off push notifications on Salesforce apps on your device, or unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting us” section, below. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information. 10.5 Your preferences for telemarketing communications If you want your phone number to be added to our internal Do-Not-Call telemarketing register, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Please include your first name, last name, company and the phone number you wish to add to our Do-Not-Call register. Alternatively, you can always let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes. 11. How we secure your Personal Data We take appropriate precautions including organisational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use. While we follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions.If you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 12. Changes to this Privacy Statement We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. If we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top. If we make a material update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or by contacting you directly, or where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Data. 13. Contacting us Salesforce has appointed a Data Protection Officer and, in India, a Grievance Officer. To exercise your rights regarding your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please fill out this form , email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com , call us at +1-855-938-3410, or write to us at: Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) 415 Mission St, 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website . 14. Adherence to APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and APEC Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System 15. Additional Disclosures for California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) requires businesses to disclose whether they sell or share Personal Data. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal Data (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Data from our sites or services if those third parties are authorised service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Salesforce sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties. California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in Sections 5 and 6 of this Privacy Statement. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes: Identifiers;Commercial information;Internet activity information;Financial information; Professional and employment-related information; Education information;Geolocation data;Audio and visual data;In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected characteristics under California or United States law; andInferences drawn from any of the above information categories. California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to know and access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, to request correction of Personal Data, to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for third party advertising purposes, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and have registered for an account with us, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s).Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement. If you are an authorised agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorisation designating you as their agent. If you would like to opt-out of shares using your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls. If you would like to opt-out of shares using other identifiers (like email address), please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request. California Privacy Rights Reporting Requests for access to Personal Data Requests to delete Personal Data Objections to processing Personal Data 23 Requests to correct Personal Data *Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response. **Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested. Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2022. New to Salesforce? Popular Links About Salesforce WORLDWIDE Americas Europe, Middle East, and Africa Asia Pacific © Copyright 2023 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. salesforce UK Limited, village 9, floor 26 Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, UK, EC2N 4AY. Phone: 00800 7253 3333 | +353 14403500. Fax: +353 14403501 Contact Us LET'S CHAT LET'S CHAT Cookie Consent Manager General InformationRequired CookiesFunctional CookiesAdvertising Cookies General Information We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings. Privacy Statement Required Cookies Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelOne Platform One Platform The Zeta Marketing Platform is a cloud-based system with the tools to help you acquire, grow, and retain customers more efficiently, powered by intelligence (proprietary data and AI). Zeta Marketing Platform ZMP Data Management CDP Messaging ESP Activation DSP How We Help How We Help Create individualized experiences and drive outcomes throughout the customer lifecycle. Customer Acquisition Unlock paid and owned channels to reach and acquire new customers at scale. Customer Growth Grow the value of your customers over time with unique individualized experiences and next best actions fueled by predictive AI. Customer Retention Retain customers longer by anticipating churn and using Zeta’s intelligence to shift attitudes and change behavior on the fly. Omnichannel Marketing Positive but disconnected brand interactions aren’t cutting it—consumers want an integrated, seamless experience across devices and channels. Data & Identity Successful customer engagement starts with actionable consumer data—accurate, continuously updated, and easily accessible. Agile Intelligence Data and AI come together to deliver true customer intelligence and solve complex business problems with unprecedented speed and scale. Who We Help Who We Help We partner with thousands of brands, agencies, and publishers around the world with one mission in mind: accelerate brand growth. Brands Agencies Publishers Why Zeta Zeta is more than just a platform. We pride ourselves on being a true partner to brands, offering groundbreaking technology and proven solutions. Learn what separates us from the pack. The Zeta Advantage Zeta Data Intelligence About About Zeta Global is the AI-powered marketing cloud that leverages proprietary AI and trillions of consumer signals to make it easier to acquire, grow, and retain customers more efficiently. Our Story Partners Leadership Locations Contact Us Life at Zeta Our Virtues Job Openings Investors Privacy Policy Zeta WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY (data collection and use at this website)GENERAL SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY (collection and use of fully identifiable personal data across Zeta’s range of services)ONLINE and DIGITAL SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY (collection and use of data tied to cookies or other online identifiers) Last Updated December 30, 2022 WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Scope This Zeta Website Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies solely to information collected by Zeta Global (“Zeta”) on this Zeta website (the “site”). This Privacy Policy provides information about how and why Zeta collects and uses the information we obtain through this Site. For information on Zeta’s range of services, how we use data across our different services, and your options, please refer to the Zeta General Services Privacy Policy located below. For information on Zeta’s online and cross context behavioral advertising activities and how to opt out of having data processed for online behavioral advertising purposes, see the Zeta Online and Digital Services Privacy Policy located below. Links to Third Party Sites This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collection and use practices of third-party sites including, but not limited to, client and affiliate websites, applications and websites on which we may place advertisements, and any third-party websites you may link to from our sites. Zeta does not endorse or make any representations about these third-party sites or applications, or any information, software, products or materials found there. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party sites to understand their data collection and use practices. Information Collection, Use and Sharing Information Collection We collect two types of information from and about visitors to this website: information that you provide or submit, and tracking data which is collected automatically when you navigate the website. Both types of data are considered “personal information” or “personal data” (these terms mean the same thing and can be used interchangeably) by applicable privacy laws. “Personal information” means information or data that can be linked back to you or to your devices that you use to access the Internet. Tracking data may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the site you visited before coming to this site, the URL of the site you visit after leaving our site, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We, and/or our authorized third parties, may automatically collect this information when you visit our site through the use of electronic tools like cookies or pixel tags, as described below.We use tracking data to administer the Site, analyze trends, gather demographic information, troubleshoot, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized third parties to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising and content. Information Use Zeta uses the information we collect at this site to fulfill your requests, respond to your inquiries, provide Zeta news or updates, and to understand the audience for our site. We may also use your information to make our sites easier for you to use and to inform you of service and product updates, whitepapers, new products, market research opportunities and other related information from Zeta, or to send you promotional messages regarding various Zeta products and services. Zeta uses tracking data to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ activities on the site, help us understand the parts of our sites visited most often and gather aggregated demographic information for use in improving the site. Zeta may also obtain personal information from you if you apply for a job with us. This data would include your name, email address, mailing address, employment history and any other information contained in your resume/C.V. that you submit. We may use this information to review your application for employment. To view our EEA specific Employee Recruitment Policy please click here . Information Sharing and Disclosure Zeta may share your information with our affiliate companies and service providers for the purposes described in this policy. We may disclose your information as required by law, court order or other valid legal processes or in connection with the consolidation, sale of or other transaction related to our business. We also reserve the right to disclose your information if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or safety of any person, investigate fraud, or respond to a valid government request. Choices Opt-Out of Zeta Corporate Communications You may opt-out from receiving Zeta Corporate Communications by clicking on the unsubscribe mechanism included in each email message we send. Even if you choose to opt-out of our communications, Zeta will retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and to maintain a record of your opt-out. You may also still receive transactional emails, such as registration confirmation, product updates and responses to direct requests you have made. Cookies Cookies are small text files that store data using your web browser to enable websites and marketing companies to recognize you and to associate your browsing activity with other data. We, and our third-party service providers who assist with managing our site, use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies on our site to track use of our Site in order to improve its performance, ensure we are providing content that is of interest to our site visitors, and to make our Site more user-friendly. We may also use cookies for cross context behavioral advertising. Types of Cookies used on our Site Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how visitors use our site for web analytics purposes, for instance which pages visitors go to most often and error messages received. These cookies are only used to improve how our site work and your experience on our site; they do not track your browsing activity on other websites. By using our site, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow our site to remember choices you make (such as your username and password, language preference or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These cookies may also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other personalization. They may also be used to provide services you have requested, such as keeping you logged in to your account as you browse the internet. These cookies do not track your browsing activity on other websites. By using our site or by signing up for an account with us, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Managing Cookies in Your Browser You may be able to adjust your browser settings to manage your cookie preferences, such as setting your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and give you the choice to decide whether or not to accept it. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but the functionality of some areas may be limited. Below are links to information about managing your cookie preferences in common browsers: Content Sharing Features Our site may include social media sharing features, such as LinkedIn and Twitter buttons, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site.Social media features are governed by that social media company’s privacy policy. DATA RETENTION. We retain the information we collect for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we obtained the information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements. SECURITY. Zeta uses commercially reasonable safeguards to protect personal information against loss, misuse or alteration and to maintain the integrity and security of all information collected through the site. These include technical, physical, and administrative security controls. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL DATA. You may have the following rights under applicable privacy / data protection laws in relation to your personal information, including: Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of personal information we hold about you. Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected. In some cases, we may not have the technical ability to correct data, in which case we will delete the data instead. Request deletion of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete personal information. There may be some cases where, as allowed by applicable laws, we may refuse to delete data. We may also anonymize data so that it cannot be related back to you instead of deleting it. Even if we have deleted other data relating to you we will maintain a record that you have opted out so we do not contact you in the future. Object to processing (opt out) You may request that we do not use your personal information for direct marketing purposes. Request restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it. In general, such requests will be treated as deletion requests. Request the transfer of your personal information to another party. If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please click here or visit the Privacy Choices page. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS. This site is based and hosted in the United States. This means that when you submit personal information to the site or we collect tracking data at the site, it will be processed in the United States and may also be accessed by technical support teams in India, Sri Lanka, and the Philippines. Your data may also be shared within the Zeta Group or with our service providers. Whenever we transfer personal information out of the European Economic Area (“EEA”),we transfer data subject to specific contracts approved by the European Commission, which ensures that personal data receive the same protection it has under European privacy laws. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries . Do Not Track Many browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to websites about the user’s browser DNT preference setting. Zeta does not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals , in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been deployed across the most popular browsers. Zeta will continue to monitor developments in this area and will adjust our sites to respond to DNT signals if or when they come into widespread use. Children’s Privacy This site and the services we provide are intended for general audiences, and is not intended for use by persons under the age of 16. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete it. If you believe that we have collected personal information from a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@zetaglobal.com . Updates to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. Note the date of the most recent update at the top of this page. Contact Us To ask questions about Zeta’s Privacy Policy or to request more information on Zeta’s privacy practices, email us at privacy@zetaglobal.com Or send correspondence via mail to: Zeta Global, Attn: Privacy3 Park Avenue, 33 rd FloorNew York, NY 10016 2.GENERAL SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated: December 30, 2022 INTRODUCTION Zeta is a B2B marketing and advertising company that uses software and information / data about consumers to help advertisers reach selected audiences via online or in-app ads, email, direct mail, or telemarketing. Zeta also has affiliated companies that are separately branded and that have their own privacy policies. Zeta collects and uses data about individual consumers in order to identify or predict the types of advertisements most likely to appeal to them. We use a lot of data, because more data points about a person’s interests and purchase intent leads to more relevant advertising for consumers, which in turn produces a higher rate of return for advertisers. We do not, however, collect data indiscriminately—we limit the types of data we collect to what is relevant to your interests and purchase intent, and we focus on recent data, which is more relevant to your current interests and intent. Zeta provides a range of services, as described below, and the way each works is different. But in general, the purposes for our collection and use of data is to match people to advertisements that are likely to interest them, or to help advertisers do so. That is our mission. We use data, software, and ingenuity to help advertisers reach people who want their products and services. Our business succeeds when we help advertisers achieve higher-than-average rates of response to ads—that is, people clicking on or forwarding an ad or ultimately making a purchase. Zeta maintains a platform known as the Zeta Marketing Platform (ZMP) that serves three functions: (1) our clients can load their own data there to be activated into different marketing channels (email, online, smart TV, etc.), (2) client-owned data can be matched with Zeta-owned data from a variety of sources (all of which is associated with a consumer consent for marketing), in order to better inform marketing decisions, and (3) marketing campaigns can be launched and run through the ZMP across multiple channels. Except in limited cases Zeta does not sell data to its clients in the sense that the clients do not get to keep Zeta’s data, however, while client and Zeta data are matched in the ZMP both companies are considered to be sharing data in order to facilitate cross context behavioral advertising. This Services Privacy Policy describes each of the different types of services we provide, which are divided into two main categories: Zeta Acting as a Service Provider : where Zeta handles personal data collected by another company (our client) under the terms of its privacy policy solely to perform a service for that company; and Zeta Acting as a Data Collector : where Zeta collects and uses personal data from and about individuals for its own purposes. The terms of this privacy policy apply to these services. When we act as a service provider, we follow the client’s privacy policy because the data we process as a service provider belongs to our client and we handle that data only at the client’s direction and acting exclusively on their behalf. When Zeta collects data directly from consumers or obtains data collected by third parties for our own business purposes, we are responsible for how such data is used and shared, and for giving effect to individuals’ privacy legal rights.For all of our services the overall purpose of our data collection, use, and sharing is the same—to match advertisements to people who have a propensity to engage with them, and ultimately to increase sales for our advertiser clients. All services may include some amount of “lookalike modeling,” where we use data about known purchasers of a product or respondents to an ad to identify individual attributes that indicate a propensity to buy that product or respond to that ad. This allows us to create a profile of the attributes of a person most likely to respond to an ad, which is used to inform who a future ad will go to. Many of our services include a component of “cross context behavioral advertising,” which means that Zeta has matched consumer data belonging to our clients with data from other sources in order to better tailor advertising to individual consumers. We do not provide services that include ads with illegal or adult content, nor do we advertise on adult sites or collect data about what adult sites people visit. In fact, your browsing history is only collected at certain websites, so it is never a complete history of all your online activity. We do not knowingly collect or sell personal information from children under 16. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete it. We do not knowingly facilitate any advertising that is exploitative, discriminatory, hateful, deceptive, or abusive, and our process for doing this is audited annually.The types of data we use are also the same across all our services: (1) Data you have provided directly either to Zeta, our client (an advertiser), or another company you authorized to share data for marketing purposes. This data generally consists of an email address, but may also include other information, such as your name, street address, and/or the answers to survey questions. (2) Data collected indirectly from you using cookies or other online or mobile technologies that allow us to identify certain sites that you visit or apps that you use online. Included is information about when and where you gave your permission to receive commercial email, your IP address, and visits you made to certain websites or apps. We log these visits to help infer your interests in order to determine what sort of products or services might appeal to you. This data typically does not include direct identifiers (like name and address), but it can still be linked back to you via unique identifiers like a cookie ID, mobile ad ID, or an encrypted version of your email address. We only log your visits to certain websites—we do not track every page you view across the Internet. (3) Data we have obtained from third-party data brokers or data partners. This may include data obtained from public records (like your street address, age, and gender), data about physical locations you have visited in the past (we do not collect real-time precise geolocation data), as well as data relating to purchases, interests, or likely interests that can be derived from a wide variety of sources. Sensitive Data. Certain privacy laws define certain categories of data as “Sensitive Data.” Depending on the specific law, this general category can include different specific data points, such as US social security numbers, genetic data, race/ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, data about health conditions, or other data that can either be used to commit financial crimes or to expose sensitive details about an individual. The only type of sensitive data that Zeta collects and uses is race / ethnicity data, which is used to build multicultural audiences for advertisers. Some privacy laws require prior consent to collect Sensitive Data (e.g., the European Union, or the U.S. states of Virginia and Colorado), and Zeta does not collect such data from residents who live in these places. Anyone may opt out of our use of this data at any time by visiting our Privacy Choices page. Our sources of data include : You, when you give data directly to one of our websites, affiliated companies, clients, or data-sharing partnersAdvertisers who may provide us data they have collected from or about you to use in performing marketing and advertising services for them;Data provided by subsidiaries or affiliated companies who engage in direct data collection from consumers.Data we or others collect using cookies or other online trackers. In some cases, this data may be associated with your directly identifying data (e.g.,name & email); Data brokers who supply data obtained from public records, or who resell data obtained from private sources. Data from private sources (like magazine publishers, credit card companies, or retailers) typically has its directly identifying data removed (like your name and email address) and is linked instead via unique identifiers like a proprietary ID, encrypted email address, a cookie ID, or other indirect identifiers, but in some cases, we are able to link this data back to you.Data partners who supply data similar to the kinds we obtain from data brokers. The difference between a data broker and a data partner is that we buy data from data brokers, but we may exchange data with data partners. Recipients of our data include: service providers who perform services for us like web hosting, data security services, or auditingour advertiser clients who we may share data with or sell data tocompanies that we may trade data with for purposes of Online Behavioral Advertising (also called cross context behavioral advertising; see below), andCompanies with which we may share data in order to facilitate OBA, such as companies who perform cookie matching services, real-time bidding exchanges, supply-side and demand-side platforms, and companies who perform analytics and reporting. As required to respond to a legal request for information or to protect the rights, interests, or safety of any person. You will find more details on this in the sections below describing each of our services. SERVICES WHERE ZETA ACTS ONLY AS A SERVICE PROVIDER Where we perform services exclusively as a service provider or data processor, the data that we handle belongs to our advertiser client. In most cases this data will be put in Zeta’s care by the advertiser in order to use our marketing software and tools.Advertisers may also ask us to collect data on their behalf through various means, including direct collection from individuals, at a web page that we host for the advertiser, indirect collection via cookies or other online tracking mechanisms, or via third-party sources like data brokers. When we collect data as a service, all of the data we collect belongs to our client and is governed by the client’s privacy policy. Who are Zeta’s Clients? Our clients are companies you interact with every day. Consumer products brands, retailers, financial institutions, travel, dining, and hospitality providers, education providers, healthcare, political advertisers, and others. Sometimes we work with them directly, sometimes we work with advertising agencies who represent many clients of their own. In either case our mission, and the purpose for which we collect, use, and share personal data, is to help these companies use their marketing resources more efficiently by matching offers to the people who are most likely to be interested in them. Database Services. Zeta performs services for clients that include database setup, structuring, formatting, migration, and maintenance. In some cases, Zeta maintains a “database of record” for a client, meaning that the client has outsourced the maintenance of its primary customer database to Zeta. In such cases, Zeta may collect data directly from individuals, but handles the associated personal data exclusively as a service provider and does not do anything with the data outside the scope of the services that we have been hired to perform. Email Services. Clients may engage Zeta to send email to their existing customers on their behalf. For instance, if you have given a retailer your email address, we might send commercial or transactional messages from that retailer, such as an emailed receipt for a purchase, a reminder that you have items in your shopping cart, or to deliver an updated client privacy policy. We may also send you advertisements from that retailer, for instance offering discounts, new products, or sales. When we perform these services, we are acting on the advertiser’s behalf, and everything we do is at the advertiser’s direction and subject to the terms of its privacy policy. Call Center Services. Clients may engage Zeta to receive calls on their behalf, or to make telemarketing calls on the client’s behalf. When we perform these activities as a service provider, we use client-owned data and perform our services in line with the terms of the client’s privacy policy. Zeta does not maintain its own call centers and so uses service providers to perform these services. CRM Services. We use our software, data and know-how to help our clients better organize and manage their own customer data, in order to determine which ads to send to which customers. Website Personalization. We use pixels, cookies, and other online data collection techniques to help personalize a user’s website experience. For instance, we may use data collected at an advertiser’s website to determine which language is used, what content and ads are displayed, and to remember settings like font size or page display. Audience Management Services. We use cookies and pixels to help store data such as IP addresses, logfile data, ad impression data, mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., Apple mobile advertising ID or Android advertising ID) and other pseudonymous identifiers. In providing the Audience Management Services, Zeta acts as a service provider for our clients and processes data under their specific instructions. Our clients, not Zeta, own the data used for this service. As such, the use of the data contained in the Zeta Audience Console is subject to the respective advertiser’s privacy policy. SERVICES WHERE ZETA COLLECTS AND USES DATA ON ITS OWN BEHALF The Zeta Data Cloud is what we call the data related to consumers that Zeta collects and uses on its own behalf. The Zeta Data Cloud consists of several databases where we store data that we have obtained from the different sources described above. It also includes connections to other third-party sources of data (data brokers and data sharing partners) so that we can get data at or near real time in order to inform specific ad placements. This approach means that we are using the freshest, most up-to-date data we can obtain, and it also reduces the amount of data we need to gather into one place in order to provide our services. Our proprietary software, machine learning, and artificial intelligence tie all these sources of data together which enables us to make very complex decisions about which person is most likely to respond to a specific ad at any given time and deliver that ad to that person Fully identifiable personal data (such as email address, name, or postal address) in the Zeta Data Cloud is collected first when an individual consents to have their data used for marketing purposes.The permission is generally provided at a web page where an individual provides an email address and checks a box authorizing the data to be used for marketing purposes, transferred to third parties, and augmented with other data obtained from other sources. Once we have obtained this consent, we supplement the data initially provided by the individual with additional online and offline data. Our goal is to obtain the richest and most up-to-date picture we can of individual consumers so that we can make the best possible decisions about which ad to show to which person. At the same time, the data we collect and use is limited to data that is relevant to consumer advertising, and most of the data we collect has a limited lifespan of a few months before it is deleted as “stale.” We may also use data from the Zeta Data Cloud on a temporary, limited basis to evaluate potential data sharing partners. When we do one of these evaluations, it is subject to appropriate contractual terms that include that the company we are evaluating may not do anything else with the data and must delete any data that we share with them at the end of the evaluation period. All of the services described below may be accessed by our advertiser clients via our proprietary platform known as the Zeta Marketing Platform (ZMP). Personal data in the Zeta Data Cloud is used for the following services: Acquisition Email. For this service, we send client advertising by email to people who have consented to receive commercial email. These emails all comply with applicable laws pertaining to the sending of commercial email and include opt-out links so that recipients can request not to receive future emails. This service does not include selling data to our clients. Our clients obtain data when someone to whom we have sent an ad responds to the offer or makes a purchase. Then we will provide the client data showing that we advertised to that person, to show that we played a part in bringing a new customer or a new sale to the advertiser. Acquisition Email services for a particular client usually begin with an analysis of that client’s existing data in order to create a profile of the type of individual who is most likely to respond to a particular offer. We then look to the Zeta Data Cloud to find people who share those attributes but who are not already existing customers of our client and send offers or advertisements to those people. Data Cloud CRM Services . This service consists of loading a Zeta client’s customer data onto a secure Zeta-controlled server, and then using our software to compare the client’s data with data in the Zeta Data Cloud. In most cases, we have more data points about an advertiser’s customers than the advertiser has. We can use that data to generate insights that the advertiser could not produce on their own, like which existing customers would be most likely to respond to a particular ad campaign. We may sell any of the types of data we collect to an advertiser as part of this service. This service is an example of cross context behavioral advertising. Online/Cross Context Behavioral Advertising . The data we use for Online/Cross Context Behavioral Advertising (OBA) is tied to a cookie ID, a mobile advertising ID, or other data related to a specific device, like a computer, smartphone or smart TV. Zeta may, by means of matching cookie IDs and other unique identifiers, be able to link OBA data to other, fully identifiable data. When you visit different sites on the internet, different companies place cookies on your device, and use these to obtain information about the sites you visit, the ads you respond to, and the online purchases you make. Through a process known as “cookie matching” different companies (data sharing partners) can either sell or exchange different bits of this data. By stitching together bits of data from lots of different sources, we are able to create a rich and up-to-date data set that enables us to make predictions about what ad is likely to appeal to a specific person, or which person is most likely to respond to a specific ad. Zeta performs cookie-matching between the data used for OBA and the Zeta Data Cloud to enable users of our Data Cloud to leverage the interest and purchase intent data generated on the OBA side of our business. This cookie-matching means that data used for OBA is in some cases linked to fully identifiable data. One service, known as “Intelligent Retargeting” uses cookie matching in order to link an anonymous website visitor to an email address or postal address, so that the individual will receive email or direct mail relating to the company whose website they visited. We offer some more focused services within the broad sphere of OBA, including operating a “demand side platform,” (“DSP”) which is a means of matching specific users to specific ads, personalizing content on a website to a users’ interests, and placing online ads across a range of websites.Please see the Zeta Online and Digital Service Privacy Policy, below, for more detailed information on these services. Other focused services related to OBA are also described in that section. Optimization and Analytics Services. These services help our clients manage their digital advertising programs. For example, we may help these businesses customize your experience when you visit their website, generate leads and manage their keyword search advertising programs. Where we can reasonably infer that a particular computer or mobile device belong to the same user or household, we may extend our Optimization and Analytics Services across those devices. We undertake these activities on behalf of our customers and subject to their respective privacy policies. Opting-out of Online Behavioral Advertising and Data Collection by Our Cookies To learn more about Online Behavioral Advertising (also called interest-based advertising), analytics services and your choices, including how to opt-out of some interest based advertising, visit https://www.youronlinechoices.com , https://youronlinechoices.eu/ , the DAA Consumer Opt-Out Page, NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page and Google’s information page. You can also refuse or disable cookies already stored on your browser as follows: For Edge, click here For Internet Explorer, click here For Mozilla Firefox, click here For Google Chrome, click here For Safari, click here Below are links to information about managing your cookie preferences in common browsers: YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS Privacy laws around the world give individuals different versions of the rights described below. Zeta allows any person to exercise the following rights no matter where they live. Zeta will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. Prior to fulfilling a request for a copy of data, Zeta is required to reasonably verify your identity, which we generally do by sending a verification link to the email address associated with your data. Under applicable laws, you can use an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, but that agent must still verify your identity to demonstrate that they have been authorized to make the request. For data in our Data Cloud, verification will require access to the email address that is submitted with your request. For data linked to cookies, access can only be provided to the browser where that cookie is set. To exercise your rights with respect to data in the Zeta Data Cloud by either you or your authorized agent click here . California residents may also call 1.866.709.0840 . To view, access or delete data associated with cookies that Zeta uses for Online Behavioral Advertising, click here . If you have any problems using these mechanisms you can contact privacy@zetaglobal.com for more help. Data Access / Portability – you can request a copy of the data that we hold about you in a human-readable form. Note that some of the data that we process is not maintained in a human-readable form, and that privacy laws generally do not require companies to make data human-readable for the purpose of responding to an access request. If you make an access request, we will normally respond within 30 days if you live in Europe or Canada, or 45 days if you live elsewhere, however, if we are experiencing a high volume of requests, we may take up to 90 days to respond. You can access (or delete) data used for Online Behavioral Advertising in real time here . Correction -you can ask us to correct data that we hold about you if it is inaccurate. In many cases we may not have the technical ability to change the data in our database, and so will delete the incorrect data instead. Data Deletion -you can ask us to delete data that relates to you. As allowed by applicable laws, there may be some cases where we will decline requests for deletion, but these are rare cases. We may also delete the identifiable data contained in a profile and retain other data that cannot be lined back to you or used to identify you. In the very unlikely case that we refuse your request, you can appeal that decision by contacting privacy@zetaglobal.com for a review of your case. Objection / Restricting Processing – in some countries you have a legal right to object to processing of data about you, or to ask that such processing be restricted. To keep things simple, if you wish to exercise these rights, please request to have your data deleted. Opt-Out of our use of Sensitive Data —you can ask Zeta not to use Sensitive Data that relates to you. In order to keep things simple, we will treat these requests as Data Deletion requests (see above). Opt-Out of Receiving Email from Zeta -you can ask to be added to our global email suppression list so that we won’t send any more commercial emails to the email address you opt out Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Data -you can request that we do not make your data available to our clients for their own use.If you select this option, we may still use your data for internal analysis, or to send advertisements to you. You also have the right in many countries to contact a privacy or data protection authority if you believe we are not complying with privacy laws, and we have not been able to resolve the situation to your satisfaction. Many countries have a dedicated privacy / data protection authority; in the United States you can make a complaint to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or your state Attorney General. Statistics on Exercise of Privacy Rights during 2022 We are required by law to publish statistics on how many people exercised their privacy rights in the previous year. Because our mechanism for honoring privacy rights with respect to cookie-linked data operates in real time as an automated conversation between your browser and our server, we are not able to provide statistics on the number of people who use it. The following statistics are for people who made requests relating to their fully identifiable data contained in the Zeta Data Cloud during the year ending December 15, 2022. These statistics cover all requests received from individuals around the world. Number of requests for access to (copy of) data: 632Number of these requests that were not actioned because the requestor did not complete the verification process: 13Number of requests for data deletion: 968Number of these requests that were not actioned because the requestor did not complete the verification process: 33Number of requests for opt-out (Do Not Sell): 1234Number of these requests that were not actioned because the requestor did not complete the verification process: 27 WHERE WE PROCESS DATA Zeta is headquartered in the United States, and the majority of our services are performed in the United States with technical support provided by Zeta staff in India, Sri Lanka, the Czech Republic, and/or the Philippines. When you provide data to Zeta, you consent to its processing in the U.S., India, or any of our other locations around the world. Zeta has executed internal data transfer agreements that include the EU’s Standard Contractual Clauses as our basis for enabling EU data to be accessed lawfully in non-EU countries and to transfer between different Zeta entities in different countries. Our online services may potentially collect data relating to residents of any country, but the majority of the data in the Zeta Data Cloud relates to residents of the United States. We may also handle as a service provider client-owned data that originates from any country. HOW LONG WE KEEP DATA We keep data only for the period of time needed in order to achieve our stated purposes—i.e. to match people with ads that interest them. Different data is therefore needed for different lengths of time. If you have given us data and permission to market through one of our websites or a partner website, we will continue to use your data for marketing purposes until you revoke your consent / opt out. Certain data, like your contact information, we will keep as long as it is current. Data linked to a device like a smartphone will be maintained for as long as we detect that device on websites or using mobile apps on a regular basis. But data relating to your interests and purchase intent needs to be current to be useful to us, so we are constantly refreshing such data and rely only on the past several months’ data to inform our marketing choices. Data that is years old is generally not useful to us because it is a poor indicator of what you are currently interested in or shopping for. DATA SECURITY and PRIVACY BY DESIGN Zeta uses commercially reasonable, industry standard practices to protect data. These include technical, physical, and organizational controls designed to prevent loss or unauthorized access to data. Our security measures are audited every year by an independent third party, and we are constantly evolving our approach to security to keep pace with emerging threats. Zeta also follows the practice of “Privacy by Design,” meaning that we consider the privacy and implications of our products and services and ensure that they are built to standards that align to privacy requirements around the world. The Zeta Privacy office is headed by a Chief Privacy Officer (who also acts as Zeta’s Data Protection Officer for GDPR purposes) and includes legal and non-legal resources with significant experience in the field. These professionals provide advice and guidance to Zeta’s product designers, engineers, and other businesspeople on a regular basis. HOW TO CONTACT ZETA GLOBAL AND ITS PRIVACY OFFICER You can reach Zeta, including our Privacy Officer, by writing: Privacy, Zeta Global, 3 Park Ave., New York, NY 10016, or emailing privacy@zetaglobal.com . 3.Online and Digital Services Privacy Policy Last Updated December 30, 2022 Zeta offers a suite of digital marketing services designed to help online advertisers generate a higher return on their marketing investment. In the course of providing these services, we collect, use, and disclose data about consumers like you. We have three primary lines of business: 1) Online (also known as cross context) Behavioral Advertising Services performed through Zeta’s data management platform and “demand side platform” (the “Zeta DSP”), 2) Optimization and Analytics Services, and 3) Audience Management Services. The services described in this Online and Digital Services (“ODS”) Privacy Policy include data and technology assets that formerly belonged to companies known as Rocket Fuel, Boomtrain, NetMining, Sizmek, and Ignition One. The terms of this ODS Privacy Policy therefore address data that may have been originally collected by Zeta or any of those earlier companies. This ODS Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding collection, use, and sharing of data through our online and digital services and instructions for opting out of our use of data that relates to you for online behavioral advertising. Understanding Online and Digital Services The infrastructure of online advertising and dynamic websites is technologically complex. We want to be as transparent as we can be by explaining the range of things we do with data. We also don’t want to overwhelm you with technical details, and want for our privacy policy to be understandable. We think we’ve struck the right balance, but if after reading this privacy policy you still have questions, you may contact privacy@zetaglobal.com for more information. Our Consumer Mission At Zeta, we want digital advertising to be a useful complement to your online experience. We want to deliver personalized, well-chosen ads to help you discover things that interest you—new websites, new products, new bargains. Our advertising business also helps fund the free content and services you enjoy across the Internet. We use complex technology to pick the best ads to show, based on everything we know about the context: the ad itself, the page that needs an ad, the time of day and other external factors, and information linked to your browser or mobile device digital advertising identifier that we use to predict what advertising would be most relevant and interesting to you. If we can make ads more useful and interesting for you, that makes advertising more valuable to advertisers, and websites make more money per ad, which supports their investments in the websites, apps, online features and content that they provide to you for free. Our Optimization and Analytics services help websites adapt to your preferences with customized content and functionality. Fueling ad-supported free content and services is an endeavor that we are proud to be a part of, and we hope you’re equally happy with the results. But if you’re not, see the section below titled “Opting Out of Personalized Advertisements.” How We Think of You Before describing the kinds of data we collect, it’s important to understand how we think of you and other online consumers. The Zeta DSP does not know you personally, and we do not need to in order to provide you with relevant advertising. We place an identifier within a cookie on your web browser or use an advertising ID generated by your mobile device. To us, you, and anyone else that uses that browser or mobile device, are just “surfer82” for example. Our cookies are called “rfihub,” “zeta,” “zync,” “disqus,” “boomtrain,” or “netmng,” and you can find them if you search for cookies in your browser settings. So, when we talk about “you” in this ODA policy, we are referring to information that we have associated with one or more identifiers associated with a web browser that you might use, or with an advertising ID associated with your mobile device. There are, however, exceptions to this general rule. We perform “cookie matching” between our different cookies and with third parties. This can mean, in some cases, that browser or device-linked data can be associated with your email address or other directly identifying data. In one service called “Intelligent Retargeting” this is the whole point of the service—we use a cookie to link to an email or postal address to send you advertisements by email or postal mail based on your previous visit to a website. This is an example of OBA or cross context behavioral advertising. Information We Collect We collect several types of information from and about you, as described in this section. Not all of the types of data collection described below necessarily apply to you—it depends on your browser and device settings and which online services or content you access.We operate an online advertising service that helps advertisers customize, target and report on the advertisements we purchase on their behalf across third party websites and mobile applications. While purchasing these ads across third party websites and mobile apps, we collect information about the sites that you and others may visit, the mobile apps that you may use, the precise location of your mobile device such as the GPS coordinates (based on the consent you provided to the app), and the searches that you and others may conduct while online in order to serve advertisements that we believe are relevant to your interests. Where we can reasonably infer that a particular computer and mobile device belong to the same user or household, we may extend our advertising campaigns across those devices, serving advertising across multiple browsers or devices. We also work with third-party data companies that help us tailor ads. Both as we provide this service to clients and when we work with these partners, we share personal data. When you visit one of our advertiser’s websites or mobile applications (“apps”), or the websites or apps where we display advertisements, we collect information about your activity on that site (such as the page viewed or the advertising that you clicked on) or the location of your device, in order to show you relevant advertising (e.g., for local events), control how many times you may see the same advertisement, in addition to providing advertisers aggregate metrics that help them pay publishers for displaying this advertising We collect information about your device, such as unique device identifier, browser type and language, and about your connectivity, such as the IP address, the server your computer is logged into, and the operating system information. We collect information such as the URLs you visit, the date, time, and duration of your visit to each page, and certain commercially relevant keywords pertaining to the searches you conduct (e.g. “shoes”). When we provide Optimization and Analytics Services to our customers, we also collect information about your activities on our customers’ websites. We collect information about our interactions with you, such as which ads we’ve shown, and on which pages, and whether you responded to those ads by interacting with them. To learn about the ads you might like or dislike, we may also ask you questions directly—for example, we may provide a survey via an online ad that asks about which ads, products, or brands you like or dislike. We collect information about our partners’ interactions with you—for example, by placing pixels on an advertiser’s web page that let us know if you ultimately purchased an item after we ran an advertising campaign that showed you an offer for that item. We obtain data from other companies that also use cookie or device identifiers to share similar information that they have collected about you with us. For example, we may partner with other companies to learn the kinds of products you like to buy online. As part of our Optimization and Analytics Services and our Audience Management Services, we may collect names, email addresses and postal addresses as part of an online lead generation campaign or an email marketing campaign on behalf of one of our clients. We don’t make independent use of that data when performing these services, but use it only as directed by our client. But, as described above, our Intelligent Retargeting service may match online data with an email or postal address from the Zeta Data Cloud (see our General Services Policy for more details about the Data Cloud) for purposes of sending you email or direct mail advertisements. We store all the information we collect from or about you in a profile in our database. About Health Data . We do not use data about you from your health care providers or insurers unless you have consented for them to use your data to advertise to you. We may infer certain non-sensitive health related interests from the sites you visit and the ads you interact with. We do not collect data associated with specific medical conditions in states like Virginia and Colorado where collection of this data requires prior consent. About Political Data . We do not have information about how you voted. We infer political interests from the sites your browser or device visits and the ads you interact with, and we can combine this with general geo-location data obtained from your IP address to determine, for instance, that you are a likely voter for a particular party in a specific congressional district, based on publicly available voter registration data. ( Click here for a list of our political segments .) Data Retention and Security Zeta DSP deletes user profiles in our database after 90 days of inactivity.This means that if we have not had an opportunity to show a consumer an ad, observed a visit from a consumer to a website that includes a Zeta DSP pixel, or received new information from one of our partners about a consumer, we will delete the user ID associated with that consumer. We see activity from a broad range of different places on the Internet, and the 90-day period restarts every time we have an interaction with you. So as a practical matter, if you want to opt out of our cookie and device-based data collection, you should follow the steps to opt out described below. Data that we compile for purposes like reporting, attribution and fraud detection will be retained for up to 30 months. We use physical, administrative, and industry standard technical safeguards that are designed to protect the information that we collect and maintain. How We Use Information We use the information that we collect directly or receive from other companies to find patterns that help us select better ads to serve you at any given moment. For example, we might learn that an ad for golf-related items is attractive to people who’ve previously clicked ads related to golf, or we might learn that a coffee ad works better in the morning. Our technology can test millions of possibilities and build models using huge amounts of data to predict responses to advertising. We match information relating to devices and browsers with other companies through a process called “cookie matching.” The “cookie matching” process synchronizes two IDs belonging to different companies in a way that makes it easier to serve advertising online, without the need to share other pieces of information about the ID. In other words, this process enables two or more companies can take coordinated action with respect to your device or browser without needing to share with each other what each respectively knows about you. We perform cookie matching between the different cookies that Zeta uses. By doing this we are able to stitch together all of the information that we have across the different parts of our company to create the fullest possible picture of a consumer. We make inferences from the data we assemble from these different sources in order to show you advertisements for products or services that we think may interest you. We sort your device/browser into interest or purchase intent “segments” such as “Footwear > Sports & Fitness > Indoor Fitness”. We also use the information we collect to measure effectiveness of ads on behalf of our advertisers and publishers. We may also predict whether different identifiers associated with different browsers and different devices, like a laptop, a phone or a tablet, may belong to one person or household, and then link the activity we see across those devices into a common profile. We call this a “device graph.” We believe this helps us serve you better advertisements, control how many times you may see the same ad and provide better service to our advertisers. We make these predictions based on the device and cookie identifiers and associated interest and intent information that we receive from our third-party partners, as described above. As part of our Optimization services, we gather information about how you interact with different areas of a website and use this to customize website content for you in future visits, or even the same visit. Information Sharing We produce reports and analytics for our clients regarding the performance of their online advertising campaigns and regarding the characteristics of people that were responsive to the ads, but we do not share the online profiles of individuals that our technology generates for commercial purposes. On the other hand, we may share any information we hold when we believe that we are required to do so by law (including legal processes like subpoenas, warrants or court orders), or as we believe necessary to protect the health, safety, or legal rights of any person. Finally, we may transfer information to a successor or assignee in connection with a corporate change in control such as a merger or acquisition or other transaction. See What Our Cookies Know About Your Browser Click here to see whether our cookies are on this browser, and information associated with it. Opting Out of Personalized Advertisements Go to https://zetaglobal.com/rights-request/ to opt out of interest-based advertising from Zeta. If you opt out of interest-based advertising from Zeta DSP, then we will opt you out for all the identifiers or devices that we have associated with you at the time of the opt out request. We use a predictive process to associate identifiers and devices and do not know definitively all devices or browsers that you may use, so that process is not guaranteed to be error free. If you want to be completely thorough, we recommend that you use this opt out process for each device and browser you use.Zeta DSP complies with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving personalized advertisements by DAA members via the DAA website here . Zeta DSP is integrated with the DAA’s AppChoices program, which allows consumers to download and manage their privacy preferences in a mobile environment. You may download DAA’s AppChoices mobile app on your iOS or Android device in order to exercise choice regarding the collection of application activity for interest-based advertising. Links to those applications are below: What happens when I opt out? An opt-out in any of the tools listed here will have the same effect, and you do not need to make an opt out selection using more than one method (we list them all to give you options for your convenience). If you opt out of interest-based advertising, you’ll still see ads from us online, but they may not be tailored to your interests. Note that we’ll still maintain some “opt out cookies” on your computer to note the fact that you’ve opted out. Each opt-out cookie is associated with a particular computer and browser. So, for example, if you get a new computer, install a new browser, or clear your cookies, you’ll need to opt-out again if you still do not want interest-based advertising. Our opt-out cookies never expire. If you change your mind, click here to opt back in . Browser-Based “Do Not Track” Mechanisms Zeta DSP does not currently process browser-based “Do Not Track” signals, largely because they are not currently supported by the most popular browsers that are used by the vast majority of users, however, if and when these DNT mechanisms come into widespread use, Zeta will support them to the extent required by applicable laws. Industry Memberships Zeta DSP is a member of, and complies with the following self-regulatory programs: the cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) ,Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) ,The European Digital Advertising Alliance ( EDAA ) Zeta DSP is licensed and certified to deploy the Advertising Option icon ( AdChoices ). Canadian users who wish to learn more about that program, or opt out directly from the DAAC’s web site, may visit this page for more information. Our Policy Regarding Children’s Online Data Zeta does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under 16 years of age. Our services are directed to businesses – advertisers and their agencies – and are not directed to children under 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16 without parental consent, we will delete such information. If you believe that we might have any information from a child younger than 16, please contact us as set forth below. Personal Data Relating to European Union Residents Zeta utilizes the EU’s Standard Contractual Clauses as its basis for transferring EU data to the United States for processing. Under certain circumstances, Zeta may be required to disclose personal information in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Zeta maintains reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We use physical, administrative, and industry standard technical safeguards that are designed to protect the information that we collect and maintain. You have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you. You may also may view, get a copy, or delete the personal information we hold about you for OBA purposes by visiting https://zetaglobal.com/rights-request/ . You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to the Zeta Privacy office by email to: privacy@zetaglobal.com . Zeta will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of your personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint. If you are unsatisfied with the resolution of your complaint, you may contact your local data protection authority here . Contacting Zeta If you have any questions, please contact privacy@zetaglobal.com or send mail to: Changes to this Policy Statement We reserve the right to amend this policy statement from time to time. The effective date of the current version will be posted at the top of this page. Opt Out Page: We may also predict whether different identifiers associated with different browsers and different devices, like a laptop, a phone or a tablet, may belong to one person or household, and then link the activity we see across those devices into a common profile.We call this a “device graph.” We believe this helps us serve you better advertisements, control how many times you may see the same ad and provide better service to our advertisers. We make these predictions based on the device and cookie identifiers and associated interest and intent information that we receive from our third-party partners, as described above. Please visit https://zetaglobal.com/rights-request/ to opt out of personalized ads based on Zeta DSP cookies. Please click here to opt out of personalized ads based on Zeta DSP cookies, or https://optout.aboutads.info/?lang=EN&c=2 to opt out of other personalized advertising via the DAA’s opt-out page . If you opt out, you’ll still see ads from us online, and we’ll still do our best to serve the most relevant ads we can, but we will know less about your interests and purchase behavior. Note that we’ll still maintain multiple opt out cookies on your computer to track that you’ve opted out—multiple because we have several domains from which we serve cookies. These opt-out cookies (like all cookies) are associated with a particular computer and browser. So, for example, if you get a new computer, install a new browser, or clear your cookies, you’ll need to opt-out again. If you have your browser set to reject all cookies, then it cannot accept our opt-out cookie. If you change your mind, click here to opt back in . Stay In The Know Get fresh marketing insights delivered right to your inbox. Thank you for joining our newsletter! Email utm_source utm_medium utm_campaign Marketing Campaign Protected by reCAPTCHA | Privacy - Terms One Platform How We Help Who We Help Why Zeta? About Demo Thanks for your interest in Zeta. To see a demo please complete the form. Thank you! Your request has been sent. We will be in touch with you shortly. First Name Last Name Company Name Job Title Email Mobile Phone State Management Level Interest Message utm_source utm_medium utm_campaign Marketing Campaign Protected by reCAPTCHA | Privacy - Terms We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience possible. By clicking "Continue" or interacting with our site, you permit us and our partners to place cookies on your browser, recognize cookies, and identify you for relevant marketing. For more information see our Privacy Policy .Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:Retail Discover our latest WP about retail media Reading time Company Newsletter Discover what's going on in MICS for this new year Personal data protection charter mediarithmics SAS is a publisher of marketing and analytics software solutions. These solutions are likely to collect and process personal data. In the current context of massification of data and the continuous evolution of technologies, we are aware that the processing of personal data requires players in the software sector to take greater responsibility than ever. We therefore attach paramount importance to respect for privacy and the protection of personal data, materialized by: An unreserved application of the regulations in force on the protection of personal data A duty to raise awareness, advise and control our Customers in the use of our solutionsComplete transparency with users on the processing carried out on their data Regarding the management and processing of personal data, we intervene in two capacities: 1. As a supplier of marketing software solutions 2. As a provider of a terminal identification reconciliation service We describe below our role and our commitments in these two activities. MEDIARITHMICS - PROVIDER OF MARKETING SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS These software solutions are made available to our Customers in the form of cloud services of the SaaS (Software as a Service) type, with each customer benefiting from a dedicated instance and access. mediarithmics is positioned as its Clients' Subcontractor within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). Principles governing the provision of our software solutions Strict isolation of each Customer's data The application of the principles of "Privacy by design" involves strict isolation of the personal data collected by each Customer using mediarithmics solutions. These are the exclusive property of our Customers, who reserve their exclusive use. mediarithmics does not carry out any inter-Client cross-referencing of this data or any other use for its own account. Provision of the tools necessary to ensure compliance with regulations mediarithmics solutions integrate a set of services and functionalities allowing compliance with regulations and the exercise of user rights, including: o Functionalities for collecting and managing consents o Services for consulting a user's personal data o Services for erasing a user's personal data o Services for erasing all data Duty to advise and intransigence on compliance with regulations by our Customers We require our customers to strictly comply with the regulations in force on the protection of personal data when using our software solutions. To help them in this mission, we offer them all our expertise and advice on how to implement and configure them. As a Subcontractor, we also have a duty to alert when we notice a use that seems to us to be non-compliant, whether on the data collected or the processing carried out. Description of our software solutions mediarithmics software solutions constitute a complete and integrated marketing suite. Each of our Customers, as Data Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), makes use of it in its own way, whether on the data it collects or the functionalities it uses. . This use must be explained and framed by a Register of Processing which must include in particular: The list of data collected and their retention period The purpose(s) justifying the collection The list of functionalities used on the mediarithmics platform For the sake of transparency and information of Internet users, we detail below the possible frameworks of use of our software solutions. These descriptions do not represent the reality of our customers: for exact information, it is advisable to consult directly the legal notices of their respective supports. Purposes We recommend the use of our processing for two purposes: Improve knowledge of its customers, prospects or users by understanding their behavior and their expectationsProposing marketing content more suited to its customers, prospects or users Data collected Our software solutions make it possible to collect data of various kinds: Activity logs (eg.navigation metadata on websites or mobile applications, exposure to advertising campaigns)User profiles (e.g.: gender, age group, etc.)Email addressesAdvertising identifiers for terminals (cookies, mobile identifiers)Customer identifiers such as CRM identifiersHashed email type identifiersLists of precalculated audiences Within each nature, a Customer can collect standard information (e.g.: "URL" for browsing, "Gender" for a profile, etc.) or specific (e.g.: " Product universe" for an e-merchant, "Article category" for an information site, etc.). This data can be pseudonymous (e.g. cookie identifiers) or fully identifiable (e.g. email addresses). When implementing our software solutions, each of our Clients configures the data they wish to collect, with the legal obligation to inform the user and obtain their prior consent. We strictly prohibit the use of our solutions for the collection and processing of sensitive data, within the meaning of the GDPR. Usable functionalities The functionalities offered by our software solutions are similar to the following families: Data collection via different channels: scripts incorporated into web pages, requests on public mediarithmics APIs from servers or mobile applications, transmission of flat files Segmentation: construction user lists via queries on the collected data Carrying out advertising campaigns on websites and mobile applications (which may target lists of users with cookie type identifiers or mobile advertising identifiers) Carrying out advertising campaigns email (targeting lists of users with email) Transmission of user lists to third-party service providers (for example in order to carry out targeted advertising campaigns on other media) Data exploration and analytics As for the data collected , our Customers have the obligation to inform users about the processing they carry out. Management of consents, communication with users Each of our Clients, as Data Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), must: Ensure the information of its users concerning the data collected, their retention period and their useObtain explicit consent authorizing the collection of personal data within the framework of the Processing carried outRespond to requests from users for access to the data collected and their deletion mediarithmics provides its customers with the tools necessary to fulfill these obligations, including a management and traceability system of the consents obtained for each user, as well as automated services for consulting, modifying and deleting personal data. The terms of access to these services are determined by the Customers, who are legally required to implement them in order to comply with the regulations. Exercise of your rights The exercise of your rights of access, rectification, opposition or deletion of personal data concerning you, must be carried out directly with our Customers, as must the consultation of the status of your consents. Security of personal data and hosting mediarithmics implements the best practices on the market to guarantee the security of personal data, including: The integration of security principles from the design and development phases of solutions "Defense in depth": securing all layers (applications, infrastructures and networks) Encryption of communications Storage of cookie / mobile identifiers in databases physically separate from other personal data Personal data is hosted by OVH France. MEDIARITHMICS - PROVIDER OF A TERMINAL IDENTIFIER RECONCILIATION SERVICE In addition to its software solutions, mediarithmics offers its customers access to a terminal identifier reconciliation service. mediarithmics is positioned in this context as Data Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). Why this service? Need to reconcile a terminal on several sites for the distribution of advertising campaigns The reconciliation of a terminal browsing on several sites or several applications is a prerequisite for the implementation of targeted marketing campaigns for: Customers with several brands (sites/apps ) The distribution of targeted campaigns outside the Customer's own sites / applications Identification of terminals Subject to having obtained the necessary consents, a terminal can be identified in two ways: 1.In the case of mobile applications: via the device's advertising identifier ("IDFA" for iOS-based systems or "AAID" for Android-based systems) 2. In the case of websites: by via an identifier contained in a cookie In the first case, the advertising identifier of the terminal is accessible from each application of the terminal, with the same value: it is possible to reconcile the same terminal from one application to another and to exchange information about it between different providers (for example, an application monetizing advertising space and an advertiser buying these advertising spaces). In the second case, the advertising identifier of the terminal is contained in a cookie, stored on a web browser. This cookie can only be read by the site that deposited it: this may be the site you are visiting (we will speak of "first party" cookies) or a third party site, a partner of the site you are visiting (we will will refer to "third party" cookies). Thus, reconciling a terminal browsing several websites requires relying on third-party cookies, deposited and read by one or more third-party partners. It is in this second case that mediarithmics intervenes, by correlating the cookie identifiers deposited by third-party partners for the same browser. Access to this database of identifiers makes it possible to reconcile the same browser on different sites, and to distribute targeted advertisements to it on the websites. Principles of provision of the service This service is made available to all our Customers. The use of our generic collection scripts on the websites allows our Customers to feed this database or to request it to identify a browser already known. In line with our position as a software publisher, we do not market this data: the use of this service is now included in the contractualisation. Description of the service Purpose Correlate the cookie identifiers assigned by several third-party service providers for the same browser in order to reconcile its activity on multiple sites without placing a third-party cookie yourself. Operation Collection and reconciliation When our collection scripts are loaded on web pages, calls are made to the sites of our partners in order to retrieve the identifiers assigned to the browser used. If these identifiers are already known, the activity of the terminal can be attached to an existing terminal, otherwise these identifiers are retained by the service for a future request. Transmission to third-party providers When our Clients transmit audiences (lists of users) to third-party providers, they may use this service to directly transmit identifiers known to the third-party provider. Data handled The data handled within the framework of this service are exclusively pseudonymous cookie identifiers. Third party providers with whom we exchange identifiers include: Google DoubleClick, AppNexus, SmartAdServer and Bidswitch. Legal basis The collection of your data and their processing within the framework of this service is only done subject to obtaining your consent. We ask our Customers to make the request, in compliance with the regulations, on the websites from which they collect data. IAB Transparency and Consent Framework mediarithmics is registered with the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework under id 184, and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Right of access, opposition, rectification and deletion If you wish to exercise your rights of access, rectification, opposition or deletion of personal data concerning you that we have collected as part of the Reconciliation Service identifiers of a terminal, we invite you to contact us by email or by post at the coordinates below. CONTACT If you wish to obtain further information on the processing of personal data by mediarithmics solutions or if you believe that the information provided above does not allow you to exercise your rights, you can contact us: By email: privacy@ mediarithmics.comBy mail: 3 rue d'Edimbourg, 75008 Paris MODIFICATION OF THIS CHARTER mediarithmics reserves the right to change this charter at any time to adapt it to changes in our solutions and the regulations in force. Navigate Industries Utility pages We're proud ofOracle Close Search Ask "Analyst Reports" View Accounts Back Oracle Account Cloud Account Sign in to Contact Sales No results found Your search did not match any results. We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for: Check the spelling of your keyword search.Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”Try one of the popular searches shown below.Start a new search. Trending Questions How are customers using Oracle Cloud apps and infrastructure?Analyst ReportsCollege recruitingWorking at OracleCan I take advantage of the cloud in my own data center?HCMOracle business transformationTry Oracle Cloud for freeHow can I create an agile supply chain?Blockchain applicationsOracle vs AWSFinancials Close Products Infrastructure Applications Industries Resources Support Events Oracle Cloud Events Cloud CX Join visionaries, experts, and customers as they share insights on the latest CX solutions in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud ERP Listen to industry experts and customers as they share ERP, EPM, and SCM best practices in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud HCM Experience HR technology solutions best practices and customer successes in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud Platform Explore modern technology solutions through best practices and customer examples in these 1–2 hour events. Learn about new products and some of the customers who are using them in these 60-minutes or less announcement events. Accelerate your application development and join technical sessions, hands-on labs, demos, panels, and live Q&A with experts. Hear candid conversations with customer executives who rely on Oracle Cloud to help transform their business. Not finding what you’re looking for? Search for all Oracle events. Developer Find tools, documentation, downloads, reference architectures and sample code to develop on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. Try Oracle Free Tier Oracle Cloud Free Tier lets anyone build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free. Partners Learn how our partners' differentiated services, combined with Oracle’s technology stack, are critical to our customers’ ongoing success. Discover, test, buy, and deploy partner business applications built on, and integrated with, Oracle Cloud. Search our digital catalog of partners who are ready to assist customers in realizing greater value through expertise-based services. See why startups and established ISVs trust Oracle Cloud to meet their customers’ demands. Understand the opportunities to extend and expand your service offerings with Oracle Cloud. Learn about Oracle’s global program that helps technology and services partners innovate, collaborate, and grow based on their business needs. Interested in partnering? Take our OPN Journey Builder Help us get to know your business better so we can guide you on your path to success with Oracle. Let’s get started Oracle Legal Legal Notices Privacy Policies More Dyn Privacy @ Oracle Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: The Oracle General Privacy Policy addresses information we collect in connection with your use of Oracle websites, mobile applications, and social media pages that link to the General Privacy Policy, your interactions with Oracle during in-person meetings at Oracle facilities or at Oracle events, and in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.The Services Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-)users of these services with Oracle systems and networks. The Customer Data Research and Development Privacy Policy describes Oracle’s processing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s artificial intelligence and machine learning activities in order to analyze, develop, and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes.The Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle’s online and offline recruiting efforts.The Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy addresses how Oracle facilitates the collection and use of marketing and interest-based information to help enable interest-based advertising by our Oracle Advertising customers.The AddThis Privacy Policy informs consumers about the collection, use and sharing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the AddThis Tools. The Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn’s Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons. Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. If you would like to exercise your rights, please refer to the applicable privacy policy above or visit the Privacy Choices tab for more information. Resources for Why Oracle Learn News and Events Contact Us Country/RegionWe value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. We value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. What does Adobe do with your personal information? Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites: What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information? Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents: Questions? Contact us . Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Chat with usYour data, your choice! We and our partners use technology such as cookies, on our sites. We do this to improve and personalise your user experience, deliver content and ads across devices, provide social media features and analyse our traffic in order to improve the user experience on this site. By clicking 'I accept' below you consent to the use of this technology across the web. You can change your mind and change your consent choices at any time by returning to your cookie settings.California residents may exercise their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act's Do Not Sell My Personal Information choice by clicking on the link. I Accept I Do Not Accept Cookies Other Options The Tapad Graph Switchboard Hashed Email Mobile Connections CTV IP Onboarding Brands Agencies Platforms Experian Marketing Blog Engineering Blog About us Leadership Privacy News Careers Find Us Tapad Life Privacy-Safe Digital Identity Resolution Privacy-Safe Digital Identity Resolution | Where being privacy-first is paramount Protecting consumer privacy has been paramount to Tapad since the creation of our company. Our goal is to ensure that every consumer is empowered to make an informed decision about what information is collected and how it is used by Tapad. Over the years, Tapad has invested significant resources into being a privacy-first company. As a long-standing member of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ), Tapad has been a participant in self-regulatory programs and has adhered to privacy best practices since its inception. and continues to adapt many of these initiatives to all relevant aspects of data protection frameworks across all regions. What does this mean? Ongoing commitment to transparency, user control, and user privacy by providing full disclosure as to how data is collected, processed and storedMembership in self-regulatory organizations such as the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ), the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA )Clear and easy opt-out choices through Tapad’s site, or centralized industry opt-outs through the NAI and DAA Implementing Privacy-by-Design and Data Minimization principles throughout the product development processes which include:Not collecting data when there is no present commercial needLimiting data retention to the minimum amount needed for the purposes of usageUtilizing automatic expiration of data setsImplementing technical safeguards to not ingest data that whose source is unknown or data that is unnecessary.Ongoing formal Privacy Impact Assessments for all key products Standardized diligence process for all partners and clients to ensure all data processing and collection are compliant with relevant regulations and best practicesFormalized consumer request process such as the right to access and erasure To easily opt-out of The Tapad Graph, please visit the opt-out section in our privacy notice here , or visit our full notice to learn more about options for consumer choice. © 2023 Tapad, Inc.All content on this site is property of Tapad, Inc. Opt Out Do Not Sell My Personal Information Identity Solutions Resources Company © 2023 Tapad, Inc. A Telenor Group company. All content on this site is property of Tapad, Inc. Opt Out | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Expanded Cookie Information Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Any cookie placed by this site will stay active until opted-out of, which you can do in the options panel. Processing for marketing purposes will include the following activities: Access and storage of information This allows the storage of information, or access to information that is already stored, on your device such as advertising identifiers, device identifiers, cookies, and similar technologies. Ad selection, delivery and reporting The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver advertisements for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads, processing data about what advertisements were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action related to the advertisement, including for example clicking an ad or making a purchase.This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time. Content selection, delivery and reporting The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver content for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such content. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select content, processing data about what content was shown, how often or how long it was shown, when and where it was shown, and whether you took any action related to the content, including for example clicking on content. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time. Personalization The collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as on other websites or apps, over time. Typically, the content of the site or app is used to make inferences about your interests, which inform future selection of advertising and/or content. Measurement The collection of information about your use of the content, and combination with previously collected information, used to measure, understand, and report on your usage of the service. This does not include personalisation, the collection of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, i.e. on other service, such as websites or apps, over time. Our site uses cookies from the following partners: Craft (Necessary) Google Analytics (Measurement) Hubspot (Marketing) Facebook (Marketing) LinkedIn (Marketing) The cookies used on this site are gathering the following data: Browser settingsYour device’s operating systemCookie informationOther identifiers assigned to the deviceIP address Device activity, including webpages and mobile apps visited or used Geographic location of the device when it accesses a website or mobile applicationWebsite Privacy Policy Last updated: June 29, 2023 WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OUR WEBSITES AND OTHER SOURCES HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION EUID COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITES YOUR RIGHTS CANDIDATE INFORMATION INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS SECURITY AND RETENTION CHANGES TO THIS POLICY CONTACT US WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS This privacy policy covers data that the Trade Desk collects, uses and discloses from our websites, client-facing portals, Careers Page and by other means, including through your contact with us. It describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and your rights. This policy does not cover data that is collected, used or disclosed through the Trade Desk’s advertising technology platform and systems (the “Platform”). For more information on privacy as it relates to the Platform, please see The Trade Desk Services Privacy Policy . This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of other websites that are linked from our websites. The Trade Desk is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those websites to understand their data privacy practices. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OUR WEBSITES AND OTHER SOURCES We may collect personal information such as your name, email address and phone number directly from you. For example, when you provide information through a form on our websites or apply for a role through our career pages. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We may collect personal information through third party services for the purpose of job recruitment, such as vendor platforms that provide candidate search and data engine for sourcing and recruiting efforts. Analytics Data We may automatically collect analytics data, such as browser type and language, access times, pages visited, and referring website addresses, and mobile data such as the mobile browser and type and model of your device. We use this data to understand how our websites are used and to improve them. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT Any personal information you provide to us will only be used for the purposes for which you provided it, as disclosed at the time it was collected. For example: We respond to inquiries and provide requested information regarding our products and servicesWe may send you marketing communications related to our products, such as our newsletter, if you are a client or have chosen to receive it If you no longer wish to receive marketing email communications or wish to opt out, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the emails you receive or by contacting us via this webform HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy. We do not sell information collected through our websites to any third party. We may disclose your information to companies that provide data processing services to help us with our business activities, such as sending email communications on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We will also disclose your information: As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process,When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,If the Trade Desk is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, in such case you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our websites of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you have regarding your information, or With your permission, with another third party. UID2 and EUID We may use your email address to create a consistent unique identifier called a UID2 or, in Europe, a EUID. These allow us, and other participants in the UID2/EUID advertising framework, to ensure that the ads you see online are relevant and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. You can read more about how UID2 works on Transparentadvertising.org . You can read more about how EUID works, how to opt-out and your rights on the EU Transparency website . COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITES “Cookies” are data files that are stored on your browser or device and are used to remember user preferences and behaviors over time. Cookies allow us to recognize your device and remember information, such as your preferred language and other general settings. Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, the Trade Desk) are called “first party cookies”.Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Our websites use both first party and third-party cookies. We may use third party cookies from social media platforms such as LinkedIn and Facebook. If you consent to these cookies being used, then we may share information with you on these social media platforms. For more information about specific cookies on this site, please see our Cookie Notice . CANDIDATE INFORMATION If you are a candidate for an employment opportunity at The Trade Desk, we will process the data necessary to manage your engagement for opportunities at The Trade Desk, for example the interview process and access to The Trade Desk offices. We may keep your profile information when you log-in to the career site using LinkedIn, apply for jobs, subscribe to job alerts or join Talent communities. See the YOUR RIGHTS section below for information on how to request your data with us. YOUR RIGHTS Depending upon where you live, you may have certain legal rights with respect to the personal information we collect and process about you. These rights may include the right to request access, deletion, and correction of personal information. You may also have the right to opt out of activities that constitute “sales” or “sharing” as such terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the United States. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person or infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information that we are required by law to keep. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under applicable law. If you’d like to access, update, correct, or request deletion of your information that you have provided to us on our websites or elsewhere, please fill out this webform or send your request to us at dsr@thetradedesk.com . You can submit a request to view or delete your personal information stored on the career site. You are required to provide your email and complete email verification in order to submit this request. Any requests will be reviewed and responded within 30 days. Please be aware that requesting a deletion of personal information will remove your entire profile information from the career site including any active job applications. This will also remove any subscriptions you might have made on the career site. Click here to request to view, download and delete your personal information. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We operate from servers located in the United States. Laws governing the collection and use of data in the United States may not be equivalent to those in the country where you reside. We may transfer data from the EU or Switzerland to the US under a valid legal framework. SECURITY AND RETENTION We retain the personal information you provide to us for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services or perform the purposes for which it was supplied. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We have implemented commercially reasonable security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse, or alteration of the personal information we process. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We may revise this policy at any time. However, if we make material changes, we will not apply them retroactively. CONTACT US You may contact us regarding privacy through this webform . Or write to this address: Global Data Protection Officer (DPO) The Trade Desk, Global Privacy Office 42 N. Chestnut St., Ventura, CA 93001 Email: dpo ((at)) thetradedesk ((dot)) com If you have a concern regarding our privacy practices, please contact us via the contact details supplied above. If after reasonable efforts, you believe your concern has not been satisfactorily addressed by us: If you are in the US, our privacy practices are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission.If you are in the EU or UK, we recommend you contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) Let's work together. See what our platform can do for you. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy To review PubMatic’s Privacy policies, please see the individual pages below. We are concerned about privacy issues and want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and share information and how you can exercise the privacy rights available to you. This PubMatic Opt Out page is intended to help you opt out of the use of cookies and mobile advertising identifiers for interest-based advertising and cross-device targeting purposes. This Cookie Policy describes the different types of cookies that may be applied on the equipment of consumers who visit PubMatic.com and any other websites owned and operated by PubMatic, Inc. and its affiliates. This Cookie and Other Similar Technologies Policy describes the different types of cookies and similar technologies that may be used by the supply side platform owned and operated by PubMatic, Inc. and its affiliates. PubMatic, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including, as of the date of this notice, PubMatic Limited, PubMatic GmbH, PubMatic India Private Limited, パブマティック株式会社 (PubMatic KK), PubMatic Pte. Ltd. and 据翼软件科技有限公司 (PubMatic Software (Shanghai) Limited) are committed to respecting your data protection rights under applicable privacy laws. PubMatic, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including, as of the date of this notice, PubMatic Limited, PubMatic GmbH, PubMatic India Private Limited, パブマティック株式会社 (PubMatic KK), PubMatic Pte. Ltd. and 据翼软件科技有限公司 (PubMatic Software (Shanghai) Limited) are committed to respecting your data protection rights under applicable privacy laws. To assist in making a Data Subject Rights Request as simple as possible, please follow these instructions. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers the information that we may process about End Users through our Ad Services and about individuals who visit, use, or interact with the PubMatic Properties. This Careers Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with all the information that we collect through the Careers section of our website, other online sources such as LinkedIn and offline in connection with your application for a job or internship with PubMatic. Additional legal policies can be found here ; PubMatic’s Website Terms of Service can be found here .Privacy Policy Last Updated: This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Crazy Egg, Inc. (“Crazy Egg”, “we”, “us”, “our”) on our websites located at the domains crazyegg.com, crazyeggvcr.com, and crazyeggproxy.com, as well as such other websites or mobile applications that we own or operate (individually and collectively, “Our Website” or the “Crazy Egg Website”). Scope of this Privacy Policy As further discussed, below, data protection laws, regulations, and directives in certain jurisdictions distinguish between the rights and responsibilities of “Controller(s)” of personal information or data (“Information”), from those who are “Processor(s)” of such Information or data on the applicable controllers’ behalf. Crazy Egg is generally the controller of Information that it collects from and about the persons and entities who are visiting Our Website (“Crazy Egg Visitors”), and this Privacy Policy applies to Crazy Egg Visitors. We also provide certain services to commercial persons and entities (each, a “Client” and collectively, “Clients”), who, in turn, own and operate their own websites or mobile applications (“Client Site(s)”), and who wish to utilize our code, software and services and reports (the “Service(s)”) to analyze how third party visitors to their Client Sites (“Client Site Visitor(s)”) use, interact with, and engage their Client Sites. The applicable Clients are the Controllers of Information collected from their Client Site Visitors, whether or not such information is accessed, analyzed, or otherwise utilized by or on behalf of the Client via the Service (“Client Visitor Information”); Crazy Egg is not the Controller of such Client Visitor Information. This Privacy Policy applies to the use of Services by our Clients. However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the Client Sites themselves, nor to any Client Visitor Information. For any questions regarding the privacy, security, or other practices or policies on the Client Sites, please contact the applicable Client. Information Collected from Crazy Egg Visitors Device Information from Crazy Egg Visitors We may receive and collect certain Information furnished by the visitor's browser or otherwise by their access device (“Device Information”), such as: Browser InformationOperating System InformationMobile Device Information (e.g., device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)IP address (stored in anonymized form)Page AccessedGeographic LocationTime of visit (by day, week, and duration)Whether the visitor is a new or return visitorOther such Information as may be delivered or shared by the applicable browser or access software or device. Referral Information We may also receive certain information regarding visitors from the prior website visited by such visitors (“Referral Information”). For instance, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from another website, Crazy Egg may receive certain information from the referring website (i.e., the last website the visitor visited before visiting the Crazy Egg Website) as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol ("HTTP") request. For example, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from a search engine, Crazy Egg may receive information contained in the referring URL for the applicable search query, such as the terms the Crazy Egg Visitor was searching for before visiting the Crazy Egg Website. Registration Information from Crazy Egg Clients When Crazy Egg Visitors register as Clients to use the Crazy Egg Service, register to use a trial version of the Crazy Egg Service, or request additional information about Crazy Egg, Crazy Egg may require Information, such as name, employer or company name, e-mail, mailing address, phone number, financial information (e.g., credit card number, billing address), and/or proposed Client Site to be tracked, to process the registration or request ("Client Registration Information"). Session Recording Information We may use session recording software on the Crazy Egg Website. This software enables us to record Crazy Egg Visitors’ use, interaction, and engagement with the Crazy Egg Website. This software may capture user input, such as mouse and keyboard inputs and mobile gestures, and user views, such as browser or screen output. We use this software to help us optimize Crazy Egg Visitors’ experience. By using the Crazy Egg Website, you consent to our use of session recording software. Crazy Egg’s Use of Crazy Egg Visitor Information Crazy Egg may use Information of Crazy Egg Visitors, including Device Information and Referral Information of Crazy Egg Visitors and Client Registration Information, to: authenticate Client’s access to the Crazy Egg Site, trial versions, or Service;process and fulfill Client requests or purchases;register Client accounts;check the Crazy Egg Visitor’s qualifications for registration and/or to bill Crazy Egg Clients for the Services.Crazy Egg may also use Client Information to: provide Crazy Egg's products and Services, personalize and tailor your experience on the Crazy Egg Website;operate our business;understand how Clients are engaging with Crazy Egg Website and Service;request additional information necessary to process or fulfill an order;assess Client satisfaction with the Crazy Egg Service;inform Clients that an upgrade is available; or to contact Clients with information about Crazy Egg, including information about new or existing products and services or special offers. For example, we may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and Services to the email address associated with a registered account. Otherwise for our legitimate business interests. If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Crazy Egg may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”. Use of Cookies by the Service As described in our Cookie Policy, the Service may utilize first-party cookies (small text files that Crazy Egg stores locally on a Client Site Visitor’s device) on Client Sites for one or more of the following purposes: to help identify whether a Client Site Visitor is a first time visitor, or has visited previously (provided that we will not store identifiers that can be used to personally identify such Client Site Visitors); assess usage patterns and perform traffic analysis; identify preferences; diagnose problems with our Service; analyze trends; and otherwise administer Crazy Egg products and services. Cookies placed by Crazy Egg on the computers of Client Site Visitors do not include Personally Identifiable Information such as name, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address, nor does Crazy Egg link cookies to such Personally Identifiable Information on our servers or databases. For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy, which is incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference. Information Collected by or on Behalf of Our Clients via the Service Crazy Egg Clients use the Service to obtain information regarding how Client Site Visitors to their Client Sites are interacting with such Client Sites. This Service allows a Crazy Egg Client to evaluate and potentially modify its Client Site based on its findings regarding Client Site Visitors use and interaction with the Client Site. Types of Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg Clients may use the Service to collect, store, and analyze Client Visitor Information, on the Client’s behalf as the Controller of such Client Visitor Information, on Crazy Egg's servers, as the Client’s Processor of such Client Visitor Information. Such Client Visitor Information is transmitted in encrypted form, and pursuant to applicable data transfer provisions further described below. The Service may process such Client Visitor Information on behalf of the Client, to perform analyses and produce reports for the Crazy Egg Client. The interactions that may be recorded or analyzed (“Recorded Interactions”) may include mouse scrolls and clicks by a Client Site Visitor; and/or pages viewed or visited by a Client Site Visitor, including the duration of such visits. Recorded Interactions may also include images of the Client Site that are recorded during the Client Site Visitor’s interactions with such Client Site, such as, by way of example, images of forms displayed or populated by the Client Site Visitor on the Client Site, or other multimedia content that may be posted by Client Site Visitors. Such Client Visitor Information may also include Device Information and/or Referral Information from the Client Site Visitor. Client Visitor Information is provided to Clients in the form of aggregated reports and/or statistics that identify the collective behavior of Client Visitors to the Client's Site.Clients will also have access to Recorded Interactions through the Service. Our Processing of Client Visitor Information. As the Processor of Client Visitor Information, we will process Client Visitor Information only in compliance with the applicable Client’s instructions regarding the processing of Client Visitor Information, including any applicable terms , but subject to applicable laws and regulations regarding such Client Visitor Information, and as otherwise required by applicable law and regulations. Crazy Egg Disclaimers Regarding Personally Identifying Information of Client Site Visitors. Crazy Egg's Service is not designed to knowingly collect or extract from Client Visitor Information (including any Recorded Interactions or Device Information received from Client Sites through the Service) information that could be used to personally identify Client Site Visitors, such as a Client Site Visitor’s name, address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information") when a Client Site Visitor visits a Client Site that uses the Crazy Egg Service. Crazy Egg also generally prohibits Clients from collecting Personally Identifiable Information using the Service or otherwise providing Personally Identifiable Information of Client Site Visitors to Crazy Egg in connection with the Service. Crazy Egg Does Not Collect Visitor Information Across Multiple Sites Crazy Egg does not collect or aggregate information about visitor behavior on multiple, different websites. Retention and Deletion of Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg will retain Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable terms and as required by applicable law. Client agrees and acknowledges that the deletion of Client Visitor Information may affect the delivery or performance of the Service. Crazy Egg will comply with such instructions to delete Client Visitor Information as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require retention or earlier deletion. Crazy Egg may retain Client Registration Information as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the other terms . This may include keeping Client Registration Information after the account has been deactivated as needed for Crazy Egg to pursue legitimate business interests, record keeping procedures, legal compliance, preservation of rights, security purposes, and enforcement of legal and contractual rights. Client agrees and acknowledges that it will be responsible for exporting any Client Visitor Information or Client Registration Information that it wishes to retain following the termination of the terms Crazy Egg's Sharing and Disclosure of Crazy Egg Visitor Information and Client Visitor Information. This section describes the manner and extent to which Crazy Egg may share and disclose Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary below or elsewhere herein, as between a Client and Crazy Egg, the Client is solely responsible for its policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Client Visitor Information as the Controller of such Information. Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client Visitor Information. Except to the limited extent described otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg never sells or shares any Client Visitor Information with individuals or companies other than the specific Client from whose Client Site Crazy Egg collected the Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client’s Personally Identifiable Information. With the exception of the limited circumstances discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg does not provide Clients' Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for any purpose. Disclosure Pursuant to the Client’s Instructions. Crazy Egg will share and disclose Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable Terms , and otherwise in compliance with but subject to applicable laws and regulations. Subprocessors. We may utilize affiliates or third parties as subprocessors of the Information, to support the Services, and otherwise to support the conduct of our business, to provide, by way of example, service such as computing and storage services. We will use subprocessors subject to contracts that are substantially as protective of Personally Identifiable Information as those contained herein, and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with Article 28(3) of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. For further information regarding our use of subprocessors, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Our Affiliates.We may share Information hereunder with our corporate affiliates provided that such affiliates are obligated, contractually or otherwise under applicable laws, to be bound by our obligations with respect to such Information. Change of Control. If Crazy Egg, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by another company or successor entity, the Information hereunder will be one of the assets transferred or acquired by the purchaser or successor. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any purchaser of or successor to Crazy Egg or its assets may continue to collect, use and disclose your Information as set forth in this policy. Payment Processors. Like many companies that accept payment by credit card, Crazy Egg relies on third-party payment processors to process financial payments. When you make payments to Crazy Egg to obtain or use Crazy Egg's products or services, Crazy Egg may share Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, address, and credit card information, with qualified third parties in order to process your order. Law Enforcement/Legal Process. Crazy Egg reserves the right to disclose any Information (including Personally Identifiable Information): (1) to comply with any law, regulation, or legal request, if and to the extent that we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process; (2) to enforce, apply, or investigate breaches of the Terms or other agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property, user experience, or safety of Crazy Egg, our employees, our users, our Clients, or others. Aggregated, Anonymized, Pseudonymized, or De-identified Information. We may disclose or use aggregated, anonymized, pseudonymized, or otherwise de-identified Information for any purpose. Transfer of Data Abroad; International Users. Our Website is directed to visitors from the United States of America. If you are visiting Our Website or a Client Site from a country other than the United States of America the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. By using Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. If we are asked by a Client to transfer Personally Identifying Information from a Client Site in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom to other countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regulations under applicable data protection law, we will offer to enter into the European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, or such other equivalent clauses issued by the applicable country, with the Client. To request to enter into such clauses, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Security and Protection of Visitor Information and Client Information Crazy Egg implements security mechanisms to protect Visitor Information and Client Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Examples of these security mechanisms include limited and password-protected access, firewalls, and SSL encryption to protect transmission of data, as further described above and in our Terms of Use . For additional questions or information regarding our security standards, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Policy Concerning Children Under Age of 16 Crazy Egg does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 16. If we learn that we have Personally Identifiable Information of a child under age 16, we will remove it. If you believe we have Personally Identifiable Information about a child under the age of 16, please notify us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Changes to Our Privacy Policy Crazy Egg retains the discretion to amend or modify this policy from time to time. Use and disclosure of Information we obtain is subject to the later of: (1) the policy in effect at the time such visitor Information or Client Information is collected or (2) any subsequent policy to which you agree or of which you have notice, if you elect to use Crazy Egg or a Crazy Egg Client Site (including the Crazy Egg Website) following such acceptance or notice. If we make material changes in the way we use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you through one or more of the following means: a direct communication to your Crazy Egg account, a communication to the e-mail address associated with your account, or a clear and prominent announcement on the Crazy Egg Website.Your continued access to or use of Crazy Egg or websites that use Crazy Egg following notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute consent to any amendments and/or modifications. For More Information / Your Information Rights Privacy Officer / Notices. Crazy Egg welcomes any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, including regarding any disclosure of third party information for direct marketing purposes. Any such comments or questions should be submitted via e-mail to: privacy@crazyegg.com. Access to Personally Identifiable Information or other Information Stored at Crazy Egg At any time, a Crazy Egg Client or Crazy Egg Visitor may access and/or modify their Personally Identifiable Information or other Information stored by Crazy Egg on their behalf, to enable them to access, rectify and restrict processing of their respective Information, and allow them to export their Information, by accessing their Crazy Egg account and contacting us at privacy@crazyegg.com. California Information Rights. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Shine the Light” law), California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year certain disclosures about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information, and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared personal information, for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2019 sharing activities). To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@crazyegg.com with a subject line of “Request for California Privacy Information.” Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. Do-Not-Track Signals Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Our practices with respect to such signals are set forth in https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out . Manage my cookie preferences Make the most of every visitor FeaturesOpens in new window Overview Opens in new window Snapshots Opens in new window Recordings Opens in new window A/B Testing Opens in new window Traffic Analysis Opens in new window Errors Tracking Opens in new window Surveys Opens in new window Goals Opens in new window CTAs Crazy Egg ForOpens in new window Agencies Opens in new window E-Commerce Opens in new window Lead Gen Opens in new window Education Opens in new window Shopify Opens in new window Enterprise ResourcesOpens in new window Case Studies Opens in new window FAQ Opens in new window Help Center Opens in new window Contact Us Opens in new window Blog Opens in new window Free Trial Opens in new window Careers Opens in new window Pricing LegalOpens in new window Terms of Use Opens in new window Privacy Policy Opens in new window Cookie Policy Opens in new window Opt-out SocialOpens in new window Facebook Opens in new window Youtube Opens in new window Twitter Opens in new window LinkedIn © Crazy Egg, Inc. 2023 close modal This website uses cookies We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg. Customize your cookies We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg. Essential cookies toggle marketing cookie consent Cookies that are essential to the use and operation of our website and services. Marketing and advertising toggle marketing cookie consent Cookies that are used by Crazy Egg to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information. Analytics toggle analytics cookie consent Cookies that help us understand how visitors engage with our website, such as usage statistics, or to reconstruct viewed UI elements in order to improve our services.Privacy Policy ARUBA Privacy Policy pursuant to Articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 Pursuant to Articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "Regulation"), Aruba S.p.a. ("Aruba" or "Data Controller"), hereby provides below to its customers, including potential customers, as well as third parties in general (e.g. delegates, legal representatives, etc.) who come in contact with Aruba on behalf of or as mandated by customers, including potential customers (the "Data Subjects"), the information required by law relating to the processing of their personal data ("Data"). ABOUT Data Controller , Aruba S.p.A., with registered office in Ponte San Pietro (BG) at Via San Clemente No. 53 privacy@staff.aruba.it Data Protection Officer (DPO) dpo@staff.aruba.it HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA The data processed by the Data Controller are acquired as follows: from the Data Subject, also through remote communications techniques used by the Data Controller (e.g. websites, smartphone and tablet apps, call centres, etc.); from third parties (e.g. those arranging transactions for the Data Subject, business information and financial risk companies, external companies for market research purposes, etc.). Data from public sources, such as public registers, lists, public domain documents (e.g. financial statements, information contained in the register of companies at the Chambers of Commerce, real estate deeds and other so-called detrimental acts, such as the registration of mortgages or the transcription of attachments), as well as data extracted from sources that can be publicly and generally accessed by anyone, such as print or digital newspapers, information from telephone directories, websites of public bodies or other supervisory and control authorities, will also be used. WHAT DATA DO WE PROCESS CATEGORY OF DATA EXAMPLES OF TYPES OF DATA Personal information Name, surname, street address, nationality, province and municipality of residence, landline and/or mobile phone number, fax, taxpayer ID number, email address, copy of identification document Banking information IBAN and banking/postal account information (except for Credit Card number) Log Source IP address, Log (system and network) Internet traffic Data Data processed for the purpose of the conveyance of a communication on an electronic communications network or for the billing thereof WHY ARE THE DATA SUBJECT'S DATA NEEDED PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING LEGAL BASIS Registration and management of contact requests and/or information materials The Data Subject's personal data are processed to implement preliminary actions and those following a registration request, to manage to send informational materials, as well as to satisfy any and all other obligations arising herewith. information and contact requests, and/or The legal basis for this processing is to provide the services relating to a request for registration, information and contact and/or to send information materials and to comply with legal requirements. The provision of the data is optional. However if the Data Subject refuses to provide the data, it will not be possible for the Data Controller to provide the requested service. Management of the contractual relationship The Data Subject's personal data are processed to implement actions in preparation of and following the purchase of a Service and/or a Product, such as management of the relevant order, provision of the The legal basis for this processing is to provide the services relating to the contractual relationship and to comply with the legal requirements. Aruba S.p.A. Via San Clemente No.53, Ponte San Pietro 24036 (BG) VAT Reg. No. 01573850516 | Tax ID No. 04552920482 REA [Administrative and Economic Index] BG 434483 | Share Capital € 4,000,000 fully paid up | Certified email:aruba@aruba.pec.it | Website aruba.it v.2.4_ASOn_21.03.2023 Privacy Policy ARUBA Service itself and/or production and/or shipping of the purchased Product, related invoicing and payment management, handling of any claims and/or notifications to the support service and provision of the support itself, sending communications for information as well as fulfilment of any and all other obligations arising from the contract. Defending a right in court or out of court The Data Subject's personal data are processed to ascertain, exercise or defend a right of the Data Controller and/or to defend itself against third party claims, in court or out of court. Physical and Information Security The Data Subject's personal data are processed to ensure network and information security, the protection of corporate assets and the security of the Aruba Group's offices and corporate systems. Fraud prevention The Data Subject's personal data are processed to allow controls that monitor and prevent fraudulent payments by software systems running automated checks, prior to the negotiation of Services/Products.If these checks return a negative result it will be impossible to complete the transaction; the Data Subject can, of course, express their opinion, request an explanation, or challenge the decision by sending their reasons to Customer Support or to privacy@staff.aruba.it. Promotional activities for Services/Products similar to those purchased The Data Subject's personal data are processed in order to send emails relating to promotions and offers relating to the Data Controller's Services/Products identical and/or similar to those covered by the current contract with the Data Subject, unless the Data Subject objected to the processing, initially or during subsequent communications. Promotional activities for Services/Products offered by Aruba The Data Subject's personal data are processed in order to send, with specific consent, promotional communications and offers relating to the Data Controller's Services/Products through traditional methods (e.g. ordinary mail, landline calls) and/or automated methods (e.g. email, SMS, MMS, fax, pre-recorded calls). The provision of the data is optional. However if the Data Subject refuses to provide the data, it will not be possible for the Data Controller to provide the requested service. The legal basis of the processing is the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the Data Controller, given the balance of the rights of the latter and the Data Subject. The legal basis for this processing is compliance with the law and the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the Data Controller, given the balance of rights of the latter and the Data Subject. The Data Subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of their personal data for the purpose in question, on grounds relating to their personal situation. The legal basis of the processing is the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the Data Controller, given the balance of the rights of the latter and the Data Subject. The Data Subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of their personal data for the purpose in question, on grounds relating to their personal situation. The legal basis for the processing is the Data Controller's legitimate interest in promoting products or services which may reasonably be of interest to the Data Subject, given the balance of the rights of the latter and the Data Controller. The Data Subject has the right to object at any time to the processing of their personal data for the purpose in question, on grounds relating to their personal situation. The legal basis of this processing is the consent initially granted by the Data Subject for the processing itself, which may freely be withdrawn at any time, without prejudice to the lawfulness of any previous processing. If the Data Subject refuses to give their consent, it will not be possible to use the relevant services, without this entailing detrimental consequences for the contractual relationship with the Data Controller. Promotional activities for Services/Products of the Aruba Group companies The Data Subject's personal data are processed in order to send, with specific consent, communications of promotions and offers of Services/Products of Aruba Group companies through traditional methods (e.g. ordinary mail, landline calls) and/or automated methods (e.g. email, SMS, MMS, fax, pre-recorded phone calls). The legal basis of this processing is the consent initially granted by the Data Subject for the processing itself, which may freely be withdrawn at any time, without prejudice to the lawfulness of any previous processing. If the Data Subject refuses to give their consent, it will not be possible to use the relevant services, without this entailing detrimental consequences for the contractual relationship with the Data Controller. Profiling The Data Subject's personal data are processed, with specific consent, for profiling purposes such as the analysis of the transmitted data and the purchased Services/Products in order to offer advertising messages and/or business deals that are aligned with user selections. The legal basis of this processing is the consent initially granted by the Data Subject for the processing itself, which may freely be withdrawn at any time, without prejudice to the lawfulness of any previous processing. If the Data Subject refuses to give their consent, it will not be possible to use the relevant services, without this entailing detrimental consequences for the contractual relationship with the Data Controller. TO WHOM DO WE COMMUNICATE THE DATA SUBJECT'S DATA CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENT PURPOSE Aruba S.p.A. Via San Clemente No.53, Ponte San Pietro 24036 (BG) VAT Reg. No. 01573850516 | Tax ID No. 04552920482 REA [Administrative and Economic Index] BG 434483 | Share Capital € 4,000,000 fully paid up | Certified email:aruba@aruba.pec.it | Website aruba.it v.2.4_ASOn_21.03.2023 Privacy Policy ARUBA Companies belonging to the Aruba S.p.A.Group ("Aruba Group") Fulfilment of administrative and accounting requirements, as well as those connected with the services requested Third party providers and companies belonging to the Aruba Group Performance of services (assistance, maintenance, delivery/shipping of products, performance of additional services, providers of networks and electronic communication services) associated with the requested service Credit institutions, banks/post offices electronic and payment External professionals/consultants and consulting firms Administration, Public Financial Agencies, Authorities, Legal Supervisory and Oversight Authorities Formally mandated subjects or those with recognized legal rights Managing deposits, payments, reimbursements associated with the contractual service Fulfilment of legal requirements, exercising rights, protecting contractual rights, credit recovery Fulfilment of legal requirements, defence of rights; lists and registers held by Public Authorities or similar agencies based on specific regulations relating to the requested service Legal representatives, administrators, guardians, etc. Persons belonging to these categories operate independently as separate data controllers or as data processors appointed by the Data Controller. The Data Controller's personnel that are specially authorised for processing, including interns, temporary workers, consultants, may also have knowledge of the data, in relation to the performance of their assigned tasks. In no case shall personal data be disclosed and they shall not, therefore, be accessible by undefined parties, in any form, for example by them being made available or subject to consultation. HOW WE PROCESS THE DATA SUBJECT'S DATA The data shall be processed using manual, electronic and remote means and in accordance with the requirements set by the relevant legislation, which seeks to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Data, and to avoid material or moral damages. WHERE WE PROCESS THE DATA SUBJECT'S DATA The Data Subject's data is stored in archives located in European Union countries. Where necessary for the pursuit of the stated purposes, the Data Subject's Data may be transferred abroad, to countries/organizations outside the European Union guaranteeing a level of personal data protection deemed adequate by the European Commission by its own decision or, otherwise, on the basis of other appropriate safeguards, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the Data Subject's consent. The Data Subject is entitled to obtain a copy of any appropriate safeguards, as well as the list of countries/organizations to which the data has been transferred by writing to privacy@staff.aruba.it. HOW LONG WE RETAIN THE DATA SUBJECT'S DATA The Data will be held in a form which enables the Data Subject to be identified for no longer than is necessary for the collection purposes, given the laws covering the activities and sectors in which the Data Controller operates. Once the periods thus established have transpired, the Data will be deleted or processed anonymously, unless further retention is necessary to comply with obligations (e.g. tax and accounting) that may persist even after termination of the contract (Art. 2220 of the Civil Code) or to comply with orders issued by Public Authorities and/or Supervisory Bodies. WHAT ARE THE DATA SUBJECT'S RIGHTS The Data Subject shall contact privacy@staff.aruba.it to exercise their the right to obtain, in the cases provided for in the Regulation, access to the data concerning him/her, deletion of the data, correction of incorrect data, completion of incomplete data, limitation on processing the data, portability of the data and opposition to the processing. The Data Subject also has the right to lodge a claim with the competent Italian supervisory authority (Italian Personal Data Protection Authority) or with the agency performing its duties and exercises its rights in the member State where the breach occurred, as provided for in Art. 77 of the Regulation, as well as to file appropriate legal proceedings pursuant to Arts. 78 and 79 of the Regulation. Aruba S.p.A. Via San Clemente No.53, Ponte San Pietro 24036 (BG) VAT Reg. No. 01573850516 | Tax ID No. 04552920482 REA [Administrative and Economic Index] BG 434483 | Share Capital € 4,000,000 fully paid up | Certified email:aruba@aruba.pec.it | Website aruba.it v.2.4_ASOn_21.03.2023 Privacy Policy ARUBA Privacy Policy for E-Security services / products In addition to the above, in the event of "E-Security" Services/ Products, such as Certified Email Service (PEC), Digital Signature, DocFly Substitute Storage and E-billing, SPID, Temporary Stamp, and Sim Card or Smart Card readers of the types presented at www.pec.it, the information required by law relating to the processing of personal data is provided below.ABOUT Joint Data Controllers Through its pro tempore legal representative, Aruba S.p.A., with registered office in Ponte San Pietro (BG) at Via San Clemente No. 53 Through its pro tempore legal representative, Aruba PEC S.p.A., with registered office in Ponte San Pietro (BG) at Via San Clemente No. 53 privacy@staff.aruba.it Data Protection Officer (DPO) dpo@staff.aruba.it WHAT DATA DO WE PROCESS? CATEGORY OF DATA EXAMPLES OF TYPES OF DATA Personal information Log Images and sounds Internet traffic Data Copy of identification document Applicant data and registration documents, qualification certificate data and data found in the qualification certificate Certified email messages log, Control Journal (Audit Log) Audio-video footage for remote visual identification Data processed for the purpose of the conveyance of a communication on an electronic communications network or for the billing thereof Privacy Policy for SSL Server and Code Signing Certificates In addition to the above, in the event of Services relating to the supply of SSL Server and Code Signing Certificates, the information required by law relating to the processing of personal data is provided below. ABOUT Joint Data Controllers Through its pro tempore legal representative, Aruba S.p.A., with registered office in Ponte San Pietro (BG) at Via San Clemente No. 53 Through its pro tempore legal representative, Actalis S.p.A., with registered office in Ponte San Pietro (BG) at Via San Clemente No. 53 privacy@staff.aruba.it Data Protection Officer (DPO) dpo@staff.aruba.it WHAT DATA DO WE PROCESS? CATEGORY OF DATA EXAMPLES OF TYPES OF DATA Personal information Requests to issue certificates and documents provided by the applicants, data contained in the qualified certificate, public keys provided by the applicants and personal information of the applicants and Data Controllers (in the event of being different parties); results of checks performed by the CA; Certificate suspension or revocation requests Log Originating IP addresses associated with compilation of the remote form and the logs on the associated transactions Aruba S.p.A. Via San Clemente No.53, Ponte San Pietro 24036 (BG) VAT Reg. No. 01573850516 | Tax ID No. 04552920482 REA [Administrative and Economic Index] BG 434483 | Share Capital € 4,000,000 fully paid up | Certified email:aruba@aruba.pec.it | Website aruba.it v.2.4_ASOn_21.03.2023