Privacy Policy Asianet eCAF Solution is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of user online. Asianet eCAF Solution collects personally identifiable data such as names, addresses and e-mail addresses that are voluntarily submitted by a user when he/she wishes to become a registered user of the services provided. Personal information collected is used in the following manner. One of the reasons to collect information from users registering on Asianet eCAF Solution is to customize the services at Asianet eCAF Solution. The more information the user volunteers the better the experience on Asianet eCAF Solution Personal information is used to deliver targeted advertisements to the user according to the specifications of the advertiser. This does not imply that the advertiser or any third party has access to the user's personal information. They will only receive aggregated user statistics (e.g. 60 % of our users are professionals). Asianet eCAF Solution will notify users prior to sharing the information collected with a partner of Asianet eCAF Solution or a sponsor of an event. You could choose not to allow that transfer by not using the service or by not participating in that particular event. Asianet eCAF Solution shall not reveal any personal information that users provide to us, to any third party without the users' permission, unless, Asianet eCAF Solution has a reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use, or may be causing injury to, or interfering with the rights or property of itself, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Asianet eCAF Solution may disclose or access account information when it believes in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services. Information provided by all Users needs to be true, accurate, current and complete as required by the registration form and promptly updated to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. The privacy policy covers exchanges of personally identifiable information within sites of Asianet eCAF Solution.Privacy Policy Asianet built the Asianet Employee Connect app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Asianet at no cost and is intended for use for internal purpose only . This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Asianet Employee Connect unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilising our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analysing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2020-07-31 Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at mobapps@ihitsindia.com