Privacy Policy Athom Privacy Policy This is the Privacy Policy of Athom B.V., based at Rigtersbleek-Zandvoort 10, 7521 BE Enschede, The Netherlands (" Athom "). It details which data Athom collects and uses, including personal data – which is data that identifies you, like your name, email address or invoice information. We design our product and services with your privacy in mind. Because we believe your home should be a safe place – your safe place. We take strict measures to protect the personal data we have about you, and will not sell it to third parties. We only use services from renowned third parties which have Data Processing Agreements in place, and which respect your privacy in the same way we do. At the same time, we keep the amount of personal data we process to a bare minimum. We do not collect the commands you give to Homey, nor do we log your sensor data. Because we believe in transparency, we have listed all our services, data usage goals and data collection below. As a company, Athom provides: a website that may be accessed at www.athom.com ( Website );applications for mobile devices to control your Homey ( Apps ); andservices accessible through the Website or Apps for users with an Athom account ( Web Services ), altogether referred to as the " Services " and all for use in conjunction with Athom's hardware product 'Homey' (" Homey ") and in other ways that Athom provides. This Privacy Policy may be updated over time. Users are advised to regularly review the Privacy Policy for possible updates. If you have a Homey account, we will notify you of any updates of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 1, 2019. This Privacy Policy can be stored or printed. 1 When is this Privacy Policy applicable? This Privacy Policy is applicable to and provides information on the processing by Athom of personal data of users of the Services and anyone who contacts Athom for any of the other purposes as set forth under 3 (For what purpose do we process your personal data?). 2 Who is the controller of your data? Athom is the controller for the processing of your personal data. Athom has notified the Dutch Data Protection Authority ( DDPA ) in The Hague of its processing of personal data. The notification indicates what data are processed by Athomand for what purpose, and to which persons or entities the data will be provided. 3 For what purpose do we process your personal data? (1) For ordering and delivering your product. What does this purpose entail? If you pre-order or purchase a product from our Website, we need your contact details to complete the transaction and deliver your product to you. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose, we process your name, email address, your shipping address, your bank account number, PayPal number or the last four digits of your credit card and whether you have paid for your product(s), the date of your order and the product number of your Homey. We do not process any other payment information ourselves. For payments, we use the services of the payment processor Adyen. For more information on how Adyen processes your payment information and applicable terms and conditions, please refer to their website . For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? Your data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (2) For product warranty on your Homey. What does this purpose entail? When your Homey does not function as it should and if this is attributable to us, we make sure that we repair or replace your Homey. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose we process your name, email address, address, the date of the order of your Homey and the product number of your Homey. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? Your data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (3) For creating and maintaining an Athom account What does this purpose entail? In order to set-up and use your Homey, the Web Services and the Apps, you need to create an Athom account that will be connected to your Homey. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose, we process your email address, password-hash and the product number of your Homey. If you choose to do so, you may also set a profile picture for your account and enter your name, gender and address information. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The personal data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (4) For running Apps and Services on Homey What does this purpose entail? In order to properly run services on your Homey, we need some information. Services include the weather forecast, automation or notifications. Which personal data do we process for this purpose?For this purpose, we process your IP Address, Geolocation (based on coordinates), Apps you have installed on your Homey, and the linked mobile devices in your Athom Account, as well as the email address associated with your Athom Account. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The personal data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (5) For sending you information about Homey and Athom. What does this purpose entail? We would like to keep you updated on our latest developments, events, news, vacancies and other opportunities and developments within Athom by email, social media or via the Services. If you would like to stay informed on these topics, you can indicate this by ticking the appropriate box before registering your account, subscribing on the Website, or when placing an order on the Website. Which personal data do we process for this purpose?  For this purpose we process your name, address (if needed), gender, purchase date, your email address, Apps installed on Homey, and an overview of which emails we have sent you. For what period do we retain your personal data? We retain your personal data for as long as you wish to receive information from Athom. In case you do not want to receive such emails, you can unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe option included in each email by Athom. We do not process al this data ourselves. Newsletter data is processed by Mailchimp, according to their Data Processing Agreement. (6) For authenticating you for login What does this purpose entail? If you want to control your Homey from the App or if you want to access the online environment for Homey (e.g. for adding devices to the structure in your home), you need to log in first via our servers for security reasons. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? Your email address and password-hash. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? We retain your personal data related to this session until authorization is complete, with a maximum of up to 5 minutes. (7) To command your Homey What does this purpose entail? If you use the App to give your Homey a command, this command will be led to your Homey via Athom's servers. Homey will then execute the command. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose we process the personal data under (3) For creating and maintaining an Athom account and your command. Also, a log file of all commands is stored locally on your Homey. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? We retain the information concerning your command until the command is confirmed, with a maximum of up to 5 minutes. (8) For the improvement of our products and services What does this purpose entail? Your Homey executes commands following algorithms developed by Athom. If you give your Homey a command by voice, Athom saves the audio files and the text file returned by the speech recognition operator in order to help improve its algorithms. Athom also aggregates your usage data with the data from other users, in order to improve our products and services. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose we collect aggregated data on the use of Homey. This includes the Apps installed on Homey and the devices linked to it. We also collect statistics on the usage of our App and Website. This includes visited pages, source, duration and other analytical information. These are anonymized until you give your explicit consent for identification. In that case also your IP address is stored. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. We do not process all of this data ourselves. In the case of explicit identification consent, Google Analytics also processes personal data, according to their Data Processing Agreement. (9) For answering your questions. What does this purpose entail? Via our Website, Web Services and App you can ask us questions. You may also be able to contact us by other means (such as email or telephone). In this case we will use your personal data to answer your question(s). Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose we process your name, your contact information, your correspondence with Athom about your question and all other personal data you provide us with and which is required to answer your question, which may include the product number of your Homey. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? Your data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. We do not process all of this data ourselves. In case of a support ticket, we use the services of Zendesk to help you, according to their Data Processing Agreement. (10) For business intelligence and marketing What does this purpose entail?We like to know what kind of users use Homey, so that we can adjust our services and tailor our marketing strategy accordingly. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose we process only the information that you provide us, which may or may not include date of birth, gender, payment information and date of order, address, installed devices and Apps, and aggregated usage data. We do not process data on individual actions you take or commands you send to Homey. We also collect statistics on the usage of our App and Website. This includes visited pages, source, duration and other analytical information. These are anonymized until you give your explicit consent for identification. In that case also your IP address is stored. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The personal data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (11) For participating in our prize contests, events, competitions, promotions and/or games of chance What does this purpose entail? To be able to organize prize contests, events, competitions, promotions and or games of chance and to announce its winners and measure the response, we process personal data, if you participate. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose we process your name, address, email address and payment information (if needed) with a unique ID. This unique ID may be your Facebook profile, Twitter Alias, Youtube account, or other identifier, dependent of the platform used by the contest. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The personal data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (12) For attribution of content you post What does this purpose entail? In order to correctly attribute you for the apps you post to the Homey app store, post on the Athom forums or other content in communication and content channels from Athom. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose, we process your account information (please refer to (3) For creating and maintaining an Athom account ), and any information or content that you post on the Homey app store, the Athom forums or other communication and content channels from Athom. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The personal data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data. (13) For bookkeeping What does this purpose entail? We save all the invoices we send to keep our books in a legal way. These might include personal information. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose, we process your name, address, VAT number, Chamber of Commerce number, order lines and date of orders. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? The personal data will be deleted from our systems once you request the deletion of that data, unless this prohibits us from meeting a legal obligation. We do not process all of this data ourselves. For bookkeeping, data is processed by Moneybird, according to their Data Processing Agreement. (14) For restoring your Homey data What does this purpose entail? In case your device gets bricked or reset, a stored back-up can revert your Homey to the state it was in before, so you don’t lose your setup. Which personal data do we process for this purpose? For this purpose, we process the information under (3) For creating and maintaining an Athom account , (4) For running Apps and Services on Homey , and all the usage data of your Homey, including installed Apps and their settings, the structure of your home and the scenarios you created for automating your home. For what period do we retain your personal data for this purpose? We create back-ups on a daily basis, or when you manually back-up your Homey. We retain the back-up until the next back-up is made, or until you request the deletion of this data. 4 Who has access to your data? Athom uses third parties for certain processing, such as the hosting and Analytics of our Website and servers, providing support, emailing newsletters and the processing of payments. With all these parties we have signed Data Processing Agreements as required under EU’s GDPR directive. These parties include: Google (Analytics) Amazon Web Services (Hosting) Adyen (Payments) Mailchimp (Newsletters) Zendesk (Support) Moneybird (Bookkeeping) Only if Athom is required to do so by law, your personal data will be provided to supervisory agencies, fiscal authorities and investigative agencies. Note that Athom does not have access to your history log or full sensor data, since those are only logged on your local device. 5 Which cookies does Athom use? The Website and App use cookies. A cookie is a small text file that we send to your internet browser so that we are able to recognise your browser when you return.Cookies can collect data on the use of the Website or App such as which pages are visited and the duration of a user session. When you use the Website or App, the cookie sends data to Athom. On the website, Athom always uses functional and analytical cookies. These cookies do not collect user data, but rather anonymous data in order for the website to function properly, and to make sure it stays functioning properly. These cookies include an anonymous visitor-counter and shopping cart functionality. Only after your explicit consent, the Website and App place tracking/identifying cookies. These cookies add unique user information to tailor the Website to your needs. Also, they might be used to target you with information about Athom or its products on other sites or platforms, and help Athom and possible third parties to characterize you as a user. Your choices: Only if you have given explicit prior consent, Athom places cookies that might identify you. If you do not consent to this, no identification will take place, and all data collected won’t be traceable back to you as a person. 6 How to treat links to other websites and social media? On the website you will find a number of links to other websites. Although these websites are selected with care, we are not responsible for the processing of your personal data through these websites. Athom Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy are therefore not applicable to the use of such websites. If you choose to share our Website through social media such as LinkedIn, Facebook and/or Twitter, your personal data (such as your name and the fact that you are interested in Athom) may also be visible to all the visitors of that social media platform. On the use of such social media websites only the terms and conditions (including the privacy policy) of the social media website apply. Athom is not responsible for the processing of personal data or the privacy policy of such social media websites. Athom Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy is therefore not applicable to the use of such websites. 7 May persons below the age of 16 provide personal data? Persons below the age of 16 may only provide personal data to Athom if they have written permission of one of their parents or their legal guardian who has read this Privacy Policy. 8 How do we secure the data? Your personal data are treated strictly confidential and Athom has taken the appropriate technical and organizational security measures against loss or unlawful processing of this data. To this purpose Athom uses several security techniques including secure servers, firewalls and encryption. 9 Who to address regarding questions and requests of access, removal etc. You can request access of the data that Athom processes about you at any time, and have these corrected or removed by sending a request to data@athom.comCookie Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more Homey Homey A better smart home starts with Homey. Start for Free Browse apps Homey Bridge Extend Homey with local smart home technologies. Homey Pro The world's most advanced smart home platform. Explore Homey Pro Browse apps Support Need Help? Knowledge Base Homey A better smart home starts with Homey. Start for Free No hardware required. Homey Bridge Extend Homey with local smart home technologies. Homey Pro The world's most advanced smart home platform. Explore Homey Pro Upgrade your smart home. Buy Homey Pro Order now. Apps Extend your Homey. Apps for Homey Official apps. Apps for Homey Pro Official & Community apps. Search Support We’re here to help. Knowledge Base Everything you need to know. Need Help? Let us guide you to the answer. News Stay up to date. Mid June Development Blog — Homey Pro (Early 2023) 2 months ago Start of May Development Blog — Homey Pro (Early 2023) 3 months ago Start of April Development Blog — Homey Pro (Early 2023) 4 months ago All articles Your cart Let's get shopping! Browse store Shipping Free Total Free Ship to: Checkout Europe Österreich Belgique België Schweiz Suisse Svizzera Deutschland Danmark España France United Kingdom Grønland Ireland Italia Nederland Norge Polska Sverige North America Canada (English) Canada (Français) México United States Oceania Australia New Zealand Buy Welcome ! My account My orders My subscriptions My backups My devices Web App Mobile App Logout No search results were found. IntroDevicesFlowAppsEnergyInsightsPrivacyFamilyVoice AssistantsWidgetsReviewsCompare Homey Control, automate and monitoryour entire smart home in one app. Discover the world's most easy to use,privacy-first smart home platform. Start for Free Homey Free up to 5 devicesThen $ 2.99/mo Homey Bridge Sold separately for $ 69 Homey Pro The world's most advancedsmart home platform. Everything local. No subscriptions.Uncompromised performance. Buy Homey Pro Homey Pro One-time $ 399 Compare Homey Control, automate and monitoryour entire smart home in one app. Start for free. Upgrade to Premium for $ 2.99/mo. Extend with Homey Bridge for $ 69. Get the App Homey Pro The world's most advancedsmart home platform. Everything local. No subscriptions.One-time purchase at $ 399. Explore Homey Pro Scroll to discover all about Homey. Got three minutes? Watch the video Control all your devices from your phone, tablet or desktop. Your entire smart home in one place. Access Homey from anywhere in the world and control all your devices from one central place. Philips Hue Go Fibaro Motion Sensor Plugwise Energy Monitor Sonos One IKEA Trådfri E27 Rituals Perfume Genie Honeywell Thermostat Netatmo Home Coach Nuki Smart Lock Beautiful controls for any device. Great looking controls for all devices, no matter the brand.Make it a joy to play with your smart home. Thermostat 17.0º Cooling down towards Heating towards 19.5º Current temperature Light Sensors 21.6 ºC Temperature 498 ppm CO2 57 % Humidity 43 dB Noise 1006 mbar Pressure Yes Motion Alarm Lock Media Nelis Young Better Together Plugs Blinds Pair and Play. Homey automatically detects most of your devices at home. Simply search for your brand, press a button or two — and you're ready to play. Automate just about anything with Flow. Your home.Your rules. Flows are your superpower to automate your entire home. Simply mix and match the right Flow cards to create something new. When... Xiaomi Door Sensor The door opens And... Date & Time It's after sunset Then... Philips Hue Light Turn on There’s a Flow card for that. Every device and app adds new Flow cards to the mix. All it takes to automate your home is selecting the right cards for your use case. Customize your Flow cards. Your home is unique, and so are your Flows. Customize any Flow card to fit your exact needs. Spotify Play a playlist ... Playlist Easy on Sunday Today’s hits Songs to sing in the car Tropical vibes Speech Say text Local Tags Name e.g. John Doe Weather Weather Clouds Temperature (Cº) 21,5 Humidity (%) 86 Pressure (bar) 1021 Philips Hue Bloom Set the brightness to Brightness Brightness Everyday Flows from Homey users. My Sonos does more than play music. Story by Victor H. Just a simple Flow for my peace of mind. Story by Alexander S. Yep, I’m in a wheelchair. Story by Véronique R. For me saving energy is just another extra. Story by Janny R. I have a Flow called Sexy Time. Story by Anonymous My Sonos does more than play music. “I work upstairs, so I created a Flow to play a doorbell sound on my Sonos speakers when the doorbell rings. My LIFX also blinks shortly, for when I'm listening with headphones.” Victor H. Denmark When... Netatmo — Front Door The doorbell rings Then... Sonos — Office Play doorbell sound LIFX Candle — Office Blink the lights Just a simple Flow for my peace of mind. “As a filmmaker, I’ve got a lot of valuable stuff at home. Although it’s safely stored, I still want to receive a message when someone enters my home when I’m not there.” Alexander S. Sweden When... Fibaro Motion Sensor - Hallway Motion is detected And... Presence Nobody is home Then... Push Notification Send suspicious movement detected! to Alexander Yep, I’m in a wheelchair. “After my car accident, many daily tasks became quite challenging. Being able to control everything in and around the house from my phone is a lifesaver for me. One of many everyday examples, is that I don’t struggle anymore to open the curtains.” Véronique R. France When... Date & Time It's after sunrise Then... Somfy Smart Curtains — Living Room Open the curtains For me saving energy is just another extra “I bought Homey to create cozy moods for when my friends come over. But now that I have it, I’m discovering more possibilities every day. With just a simple Flow I’m always sure that my devices are turned off when I leave home.” Janny R. United Kingdom When... Presence The last person leaves home Then... Home Turn All Devices off Anna Thermostat Set the temperature to 16ºC I have a Flow called Sexy Time. “Does this really need an explanation?” Anonymous The Netherlands When... Aqara Wireless Mini Switch — Bedroom The button is pushed Then... Sonos One — Bedroom Play You Can Leave Your Hat On Philips Hue GU10 — Bedroom Set color to Rituals Perfume Diffuser — Bedroom Turn on Start Today. It's Free! Download the app and experience Homey for yourself.You can start for free, after all. 750+ apps let you do more with Homey. line app line flow line device line flow line device line flow line app line flow line app line device line flow line device line flow line device line flow 586 W Fibaro Wall Plug Fibaro Motion Sensor Fibaro Smoke Sensor Philips Hue Bloom Philips Hue White & Color Fibaro Wall Plug The power changed Fibaro Motion Sensor The luminance changed Fibaro Smoke Sensor The smoke alarm turned on Twitter Tweet Status Philips Hue Bloom Set the color to ... Philips Hue White & Color Blink the light Philips Hue Set the scene to Scene Extend Homey by installing apps. Apps can be installed on Homey, just like you do on a smartphone. Every brand has its own app. Apps teach Homey how to talk to the devices of that brand. Apps also add Flow cards for new functionality. Philips Hue Iris Philips Hue White & Color Philips Hue Motion Sensor New Apps.New functionality. Apps are updated often, and new apps ensure a future full of new functionality. Philips Hue Iris — Living Room Dim to 80% Philips Hue Iris — Living Room Blink the lights Philips Hue Iris — Living Room Set color to Find all apps in the Homey App Store The Homey App Store offers apps for all the brands you love. Not only for your smart home devices, but also services like Twitter and Discord. Store Popular apps Philips Hue Transform the way you experience light Fibaro Your home is your castle IKEA Trådfri Create the right atmosphere for every mood Sonos A Better Way to Listen HomeyScript Script your Home Top 5 security Nuki Keyless electronic door lock for smart access Danalock Let Homey control your Danalock locks Eufy Security Smart Home Simplified Frient High-quality sensors, alarms, and smart plugs Foscam Away from home, close to home Staff picks Spotify Listening is everything Tibber Be in charge of your household energy INNR Anyone can be smart with Innr - The Comfort of Smart lighting for Everyone. Aqara & Xiaomi A different kind of Smart Home solution Google Chromecast A smart way to stream your content Top 5 Climate Netatmo Same home, just smarter. tado° Adds support for tado° Rituals... Your home never smelled smarter. Heatit Z-Wave Innovative range of heating control products for smart homes. Danfoss Danfoss products support for Homey Real-time insight into your energy usage. Save energy without changing habits. With Homey's detailed energy monitoring, you can save money on your electricity bill and live more sustainably in one go. Combine with Flow to automatically turn off all devices when the last person left the house. Solar Panels When you have solar panels, the outer ring shows their energy yield, relative to your home's usage. Smart Meter When you have a smart meter, Homey calculates what you're not measuring yet. Very useful to find all standby consumers. 241 W Living Room 600 W Solar Panels 195 Living Room 241 Kitchen 193 Utilities 87 Dining 54 Hallway 25 Other 325 Measuring your energy usage. Smart Plugs Smart plugs measure any device’s energy usage by placing it between the power socket and the device. Smart plugs can be used for single devices or device groups. Fibaro Smart plug Approximations Homey knows in realtime when a device is turned on and off. When it also knows the device's standby- and on-usage, Homey can approximate the energy usage through interpolation. 6.5 off 0.5 Philips Hue Iris on 12.5 Never run out of batteries again. All battery-powered devices are listed with their realtime status and battery model in the Homey app. Automatically get notified when your device almost runs out of batteries, and know which ones to get. Fibaro Keyfob 1x CR2450 10% Fibaro Motion Sensor 1x CR123A 42% Ikea Dimmmer 1x CR2032 86% Spirit Thermostat 2x AA 100% Monitor your home with Homey Insights. Your home in charts. Your devices gather a lot of valuable information.Homey Insights collects this data and beautifully presents it in one place. Netatmo Station Weather Outside 15 Aug 2023 9:08 22.1 Netatmo Station 20.9 Weather Outside Netatmo Station Living Room Temperature Weather Outside Temperature Knowledge is power. Use Insights to save energy, improve the air quality, or even to nurture your plants better.However you plan to use Insights, you'll know you've got all the data. Thermostat Kitchen BatteryLuminanceTemperature Motion Sensor Hallway Air pressureHumidityTemperature Netatmo Living Room CO2HumidityNoisePressureTemperaturePower Usage Temperature UV Strength CO Power Luminance Heat Impact Noise Pressure CO2 Smoke Gas Battery Humidity Wind Angle Wind Strength Rain Temperature UV Strength CO Power Luminance Heat Impact Noise Pressure CO2 Smoke Gas Battery Humidity Wind Angle Wind Strength Rain Privacy is built in. Secure by design. 1 Your data is not our business. We don’t sell data nor serve ads. Your data is yours. Always. 2 Intruders are kept outside. Sandboxed Apps, Penetration Tests and Bug Bounties help ensure your home’s security. 3 Simply an honest purchase. Asking money challenges us to create the best product for you. It's that simple. A Full House. With Family Sharing. Users & Roles. Assign family members and friends as manager, user or guest to determine who controls what — and when.You can even create Flows to grant temporary access to guests — for example when you're on holiday, or for a cleaner. Dad Owner Mom Manager Daughter User Son User Housemaid Guest Start Flows from anywhere. Anytime. Anyplace. Upgrade your voice assistant. Voice assistants are great, but they can be limited. Connecting Homey lets you start Flows, and control many more devices. Widgets for iOS and Android. Your favorite Flows in widgets on both Android and iOS. You can even use Siri Shortcuts to start favorite Flows through HomePod with your voice. Security mode 👾 BBQ Cocktail time 🍹 Favorite flows Movie time 🍿 Cozy mood ✨ Good morning 🌅 Good night 🌙 Start favorite Flows with Apple Watch. Your favorite Flows are just a tap away on Apple Watch. James Bond would be jealous. Homey 15:00 Party time 🎉 Movie time 🍿 Cozy mood ✨ Good morning 🌅 Good night 🌙 Security mode 👾 Proud to be in 200.000+ happy homes. Pure delight Coming from Home Assistant, this is pure delight. No more corrupt SD cards or endless fiddling with my Raspberry Pi to get it right. — Peter P. Reviewed on App Store Very satisfied I've had Homey Pro for almost a year now and I'm very satisfied! Simply great, many devices are integrated and easy to use. I'm not the great programmer, so at this point a big thank you to EVERYONE who is involved and who keep everything up to date. Thank you !!! — Spirit12 Reviewed on Play Store Good compatibility Very good compatibility of the Homey Pro with the different protocols. — Cyril Frostat Reviewed on Trustpilot Simple & Advanced Simple and easy-to-use home automation. Despite the simplicity, the possibility of advanced control has not been missed. Can be used to turn on/off lamps as well as to optimise electricity use and heating. — Anonymous Reviewed on Trustpilot Saved my basement Homey and Fibaro Flood Sensor saved my basement this weekend when the washing machine was not correctly closed. Got the alarm on Homey. — Carsten S. Reviewed on App Store Works fantastic Works absolutely fantastically well and in general I am super happy with both the app and Homey Pro Well done 👍 — Jan German Reviewed on Play Store Connects all systems Great when it comes to connecting all systems (KNX, Philips Hue, Ikea, Daiking etc.) — Harald Wurzer Reviewed on Play Store Very easy Very easy to add devices and Flows, 5 stars from me. — Chris Gullvang Reviewed on Play Store Reliable System Reliable System, almost 3 years of running time now, without any hick-ups or bugs. It controls/monitors approx. 50 led-lights and 30 pc of other hardware (switches, sensors, thermostats etc.) — Simen Ringstad Reviewed on Play Store Perfect Perfect product for controlling the home. — Gunnar Mosling Reviewed on Play Store Homey is King Had Homey for a week or so, and gotta say - this is the king, the champion and industry-leader of smart home systems.Beats both my previous systems (Norwegian Company Futurehome, and Smartthings) in reliability, responsiveness and general user experience. Even at 125 units (and counting) it just works… and the ‘death star’ is even a centrepiece on my tv-shelf. — Ørjan A Nielsen Reviewed on App Store Addicted Homey really got me addicted to smart home. Always on the lookout for new smart home products since I bought Homey. — Kyle P. Reviewed on Play Store Pure delight Coming from Home Assistant, this is pure delight. No more corrupt SD cards or endless fiddling with my Raspberry Pi to get it right. — Peter P. Reviewed on App Store Very satisfied I've had Homey Pro for almost a year now and I'm very satisfied! Simply great, many devices are integrated and easy to use. I'm not the great programmer, so at this point a big thank you to EVERYONE who is involved and who keep everything up to date. Thank you !!! — Spirit12 Reviewed on Play Store Good compatibility Very good compatibility of the Homey Pro with the different protocols. — Cyril Frostat Reviewed on Trustpilot Simple & Advanced Simple and easy-to-use home automation. Despite the simplicity, the possibility of advanced control has not been missed. Can be used to turn on/off lamps as well as to optimise electricity use and heating. — Anonymous Reviewed on Trustpilot Saved my basement Homey and Fibaro Flood Sensor saved my basement this weekend when the washing machine was not correctly closed. Got the alarm on Homey. — Carsten S. Reviewed on App Store Works fantastic Works absolutely fantastically well and in general I am super happy with both the app and Homey Pro Well done 👍 — Jan German Reviewed on Play Store Connects all systems Great when it comes to connecting all systems (KNX, Philips Hue, Ikea, Daiking etc.) — Harald Wurzer Reviewed on Play Store Very easy Very easy to add devices and Flows, 5 stars from me. — Chris Gullvang Reviewed on Play Store Reliable System Reliable System, almost 3 years of running time now, without any hick-ups or bugs. It controls/monitors approx. 50 led-lights and 30 pc of other hardware (switches, sensors, thermostats etc.) — Simen Ringstad Reviewed on Play Store Perfect Perfect product for controlling the home. — Gunnar Mosling Reviewed on Play Store Homey is King Had Homey for a week or so, and gotta say - this is the king, the champion and industry-leader of smart home systems. Beats both my previous systems (Norwegian Company Futurehome, and Smartthings) in reliability, responsiveness and general user experience. Even at 125 units (and counting) it just works… and the ‘death star’ is even a centrepiece on my tv-shelf. — Ørjan A Nielsen Reviewed on App Store Addicted Homey really got me addicted to smart home. Always on the lookout for new smart home products since I bought Homey. — Kyle P. Reviewed on Play Store Pure delight Coming from Home Assistant, this is pure delight. No more corrupt SD cards or endless fiddling with my Raspberry Pi to get it right. — Peter P. Reviewed on App Store Very satisfied I've had Homey Pro for almost a year now and I'm very satisfied! Simply great, many devices are integrated and easy to use. I'm not the great programmer, so at this point a big thank you to EVERYONE who is involved and who keep everything up to date. Thank you !!! — Spirit12 Reviewed on Play Store Good compatibility Very good compatibility of the Homey Pro with the different protocols. — Cyril Frostat Reviewed on Trustpilot Simple & Advanced Simple and easy-to-use home automation. Despite the simplicity, the possibility of advanced control has not been missed. Can be used to turn on/off lamps as well as to optimise electricity use and heating. — Anonymous Reviewed on Trustpilot Saved my basement Homey and Fibaro Flood Sensor saved my basement this weekend when the washing machine was not correctly closed. Got the alarm on Homey. — Carsten S. Reviewed on App Store Works fantastic Works absolutely fantastically well and in general I am super happy with both the app and Homey Pro Well done 👍 — Jan German Reviewed on Play Store Connects all systems Great when it comes to connecting all systems (KNX, Philips Hue, Ikea, Daiking etc.) — Harald Wurzer Reviewed on Play Store Very easy Very easy to add devices and Flows, 5 stars from me.— Chris Gullvang Reviewed on Play Store Reliable System Reliable System, almost 3 years of running time now, without any hick-ups or bugs. It controls/monitors approx. 50 led-lights and 30 pc of other hardware (switches, sensors, thermostats etc.) — Simen Ringstad Reviewed on Play Store Perfect Perfect product for controlling the home. — Gunnar Mosling Reviewed on Play Store Homey is King Had Homey for a week or so, and gotta say - this is the king, the champion and industry-leader of smart home systems. Beats both my previous systems (Norwegian Company Futurehome, and Smartthings) in reliability, responsiveness and general user experience. Even at 125 units (and counting) it just works… and the ‘death star’ is even a centrepiece on my tv-shelf. — Ørjan A Nielsen Reviewed on App Store Addicted Homey really got me addicted to smart home. Always on the lookout for new smart home products since I bought Homey. — Kyle P. Reviewed on Play Store Choose your Homey. Whether you prefer a subscription or a one-time purchase,there's always a Homey for you. Homey $ 2.99/mo Homey Pro $ 399 Connect 50.000+ devices Connect 50.000+ devices Mobile App Mobile App Web App Web App Google Assistant Google Assistant Amazon Alexa Amazon Alexa Flow Flow Advanced Flow Advanced Flow Energy Energy Insights Insights Logic & Variables Logic & Variables Bluetooth With Homey Bridge Bluetooth Built-in Zigbee With Homey Bridge Zigbee Built-in Z-Wave With Homey Bridge Z-Wave Built-in Infrared With Homey Bridge Infrared Built-in 433 MHz With Homey Bridge 433 MHz Built-in — Thread Built-in — Matter Built-in — Experiments — Local Wi-Fi — HomeyScript — Community Apps Explore Homey Pro Start for free Homey Homey Pro $ 2.99/mo $ 399 = With Homey Bridge Start for free Explore Homey Pro Get started. A world of smart home awesomeness lies ahead. Get Homey Pro now. Connect unlimited devices with Homey Automate your home with Flow Monitor your home Choose your Homey. Whether you prefer a subscription or a one-time purchase,there's always a Homey for you. Homey $ 2.99/mo Homey Pro $ 399 Connect 50.000+ devices Connect 50.000+ devices Mobile App Mobile App Web App Web App Google Assistant Google Assistant Amazon Alexa Amazon Alexa Flow Flow Advanced Flow Advanced Flow Energy Energy Insights Insights Logic & Variables Logic & Variables Bluetooth With Homey Bridge Bluetooth Built-in Zigbee With Homey Bridge Zigbee Built-in Z-Wave With Homey Bridge Z-Wave Built-in Infrared With Homey Bridge Infrared Built-in 433 MHz With Homey Bridge 433 MHz Built-in — Thread Built-in — Matter Built-in — Experiments — Local Wi-Fi — HomeyScript — Community Apps Explore Homey Pro Start for free Homey Homey Pro $ 2.99/mo $ 399 = With Homey Bridge Start for free Explore Homey Pro Start today for free https://get.homey.app Start today for free 1. Get the app Go to the App/Play Store to download the Homey app. Use your mobile device to scan the QR-code above and download the Homey app. 2. Create account Ensure you’re logged in or create a new account. Brands Company Developers Partners Community Learn Sign up for the Homey newsletter Follow us on social media Copyright © 2023 Athom B.V. – All rights reserved Privacy and Cookie Notice | Terms and Conditions