We value your privacy By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy Privacy preference center Manage consent settings Necessary cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference cookies Preference cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region that you are in. De-selecting these cookies may result in improper functionality and setting of the website. Performance cookies Performance cookies Performance cookies help us improve our website by analyzing how visitors use it and interact with it. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-designed content and slow site performance. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. Targeting cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Carriers, investors, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Search BlogsAvast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Best point of reference about cyber attacks Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community Select region Security Privacy Performance Security Privacy Performance English Security Privacy Performance English Menu academy Security Privacy Performance English Security Malware Viruses Ransomware Phishing Scams Hacking Other Threats Passwords Business Security Tips Privacy Browser IP Address VPN Streaming Identity Protection Dark Web Digital Life Privacy Tips Performance Speed Cleaning Gaming Hardware Software Drivers Performance Tips Select language English Čeština Deutsch Español Français Italiano 日本語 Polski Português Русский Privacy Safeguard your privacy and freedom online with our expert guides.Learn how to use a VPN and other tools to shut down targeted ads, block invasive tracking, and protect your data. Browser IP Address VPN Streaming Identity Protection Dark Web Digital Life Privacy Tips Privacy Browser IP Address VPN Streaming Identity Protection Dark Web Digital Life Privacy Tips Tags What's New on Avast Academy Security Privacy Performance Free Privacy Tools Australia VPN Servers UK VPN Servers USA VPN Servers Download Avast SecureLine PC VPN for Free Avast SecureLine VPN Reviews and Ratings Download Avast SecureLine VPN for iOS Download Avast SecureLine VPN for Mac Download Avast SecureLine VPN for Android For Home For Business For Partners Company 1988-2023 Copyright Avast Software s.r.o.We value your privacy By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy Privacy preference center Manage consent settings Necessary cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference cookies Preference cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region that you are in. De-selecting these cookies may result in improper functionality and setting of the website. Performance cookies Performance cookies Performance cookies help us improve our website by analyzing how visitors use it and interact with it. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-designed content and slow site performance. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. Targeting cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We’re sorry, your browser appears to be outdated.To see the content of this webpage correctly, please update to the latest version or install a new browser for free, such as Avast Secure Browser or Google Chrome . NortonLifeLock and Avast have merged. Introducing Gen™:A newly formed company with the single purpose to power Digital Freedom Learn more Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Careers, investors, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Security New Looking for a product for your device? Free Antivirus for PC , Free Security for Android , Free Security for Mac , Free Security for iPhone/iPad Looking for a product for your device? Privacy Performance New Products Not sure which solution is right for your business? Help me choose Business partners Become a partner Partner locator Resources Trials Smart Life Mobile Security VPN Threat Intelligence Knowledge Center About Avast Careers Privacy Digital trust Press center Investors Our story Investors Awards Diversity & Inclusion Contact us BlogsAvast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community Avast Research Lab Explore more about AI in cybersecurity List of available regions Main regions Your privacy is a fundamental human right. We’re committed to protecting it — Ondrej Vlcek, President at Gen* *Avast is a Gen company. Our privacy commitment to you At Avast, our mission is to ensure everyone can be free and safe online. The most important way we do this is by making products that help protect your privacy and security. Privacy is a core value for Avast, and providing you with control over your online privacy is one of our main jobs. We are also committed to responsible data practices in our business. From our base in the European Union, we operate under world-leading, user-centric privacy and data protection standards — and we apply them to our customers worldwide. Our privacy values Our users entrust us with their data in order to enhance online privacy and security. We take this responsibility seriously.To meet our commitment to privacy as a fundamental right, globally, we design and operate our products guided by a set of values which we think of as our ‘privacy rule of THUMB’ . T — Transparency If we need to collect personal data (and we try to avoid it where we can), we’ll explain clearly why and how it will be used. H — High Security Any data we do need to process will be protected by the highest security standards. We’ll also give you the tools to keep your files, data, and browsing habits secure anywhere. U — User Control We want to put you in control of how your data is used, via easy-to-use tools. This goes for your interactions with Avast, as well as with anyone else in the digital world. M — Minimization We’ll only use the minimum amount of data needed for a specific purpose. We won’t collect or store your personal data ‘just in case’ it comes in handy later. B — Benefit When we do collect data, we will use it to benefit you by making your online experience better, such as by improving our online threat detection and prevention capabilities. Learn more about Avast and privacy We’ve prepared in-depth articles to arm you with knowledge that can help you further protect your online privacy. Check out Avast's Privacy Blogs and Expert Guides Avast Privacy blogs privacy Expert GUIDES Advocacy for Digital Freedom and Privacy What types of data do we collect, and how do we use them? Below are the main categories of data that we collect and what we use them for: 1. Avast account data Account data helps us manage your account, facilitate your login to the service, and tells us how to reach you. It includes information needed to set up and customize an account, such as your email address and username, and information connected with our services, such as license keys. Some products, such as free antivirus, do not require setting up an Avast account. 2. Product data Product data helps us get smarter about how to keep you safe. This includes: 3. Billing data Billing data includes your name, email address, masked credit card number, license information, and in certain circumstances, your billing address and your phone number. We use it to send you purchase receipts, process payment and billing records, and to check for renewal, validity, and customer support. Billing data is collected only for paid apps. For a complete list of the types of data we process and the purposes we use them for, you can check out our Privacy Policy . Information on how we respond to government information requests can be found in our Transparency Report . How does data enable safety and security online? Cybersecurity expertise Next generation AI technology Giving you control of your digital identity Today’s online world requires us to share our personal information and private data with countless websites, apps, and digital services. Avast believes that everybody should have confidence that their online identity is safe and secure. We build services that help you take control of your digital identity, so that it’s you, not big tech companies, that decides how your personal information is shared. Discover how Avast is putting digital identity services at the heart of our mission to protect your digital freedom. Learn more Products that put you in charge of your privacy We build all our products in line with the privacy commitment and principles discussed above. That said, Avast also designs privacy products that specifically empower users to take control over their online privacy, no matter who they’re dealing with online. Avast SecureLine VPN Avast Secure Browser Avast AntiTrack Avast BreachGuard Enjoy online freedom and privacy with a VPN Discover product Show less Show more In a world where it’s essential to be connected to work, play, and communicate, you shouldn't have to worry about your activity being watched or critical data about your behavior being shared with others. Whether at home or on public Wi-Fi, Avast SecureLine VPN encrypts your internet connection with the click of a button, securing your connection and preventing employers, advertisers, governments, and internet providers from seeing what you do online. Browse faster, safer, and without ads or trackers Discover product Show less Show more Avast Secure Browser includes several layers of privacy protection that mask your digital identity while you browse. This prevents websites from identifying you online and blocks third parties from tracking your data and activity.Secure Browser also gives you a faster browsing experience by automatically blocking ads to improve website load time. Additionally, built-in security protects your data from hackers, prevents malicious downloads, and ensures websites encrypt your data. We’ll also alert you if your login credentials are ever compromised. Disguise your online identity with AntiTrack Discover product Show less Show more Your online habits can be tracked to create a digital ‘fingerprint’ made up of everything from your search history to the goods you’ve bought and the places you traveled. This highly sensitive information may be sold to third parties who can use it to target you with ads or even raise prices on products they know you will be interested in. Avast AntiTrack gives you greater online privacy by disguising your digital fingerprint to keep your true identity private and exposing and blocking attempts to track you. Protect your personal information from being exploited online Discover product Show less Show more Avast BreachGuard provides the following services: Privacy Policy Transparency Report For any inquiries relating to Avast’s privacy practices, please contact dpo@avast.com Avast recommends using the FREE Chrome™ internet browser. Download Chrome Close Almost done! Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file below and following the instructions. Need Help? Please call 855-745-3255 Click this file to start installing Avast United States (English)We value your privacy By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy Privacy preference center Manage consent settings Necessary cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference cookies Preference cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region that you are in. De-selecting these cookies may result in improper functionality and setting of the website. Performance cookies Performance cookies Performance cookies help us improve our website by analyzing how visitors use it and interact with it. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-designed content and slow site performance. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. Targeting cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label NortonLifeLock and Avast have merged. Introducing Gen™: A newly formed company with the single purpose to power Digital Freedom Learn More >Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Careers, investors, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Security Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Premium Security Complete protection against all internet threats Ultimate Our best security, privacy, and performance apps in one package Looking for a product for your device? Free Antivirus for PC , Free Security for Android , Free Security for Mac , Free Security for iPhone/iPad Looking for a product for your device? Privacy SecureLine VPN Encrypt your connection to stay safe on public networks AntiTrack Disguise your digital fingerprint to avoid personalized ads Secure Browser Enjoy safer browsing that’s up to 4x faster BreachGuard Protect your personal info from being exposed and sold Performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Driver Updater Automatically update drivers with a single click Battery Saver Maximize your battery life Store Home Support Store Account Solutions Not sure which solution is right for your business?Help me choose Business partners Resources Trials Store Home Contact sales Support Store Account Smart Life Mobile Security VPN Threat Intelligence Knowledge Center About Avast Careers Privacy Press center Investors Our story Investors Awards Diversity & Inclusion Contact us BlogsAvast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community List of available regions Main regions AMERICAS EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA ASIA & PACIFIC Do Not Sell or Share My Info | Avast As the world’s most trusted antivirus software company, we are 100% committed to our customers, which is why we want to take the time to explain exactly what the “Do Not Sell or Share My Info” link on Avast webpages and apps means. September 15, 2021 How Can You Instruct Us Not to Sell or Share Your Information? There are several ways in which you can do this. First, there is this cookie settings: You can also easily access these settings at any time by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” in the footer of our websites. Another way in which you can communicate your cookie preferences to us is change the cookie settings in your browser. To specifically request that we do not “sell” or share your personal information in situations that do not involve cookies, you can use our online form at https://support.avast.com/en-ww/contact/dsr or send your requests to dpo@avast.com. Please note, however, that we do not maintain the data in a manner that would allow us to link the information to your email, so we are not able to opt you out directly. Why Do We Provide the “Do Not Sell or Share” Link? If you are a California resident, the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) provides you with the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information. Under the CCPA, “personal information” includes information that is not necessarily tied to your identity as an individual directly, but may be associated with your device. This covers identifiers such as IP addresses, web cookies, web beacons and mobile Ad IDs, among others. In many cases, this type of information is not associated with you, but there are unique identifiers that could be. Similarly, the term “sell” is defined to include not just selling in exchange for money, but also sharing or transferring personal information (including information that does not directly identify an individual as described above) in exchange for anything of value, which covers a much broader set of situations and types of exchanges. At the same time, certain things are not considered “sales,” such as cases when the consumer has directed a company to disclose the personal information (“consumer directed exception”) or the information of the consumer is transferred as part of a merger, acquisition , bankruptcy or other similar transaction that results in an effective change of control (“change of control’). Furthermore, there are also certain things that are not considered “sharing”, such as the cases of (1) a consumer directed exception, (2) the transfer or sharing of the personal information is with a service provider or a contractor (the “service provider exception”), or (3) change of control, to name a few. Do We “Sell” or "Share" Your Personal Information? As a matter of general practice, we do not sell information that directly identifies you, like your name, address, or email. Under the service provider exception discussed above, we share some of your personal information with our service providers, whom we bind by contract to use the information solely to provide a service for us or on our behalf (for example, we use partners to provide technical support), or in the limited additional circumstances outlined in our Privacy Policy (such as for the purpose of processing payments preventing fraud or to comply with the law). However, the CPRA’s broad definitions of “personal information” , “sale” and "sharing with third parties" may deem the common flow of information in the digital analytics and advertising ecosystem to be a sale. Like most companies that operate commercial websites and apps, we utilize online analytics to measure the ways users engage with our websites and apps.The insights these analytical tools provide then in turn, inform how we detect and fix bugs, measure usage of our website and apps to better understand how users interact with them and perform online advertising. In order to conduct these analyses and to facilitate online advertising, we contract with parties that collect device identifiers and place tags, cookies, beacons, and similar tracking mechanisms on our own websites/apps as well as the websites/apps of other parties. For instance, we may request that an advertising partner facilitate the placement of our ads on a particular website after a consumer has previously visited our websites. That partner would generally do this by placing a cookie on a user’s browser, which can then identify when a consumer uses the same browser to visit other websites. Similarly, where our websites or apps provide space for advertisements, this partner may use identifiers, such as cookies for websites or a device’s AdID for mobile apps, to facilitate real-time bidding by advertisers. On mobile apps, you can opt out of this processing by upgrading to a paid version of the same product or by uninstalling the product. Please note that on our websites, regardless of your choice concerning the use of your personal information, you will still see some advertising when such advertising does not involve the sale of your personal information. Where we can reasonably ensure via contract that the parties described above can and will use a cookie or a device identifier solely to provide the specific service we have requested, and that they will not use or share the data for other purposes, we will not deem that sharing a “sale.” In most cases, we’ve determined that our data analytics providers that measure the ways users engage with our websites and apps meet this standard and, accordingly, we will not block the sharing of an identifier with those service providers, even when you choose to opt out through the “Do Not Sell” link. In some cases, though, we are not in complete control of how such identifiers are ultimately used by certain parties (for example, this sometimes happens in the online advertising ecosystem). As a result, when we have a case like this, we can’t determine that the sharing of information with these parties falls within the service provider exception under the law and we will treat that scenario as a “sale” or, as the case may be, as “sharing with third parties”. How Do We Maintain your “Do Not Sell or Share” Choice? For our websites, if you set a “Do Not Sell or Share” preference (via the cookie setting) that preference is specific to the site that you are visiting. Please be aware that the setting will work only if your browser is set to accept cookies. Likewise, if you clear your browser cookies, the cookie-based “Do Not Sell or Share” setting will be erased, and you will need to reset the setting. For Android mobile apps, which do not use cookies but mobile Advertising IDs, your Advertising ID can be reset or, in some versions, turned off. On iOS, your Advertising IDs can be turned off. You can change your preferences and set the local “Do Not Sell or Share” by accessing the system settings. The setting should remain until you specifically change it or clear app data on your device— but you should check the setting regularly to ensure it reflects your current choice. Please review our Privacy Policy for a more detailed description of how we collect, use, and share the personal information of California residents in operating our business, your privacy rights as a California resident and how to exercise the other rights you have as a California resident. For Home For Business For Partners Company 1988-2021 Copyright Avast Software s.r.o. We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your repeat visits and preferences, to measure the effectiveness of campaigns, and improve our websites. For settings and more information about cookies, view our Cookie Policy . By clicking “I accept” on this banner or using our site, you consent to the use of cookies. I ACCEPTWe value your privacy By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy Privacy preference center Manage consent settings Necessary cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference cookies Preference cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region that you are in. De-selecting these cookies may result in improper functionality and setting of the website. Performance cookies Performance cookies Performance cookies help us improve our website by analyzing how visitors use it and interact with it. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-designed content and slow site performance. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. Targeting cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label >Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Careers, investors, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Security Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Free Antivirus Basic protection for all your devices Premium Security Complete protection against all internet threats Ultimate Our best security, privacy, and performance apps in one package Looking for a product for your device? Free Antivirus for PC , Free Security for Android , Free Security for Mac , Free Security for iPhone/iPad Looking for a product for your device? Privacy SecureLine VPN Encrypt your connection to stay safe on public networks AntiTrack Disguise your digital fingerprint to avoid personalized ads Secure Browser Enjoy safer browsing that’s up to 4x faster BreachGuard Protect your personal info from being exposed and sold Performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Driver Updater Automatically update drivers with a single click Battery Saver Maximize your battery life Store Home Support Store Account Solutions Not sure which solution is right for your business?Help me choose Business partners Resources Trials Store Home Contact sales Support Store Account Smart Life Mobile Security VPN Threat Intelligence Knowledge Center About Avast Careers Privacy Blog Avast News Business Security Covid-19 Scams Diversity & Inclusion Elders Privacy Sandwich Generation Security News Threat Research Tips & Advice Press center Investors Our story Investors Awards Diversity & Inclusion Contact us BlogsAvast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community List of available regions Main regions AMERICAS EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA ASIA & PACIFIC Sections Allbusiness securityAvast NewsSecurity NewsTips & AdviceViewpointsPrivacyThreat ResearchDiversity & InclusionDiversity & InclusionBlog AuthorsVisit Avast website Sections Avast NewsBusiness SecurityCovid-19 ScamsDiversity & InclusionEldersPrivacySandwich GenerationSecurity NewsThreat ResearchTips & Advice Are my apps spying on me? A paranoid’s guide to digital life Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't watching you. Here's the answer to that age-old question: Are my apps spying on me? 31 Jul 2023 23 min read Can TSA search your phone? Know your digital rights at the airport TSA can make you take off your shoes, but you might be surprised at the answer to the question: Can TSA search my phone? 25 Jul 2023 5 min read Is your online date Googling you? Research related to online dating underscores the importance of conscious digital sharing. 14 Feb 2023 4 min read Is ChatGPT's use of people’s data even legal? Currently, there is no widely accepted method for individuals to request the removal of their data from a machine learning model once it has been used to train the model. 1 Feb 2023 5 min read The Oura Ring is the privacy-protecting fitness tracker you need this new year The Oura’s main focus is on my “readiness,” which they determine by combining information about my heart rate, body temperature, activity information, and sleep data. 29 Dec 2022 6 min read What does your Apple Watch know about you? Apple's commitment to privacy is really important as we agree to provide the company with more and more of our personal info. 22 Dec 2022 7 min read An update on international data privacy protection There are seven common principles that were adopted, all in the interest of serving to the free flow of data across country borders and promoting trust between citizens and their governments. 22 Dec 2022 4 min read Here's what your Ring doorbell knows about you More often than not, great convenience comes with great privacy implications. 21 Dec 2022 6 min read Nearly half of UK adults don’t know their browsing history is visible to third parties Our recent research shows that there’s a lack of knowledge when it comes to third parties accessing our search history and how this information is used. 10 Oct 2022 4 min read How license plate scanners challenge our data privacy There's a massive amount of data in private hands and without sufficient controls by the government. 25 May 2022 8 min read Google announces new security and privacy improvements at Google I/O It's encouraging that Google is recognizing that users care about privacy. However, user data is still ultimately a product being sold to advertisers. 16 May 2022 4 min read Self-help apps violate your privacy, sell your information Mental health and self-help apps know your deepest secrets. In a growing string of cases, they’re selling your information and ignoring your right to privacy. 2 May 2022 6 min read More transparency from developers is coming to the Google Play Store It’s still wise to stay vigilant when you are downloading new apps from the Google Play Store. 2 May 2022 3 min read ... Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe Most popular How to use Discord’s ‘Family Center’ to help protect your child 24 Jul 2023 The hidden pitfalls of travel apps 13 Jul 2023 Avast researchers uncover disturbing crowdfunding scheme 28 Jun 2023 Your essential cybersecurity checklist for safe summer travel 14 Jun 2023 The rise and fall of ransomware: Insights from Avast's Q1/2023 Threat Report 2 Jun 2023 Never miss our news Follow us 1988 - 2023 Copyright © Avast Software s.r.o. | Sitemap Privacy policyWe value your privacy By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy Privacy preference center Manage consent settings Necessary cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference cookies Preference cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region that you are in. De-selecting these cookies may result in improper functionality and setting of the website. Performance cookies Performance cookies Performance cookies help us improve our website by analyzing how visitors use it and interact with it. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-designed content and slow site performance. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. Targeting cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We’re sorry, your browser appears to be outdated.To see the content of this webpage correctly, please update to the latest version or install a new browser for free, such as Avast Secure Browser or Google Chrome . Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Careers, investors, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Security New Looking for a product for your device? Free Antivirus for PC , Free Security for Android , Free Security for Mac , Free Security for iPhone/iPad Looking for a product for your device? Privacy Performance New Products Not sure which solution is right for your business? Help me choose Business partners Become a partner Partner locator Resources Trials Smart Life Mobile Security VPN Threat Intelligence Knowledge Center About Avast Careers Privacy Digital trust Press center Investors Our story Investors Awards Diversity & Inclusion Contact us BlogsAvast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community Avast Research Lab Explore more about AI in cybersecurity List of available regions Main regions Download Avast SecureLine VPN Software Try our VPN for free — no credit card needed. Hide your IP address, secure your Wi-Fi connection, strengthen your privacy, and access the content you love, wherever you are.See all features Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Try it free for 60 days Try it free for 60 days (Pay $0 at checkout) See all features Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Try it free for 60 days Try it free for 60 days (Pay $0 at checkout) See all features Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details See all features Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details 30-day money-back guarantee 30-day money-back guarantee Install on Android Install on Android Install on iPhone/iPad Download trial Download trial Buy now Buy now Buy now For those who want online freedom Avoid being hacked on public Wi-Fi, stop third-parties tracking your online activities, and access your favorite content no matter which country you’re in with Avast SecureLine VPN. Get one-click privacy protection with all the features you need Stay safe with open-source privacy protection Relax — we don’t log your activities Keep spies away with 256-bit AES encryption Be anonymous Secure any Wi-Fi or network Hide your IP Address Stream and game effortlessly Access content around the world Enjoy a better P2P experience Choose from 700 servers in 34 countries Access Android TV Learn more Show less Stop online spies and snoops What is a VPN? Avoid being hacked on public Wi-Fi, stop third-parties tracking your online activities, and access your favorite content no matter which country you’re in with Avast SecureLine VPN. Who is tracking you online? See everything you do onlineSell your medical, financial, and browsing historySnoop on your online activitiesLimit your career opportunities if you transgress company policySteal your identityHack into your accountsCensor what you seeSpy on you Avast SecureLine VPN protects your privacy Show less Learn more Make any connection secure A VPN also protects you from network threats With bank-grade encryption, your data is always secure and safe from online scammers and network threats. Protect yourself against common online scams It’s not always easy to spot when you’re being tricked or exploited online but Avast SecureLine VPN gives you advanced protection against these common types of attacks. You’re connected to an open, unprotected network and log into your accounts. But you’re not alone on the network.When you get a cookie, the intruder gets a cookie — and now they have access to your account.You’re connected to your favorite hip coffee shop Wi-Fi, right?Are you sure it’s their network? Do they even have Wi-Fi?Maybe they don’t and you’re now mainlining your data into an attacker’s computer.Your devices just love to auto connect to known networks and save you time. That’s a pretty risky thing to do.It’s easy to create a doppelganger network that will fool your phone, computer – or even you.Unknown to you, someone inserts themselves between you and the internet.They can change what you see on your favorite sites, redirect you to fake sites, take over your communications, and steal your accounts and passwords. Show less Learn more Access the content you love, from wherever you are It’s your internet, take it back Your IP address isn’t just used to track you online, it’s also used to bar you from certain services. Avast SecureLine VPN stops spies and lets you access the content you love, anonymously, from wherever you are.Show less Learn more New Stream securely on Smart TVs running Android TV SecureLine server locations Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Canada Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Hungary Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Turkey United Kingdom Ukraine United States Do it all lightning fast Where speed meets capacity Connect securely with the confidence that your speed and performance won’t be affected — with our network of servers, we can handle almost any capacity. Show less Learn more Get Avast SecureLine VPN to start enjoying truly private browsing Choose the package that suits you from the options below. Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Try it free for 60 days Try it free for 60 days (Pay $0 at checkout) Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 46% current price .39 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Save 45% current price .59 original price Buy now original price current price Subscription details Try it free for 60 days Try it free for 60 days (Pay $0 at checkout) 30-day money-back guarantee 30-day money-back guarantee Install on Android Works on PC , Mac and iOS Install on Android Works on PC , Mac and iOS Install on iPhone/iPad Works on PC , Mac , and Android How to install Step 1 Step 2 Step 3 System requirements Windows 10 and Windows 11 compatible. PC with Windows 11 , 10 , 8.1 , or (both the 32 and 64-bit versions, excluding Mixed Reality, Mobile, IoT, Starter, and RT editions), 1 GB RAM and 2 GB of hard disk space. Mac running macOS 10.12 (Sierra) or later. Android phone or tablet running operating system Google Android 6.0 (Marshmallow, API 23) or higher. iPhone or iPad running Apple iOS 13.0 or later. FAQ What does Avast SecureLine VPN do? Why is Avast SecureLine VPN safe to use? Is there a free version of Avast SecureLine VPN? Do I need a credit card for Avast SecureLine VPN free trial? How do I connect to a free VPN? Do any other Avast products include Avast SecureLine VPN? Get tips and advice on VPNs, straight from the experts Read more at Avast Academy 1 to 4 A VPN is a secure, encrypted connection that protects your online privacy. Learn what VPNs are, how they work, and what they do to protect you. Learn more Blocked websites are history. Here’s how to unblock sites using a VPN, proxy, and more – whether at school, work or home. Learn more An IP address can reveal everything from your location to your online activity. Learn how to hide your IP address with a proxy, VPN, or Tor and protect yourself. Learn more Is a VPN really necessary? Find out whether you need to use a VPN at home and why using a VPN is important for your online privacy. Learn more VPNs are more and more popular to access content on the Internet. They can also be used to watch TV shows not available in your country. Learn more The ultimate guide on how to change your Netflix region on any device using a VPN. Stream your favorite shows from anywhere in the world. Learn more We analyze the best web browsers on the market to see which is the fastest. Learn how they perform and which is the fastest web browser here. Learn more Changing your IP address is easy to do. Find out why you might need to change your IP and how to do it on Windows, iPhone, Mac, or mobile. Learn more Get tips and advice on VPNs, straight from the experts Read more at Avast Academy 1 to 8 A VPN is a secure, encrypted connection that protects your online privacy. Learn what VPNs are, how they work, and what they do to protect you. Learn more Blocked websites are history. Here’s how to unblock sites using a VPN, proxy, and more – whether at school, work or home. Learn more An IP address can reveal everything from your location to your online activity. Learn how to hide your IP address with a proxy, VPN, or Tor and protect yourself. Learn more Is a VPN really necessary? Find out whether you need to use a VPN at home and why using a VPN is important for your online privacy. Learn more VPNs are more and more popular to access content on the Internet.They can also be used to watch TV shows not available in your country. Learn more The ultimate guide on how to change your Netflix region on any device using a VPN. Stream your favorite shows from anywhere in the world. Learn more We analyze the best web browsers on the market to see which is the fastest. Learn how they perform and which is the fastest web browser here. Learn more Changing your IP address is easy to do. Find out why you might need to change your IP and how to do it on Windows, iPhone, Mac, or mobile. Learn more Get tips and advice on VPNs, straight from the experts Read more at Avast Academy 1 to 8 A VPN is a secure, encrypted connection that protects your online privacy. Learn what VPNs are, how they work, and what they do to protect you. Learn more Blocked websites are history. Here’s how to unblock sites using a VPN, proxy, and more – whether at school, work or home. Learn more Discover the best iPhone security apps, from private browsing to email and messaging encryption. Safeguard your iPhone privacy today. Learn more Is a VPN really necessary? Find out whether you need to use a VPN at home and why using a VPN is important for your online privacy. Learn more VPNs are more and more popular to access content on the Internet. They can also be used to watch TV shows not available in your country. Learn more The ultimate guide on how to change your Netflix region on any device using a VPN. Stream your favorite shows from anywhere in the world. Learn more We analyze the best web browsers on the market to see which is the fastest. Learn how they perform and which is the fastest web browser here. Learn more Changing your IP address is easy to do. Find out why you might need to change your IP and how to do it on Windows, iPhone, Mac, or mobile. Learn more Get tips and advice on VPNs, straight from the experts Read more at Avast Academy 1 to 8 A VPN is a secure, encrypted connection that protects your online privacy. Learn what VPNs are, how they work, and what they do to protect you. Learn more Blocked websites are history. Here’s how to unblock sites using a VPN, proxy, and more – whether at school, work or home. Learn more An IP address can reveal everything from your location to your online activity. Learn how to hide your IP address with a proxy, VPN, or Tor and protect yourself. Learn more Is a VPN really necessary? Find out whether you need to use a VPN at home and why using a VPN is important for your online privacy. Learn more VPNs are more and more popular to access content on the Internet. They can also be used to watch TV shows not available in your country. Learn more The ultimate guide on how to change your Netflix region on any device using a VPN. Stream your favorite shows from anywhere in the world. Learn more We analyze the best web browsers on the market to see which is the fastest. Learn how they perform and which is the fastest web browser here. Learn more Changing your IP address is easy to do. Find out why you might need to change your IP and how to do it on Windows, iPhone, Mac, or mobile. Learn more Get tips and advice on VPNs, straight from the experts Read more at Avast Academy 1 to 8 A VPN is a secure, encrypted connection that protects your online privacy. Learn what VPNs are, how they work, and what they do to protect you. Learn more Blocked websites are history. Here’s how to unblock sites using a VPN, proxy, and more – whether at school, work or home. Learn more An IP address can reveal everything from your location to your online activity. Learn how to hide your IP address with a proxy, VPN, or Tor and protect yourself. Learn more Is a VPN really necessary? Find out whether you need to use a VPN at home and why using a VPN is important for your online privacy. Learn more VPNs are more and more popular to access content on the Internet. They can also be used to watch TV shows not available in your country. Learn more The ultimate guide on how to change your Netflix region on any device using a VPN. Stream your favorite shows from anywhere in the world. Learn more We analyze the best web browsers on the market to see which is the fastest. Learn how they perform and which is the fastest web browser here. Learn more Changing your IP address is easy to do. Find out why you might need to change your IP and how to do it on Windows, iPhone, Mac, or mobile. Learn more You might also be interested in: Avast AntiTrack Learn more Avast BreachGuard Learn more Free Avast Secure Browser Learn more Close Installation of the antivirus is almost complete! Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file below and following the instructions. Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file and following the instructions. Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file and following the instructions.Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file and following the instructions. Click this file to start installing Avast Looks like you're using Windows Looks like you're using Mac Looks like you're using Android Looks like you're using iOS Would you like this app for Windows or Mac ? Would you like this app for Windows or Android ? Would you like this app for Windows or iOS ? Would you like this app for Mac or Windows ? Would you like this app for Mac or Android ? Would you like this app for Mac or iOS ? Would you like this app for Android or Windows ? Would you like this app for Android or Mac ? Would you like this app for Android or iOS ? Would you like this app for iOS or Windows ? Would you like this app for iOS or Android ? Would you like this app for iOS or Mac ? Windows Mac Windows Mac Back Newsletter Avast recommends using the FREE Chrome™ internet browser. Download Chrome Close Almost done! Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file below and following the instructions. Need Help? Please call 855-745-3255 Click this file to start installing Avast United States (English)We value your privacy By clicking "OK" you allow cookies that improve your experience on our site, help us analyze site performance and usage, and enable us to show relevant marketing content. You can manage cookie settings below. See Cookies Policy Privacy preference center Manage consent settings Necessary cookies Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preference cookies Preference cookies Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region that you are in. De-selecting these cookies may result in improper functionality and setting of the website. Performance cookies Performance cookies Performance cookies help us improve our website by analyzing how visitors use it and interact with it. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-designed content and slow site performance. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you. Targeting cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social media cookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We’re sorry, your browser appears to be outdated.To see the content of this webpage correctly, please update to the latest version or install a new browser for free, such as Avast Secure Browser or Google Chrome . Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Careers, investors, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Security New Looking for a product for your device? Free Antivirus for PC , Free Security for Android , Free Security for Mac , Free Security for iPhone/iPad Looking for a product for your device? Privacy Performance New Products Not sure which solution is right for your business? Help me choose Business partners Become a partner Partner locator Resources Trials Smart Life Mobile Security VPN Threat Intelligence Knowledge Center About Avast Careers Privacy Digital trust Press center Investors Our story Investors Awards Diversity & Inclusion Contact us BlogsAvast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community Avast Research Lab Explore more about AI in cybersecurity List of available regions Main regions General Privacy Policy As the world’s most trusted anti-virus software company, our goal is to help you with defenses against threats in cyberspace. To do so, we may have to collect your personal data to provide you with the best weapons and the most up-to-date security. We do not take your trust for granted so we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal data. This Privacy Policy was last updated in April 2023. Who We Are This General Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the Avast Group (collectively “we,” “us” or “our”). The Controller of your personal data is Avast Software s.r.o., which has its principal place of business at 1737/1A Pikrtova, Prague 4, Czech Republic, 140 00. If you live in the United Kingdom, Avast’s representative established in the UK is AVG Technologies UK Ltd.,110 High Holborn, 7th Floor, London, WC1V 6JS, England. Privacy Policy Contents This Privacy Policy describes how we handle and protect your personal data and the choices available to you.Additional information on our personal data practices may be provided in product settings, contractual terms, or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Please refer to our Products Policy describing specifics of personal data processing within our products and services. This Privacy Policy is intended for you if you are a user of our products and services. If you are a business partner, the privacy notice that applies to you is located here: Business partner policy . Personal Data We Process Personal data refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual person (“Personal Data”). We may collect data or ask you to provide certain data when you visit our websites, and use our products and services. The sources from which we collect Personal Data include: Data collected directly from you or your device relating to an identified or identifiable individual (“Data Subject”), and may include direct identifiers such as name, postal and email address, phone number, and online or indirect identifiers such as login account, login password, marketing preferences, social media account, and/or IP address;If we link other data with your Personal Data, we will treat that linked data as Personal Data; andWe may also collect Personal Data from trusted third-party sources such as distributors, resellers, app stores, contact centers, and engage third parties such as marketing, survey, analytics or software suppliers to collect Personal Data to assist us. We do not process special categories of personal data, such as data concerning health, race, ethnicity or political opinions, or deduce in any way this type of information from data, we collect within our products. We organize the Personal Data we process into these basic categories: Billing Data, Account Data, and Product Data. The below described billing process applies to all customers who have purchased products and/or standalone features through our Gen eStore. This information is used to bill those customers for their services and products. Our parent company, Gen Digital Inc., will act as a controller with respect to processing of the Billing Data and will provide its own privacy policy to the relevant customers at the moment of purchase of the relevant products and services. Billing Data includes your name, email address, billing address, your phone number, payment information (depending on method can include Credit/Debit Card Information or PayPal account) and device fingerprint ID. Billing data What we use it for Email address To send you purchase receipts Name and Billing address To maintain billing records Payment information – payment card info, for businesses only VAT/Tax ID and Business ID To process the payment and billing records Identifiers – product and license keys/numbers, Wallet ID, Auto bill ID, Payment transaction ID To identify the product and enable features based on the purchased license and to track account activity between internal company systems, applications, and architecture. This data is also processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as for trade compliance and fraud check. Renewability To check if a given subscription can be renewed under the same or similar terms Expiration date To check whether a license is current Device fingerprint ID To validate that an authenticated payment transaction occurred, and the payment card and account are appropriate for billing. In certain cases, you purchase our products and services from a trusted third-party service provider, reseller, or app store. In those circumstances, your Billing Data is processed by the relevant third party and we only receive a subset of this data to keep proper business records. In particular, we only have a masked credit/debit card number, not your full payment details. Account Data includes information to set up and customize an account, such as your name, email address and username, and information connected with our services, such as product, license and device information. For some of our products or some of their functions creating an account is necessary. Account Data is also used for customer management and engagement, revenue generation, and evaluation and optimization of operational, sales and business processes.See below an example of Account Data and what we use it for: Account data What we use it for Name To customize our communications by addressing you by your name Email address To send you communications regarding your license and support and to offer our other products and services Username To manage your account and facilitate your login into the service Account usage data (events such as request to end subscription, subscription-related information) To enable premium features activation, provide tailored life-cycle experience and communication with customer support, suitable product interface content. Subscription renewal date To help us validate the period the license is active Trial User To add a grace period prior to the paid period of the subscription An account is also necessary for some features of our Forum . In the Forum, you have the option to provide additional information within your account such as personal texts, disclose your birth date, identify your gender, instant messaging number, messenger username, or website name and address, disclose your physical location, and select an avatar or personalized picture. To register with us or to be able to log in later on our pages or in our products, we offer you, in addition to our own procedure, the option to do this via the services Facebook Connect, Google, and Apple ID. For this purpose, we will redirect you to a page of the corresponding provider. Data from the provider (email, platform ID, optionally name) is then provided to create the account. The customer account remains valid until you actively delete it in the user administration section of the account. You can also contact our support or DPO in case you would like to delete your account. Product Data includes two sub-categories: Device Data includes information about the operating system; hardware; city/country location of device; IP address, device error logs; browser; network; applications running on the device, including the Avast products; and Service Data includes information about product usage and events relating to use of our product by you. This information includes samples, detection details, and files used for malware protection, information concerning URLs of websites, usage statistics (activation, crashes, scans, errors). These sub-categories differ for each product and service. If you want more detail about Device and Service Data we process on a product basis, please refer to our Products Policy . Why We Process Your Personal Data We use your Personal Data for the following purposes and on the following grounds: On the basis of fulfilling our contract with you or entering into a contract with you on your request, in order to: To process purchase of our products or services from us, our partners or our trusted third- party service providers’ online stores and to bill for products and features purchased;To provision the download, activation, and performance of the product or service;To keep our products or services up-to-date, safe and free of errors, including implementation of new product features and versions;To verify your identity and entitlement to paid products or services, when you contact us for support or access our services; To process your purchase transactions;To update you on the status of your orders and licences;To manage your subscriptions and user accounts; andTo provide you with technical and customer support. This may include remote access to your device to better solve the issue. For this purpose, we will process the information from your product and device (e.g. crash reports, usage data), your contact details as well as other information you will provide to us (e.g. description of the issue). On the basis of your consent , in order to: To subscribe you to a newsletter or the Avast forum;To enable the provision of third-party ads in product messages;To enable the provision of personalized ads in support of certain free products; andTo allow us to record our phone conversation when you contact our tech support by phone. We will always ask for your consent before any processing which requires it and we will provide you with necessary information through our Consent Policy or otherwise as applicable. In order to fulfill legal obligations , we process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, legal order, sanction checks or other obligations to which we are subject.On the basis of our legitimate interest we will use your Personal Data to: To communicate about possible security, privacy and performance improvements and products that supplement or improve our purchased products and to optimize the content and delivery of this type of communication;To evaluate and to improve the performance and quality of our products, services and websites, develop new products, train our employees and to understand usage trends, and analyze user acquisitions, conversions and campaigns;To maintain and develop threat intelligence resources, in particular to be able to detect and block malware; To make our systems and applications more secure;To maintain the effective performance of our business by ensuring necessary internal administrative and commercial processes (e.g. finances, controlling, business intelligence, legal & compliance, fraud check, information security etc.); andTo establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights. Your interests are a key part of our decision-making process and have been considered in all of the above-mentioned processing activities. We believe we have achieved a fair balance between privacy and operations. In any case, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to our particular situation, to those processing operations. For more details, please see section Your Privacy Rights . Balancing Legitimate Interests Before relying on our legitimate interests, we balanced them against your interests and made sure they are compelling enough. With respect to the purposes below we consider necessary to explain what our interests are in detail. Security and Threat Intelligence We process Personal Data to support network and information security efforts. In line with EU data protection law, organizations have a recognized legitimate interest in collecting and processing Personal Data in a proportionate manner for the purposes of ensuring network and information security. This covers the ability of our networks or of our information systems to resist events, attacks or unlawful or malicious actions that could compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of the data we store or transmit, or the security of the related services offered by, or accessible via those networks and systems. Moreover, as a member of the security community, we also cooperate with other players across the security landscape, in particular by exchanging threat intelligence resources, and aid in research and development of new security solutions. The Personal Data we process for the purpose listed above includes, without limitation, network traffic data related to cyber-threats such as: Sender email addresses (e.g., of sources of SPAM);Recipient email addresses (e.g., of victims of targeted email cyberattacks including phishing);Email header detail including addresses and intermediary systems (e.g., as configured by cybercriminals sending malicious email);Filenames and execution paths (e.g., of malicious or potentially harmful executable files);Samples (e.g., of malicious or potentially harmful executable files);URLs and associated page titles (e.g., of web pages broadcasting or hosting malicious or otherwise harmful content); and/or IP addresses (e.g., of web servers and connected devices involved in the generation, distribution, conveyance, hosting, caching or other storage of cyber-threats such as malicious or otherwise harmful content). Product messaging - In-product and Email Messages We have a legitimate interest for messaging our users about possible security, privacy and performance improvements and about products that supplement or improve the products already purchased. We can also message our customers with information and offers relating to already purchased products (e.g. time-limited offers). If you are our customer, we feel a responsibility to inform you about security and utility improvements and possible problems to your device and software, and provide you with effective solutions relevant to these problems. Because of this, we have a legitimate interest to optimize the content and delivery of this type of communication to you so that you are likely to find them relevant and non-intrusive at the same time. We use certain limited subsets of Billing Data, Account Data, and Service Data to deliver this communication. Product and business improvement We have a legitimate interest to use necessary Personal Data to understand user conversions, acquisitions and campaign performance through various distribution channels, and users’ download, activation and interactions with our products. For example, we want to know how many users clicked on our offers, or purchased our product after seeing one of our ads. These analytics help us improve functionality, effectiveness, security and reliability of our products and business activities as well as helping us to develop new products. This processing includes using third-party tools.Please refer to our Products Policy for the list of third-party tools used for the specific products and services. How We Process Your Personal Data We do our best to disconnect or remove all direct identifiers from the Personal Data that we use: For free versions, this disconnection or removal of identifiers begins when the products and services are initially activated. For paid users we keep Billing Data in a separate database and minimize its use for anything other than handling payments and our own financial management activities. For both paid and free versions, we continuously monitor for, minimize, disconnect and remove all direct identifiers during the normal performance of the products and services. Processing of IP Addresses Your IP address is collected at the time at which your product or service is being provided for the purpose of downloading and installing the products, product authorization, fraud and malware detection and for the purpose of facilitating our billing process. In particular for delivering the content in accordance with your device(s) settings, determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, troubleshooting issues, and generating appropriate diagnostics reports. We do not store the IP address from this process. Please refer to our Products Policy for specific use of IP address by our products and services. Personalization We use your answers from surveys, in which you can participate, and relevant Product Data to personalize communication and recommend our relevant products for you. In the United States only, for AntiVirus customers only, we may use certain limited Billing Data, Account Data, and Service Data that are already collected for the functioning of our products to make inferences about your purchase of our products in the future, in order to personalize discounts that we offer you. Data related to inferences and segments used for the personalization are kept for 60 days from their use for the creation of the offer. You can stop the use of your Personal Data for personalization by toggling the personalization setting to “off ”. We do not take any decisions solely based on algorithms, including profiling, that would significantly affect you. How We Disclose Your Personal Data We only disclose your Personal Data as described below, within our group of companies, with our partners, with service providers that process data on our behalf and with public authorities, when required by applicable law. Processing is only undertaken for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the relevant Products Policy sections. If we disclose your Personal Data, we require its recipients to comply with adequate privacy and confidentiality requirements, and security standards. Payment processors In certain cases we may use a third party payment processor to take payment from you. These third parties are properly regulated and authorized to handle your payment information and are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purposes other than arranging these services for us. However, they are independent controllers of your data with their own responsibility These are our long-term payment processors: Payment Processor Link to Privacy Policy Location Digital River US, Ireland Softline https://allsoftglobal.com/en/privacy-policy/ Cyprus Nexway Germany, France, USA Cleverbridge Germany, USA, Japan, Taiwan, Malta Paypal (Braintree) US, Ireland Google Play Store (for mobile apps) US, Ireland Apple Store (for mobile apps) US, Ireland Your Billing Data is processed by the payment processor from whom you purchased the product. Your data is processed according to the relevant processor’s terms and privacy policy. Service Providers We may use contractors and service providers to process your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and Products Policy . We contractually require service providers to keep data secure and confidential. Such service providers may include contact centers, professional consultants (including to defend or to exercise our rights), and marketing/survey/analytics/software suppliers. In particular, we use Salesforce to provide us the CRM platform (see their privacy information including appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers). We use Medallia Inc. as the provider of the experience management platform used to collect and evaluate customer feedback and insights (see their privacy information including appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers. Sometimes these service providers, for example our distributors, resellers, and app store partners will be independent controllers of your data and their terms and conditions, end user license agreements (“EULA”) and privacy statements will apply to such relationships.Advertising Companies To be able to offer our products and services for free, we serve third-party ads in our products for mobile devices. To enable the ad, we embed a software development kit (“SDK”) provided by an advertising company into the product. The SDK collects Personal Data in order to personalize ads for you. Only few of our free products serve third-party ads. You will be asked for consent during the installation process of any such product. For further information, including the exact scope of processed Personal Data and names of relevant products, please refer to our Consent Policy which includes the list of our advertising partners and their privacy policy. Distributors, Resellers We may provide your Personal Data to our partners for the purpose of distribution, sale or management of our products. Our partners may communicate with you about Avast products or services. In addition, you purchase our products directly from our distributor, a reseller, or an app store. Because your relationship in these cases is with that distributor, reseller or an app store, such third party will also process your Personal Data. Cookies Providers Our websites use cookies to personalize your experience on our sites, to tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, to help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns, and to give us insights into user interactions and user base as a whole so we can improve our communications and products.. While using our websites, you will be asked to authorize the collection and use of data by cookies according to the terms of the Cookie Policy . Analytics Tool Providers We use analytical tools, including third-party analytical tools, which allow us to, among other things, to identify potential performance or security issues with our products, to improve their stability and function, to understand how you use our products, and websites so that we can optimize and improve your user experience, and to evaluate and improve our campaigns. We use Service and Device data for analytics. While we generally prefer using our own analytical tools, we sometimes need to partner with other parties, which have developed and provide us with their own tools and expertise. Below, we list these partners and tools and their privacy policies. Tool (provider) Type of Analytics Link to Privacy Policy Location Google Analytics (Google) user behaviour US, Ireland Firebase Analytics (Google) user behaviour (advanced features like A/B testing, predictions) US, Ireland Firebase Crashlytics (Google) crash reporting US, Ireland AppsFlyer user acquisition Germany Adjust user acquisition Germany Facebook Analytics (Facebook) user behaviour HockeyApp (Microsoft) crash reporting US, Ireland Mixpanel user behaviour US Loggly (Solar Winds/Loggly) server side logging - troubleshooting issues US Amplitude user behaviour US VWO user behaviour (A/B testing) India Hotjar user behaviour EU Not all of our products use all of these third-party analytics tools. Analytics tools that we use for diagnosing your product are necessary for service provision. You will find relevant tools listed under each product in our Products Policy . Login via third-party providers Tool (provider) More information, link to Privacy Policy Location Google Ireland Ltd. Ireland Facebook Ireland Ltd. Ireland Apple Distribution International Ireland Public Authorities In certain instances, it may be necessary for us to disclose your Personal Data to public authorities or as otherwise required by applicable law. No Personal Data will be disclosed to any public authority except in response to: A subpoena, warrant or other process issued by a court or other public authority of competent jurisdiction;A legal process having the same consequence as a court-issued request for data, in that if we were to refuse to provide such data, it would be in breach of local law, and it or its officers, executives or employees would be subject to liability for failing to honor such legal process;Where such disclosure is necessary for us to enforce our legal rights pursuant to applicable law; or A request for data with the purpose of identifying and/or preventing credit card fraud. Mergers, Acquisitions and Corporate Restructurings Like any other company, we too go through our own cycle of growth, expansion, streamlining and optimization. Our business decisions and market developments therefore affect our structure. As a result of such transactions, and for maintaining a continued relationship with you, we may transfer your Personal Data to a related affiliate. If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your Personal Data may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will notify you of any such deal and outline your choices in that event, when applicable.Information including personal data relating to our business may be shared with other parties in order to evaluate and conclude the transaction. This would also be the case if we were required by law to make such changes. Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data among Avast Entities and to Third-Party Vendors We are a global business that provides products and services all around the world. In order to reach all of our users and provide all of them with our software, we operate on an infrastructure that spans the globe. The servers that are part of this infrastructure may therefore be located in a country different than the one where you live. In some instances, these may be countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Regardless, we provide the same GDPR-level of protection to all Personal Data it processed. At the same time, when we transfer Personal Data originating from the EEA outside of the EEA or cooperate with a third-party vendor located outside the EEA, we always make sure to put in place appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or adequacy decisions adopted by the European Commission, to ensure that your data remains safe and secure at all times and that your rights are protected. Situations where we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA include: allowing access to Personal Data stored in the Google Cloud Platform to Google personnel located outside the EEA, the provisioning of our products and services and third-party services related to it, the processing of transactions and of your payment details, and the delivery of support services. Further, an outside-EEA transfer may also occur in case of a merger, acquisition or a restructuring, where the acquirer is located outside of the EEA (see the Mergers, Acquisitions and Restructurings section). How We Protect Your Personal Data We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of your Personal Data. Administrative Safeguards Access to the Personal Data of our users is limited to authorized personnel who have a legitimate need to know based on their job descriptions, for example, employees who provide technical support to end users, or who service user accounts. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed. These third parties are contractually bound by confidentiality clauses, even when they leave the company. Where an individual employee no longer requires access, that individual's credentials are revoked. Technical Safeguards We store your personal information in our database using the protections described above. In addition, we utilize technical safeguards such as up-to-date firewall protection for an additional layer of security, high-quality anti-virus software, and we regularly update our virus definitions. Third parties who we hire to provide services and who have access to our users' data are required to adopt appropriate measures if we deem them necessary. Physical Safeguards Access to user information in our database by Internet requires using an encrypted VPN, except for email which requires user authentication. Third-party contractors who process Personal Data on our behalf agree to provide reasonable physical safeguards. Proportionality We strive to collect no more Personal Data from you than is required by the purpose for which we collect it. This, in turn, helps reduce the total risk of harm should data loss or a breach in security occur: the less data we collect, the smaller the overall risk. Children’s Privacy We may offer products and services designed specifically to assist you as a parent by providing child online protection features. In such cases, we will only collect and process Personal Data related to any child under the age specified in particular jurisdictions, which you choose to disclose to us or otherwise instruct us to collect and process. Details about this processing is included in our Products Policy . Please refer to the specific applicable notices for this information. How Long We Store Your Personal Data We will hold your Personal Data on our systems for the following periods: For Billing Data, for as long as we have a legal obligation or for our legitimate interests in establishing legal rights and keeping proper business records. We also keep your Billing data to enable the renewal of your subscriptions; For Product Data, only as long as necessary for the purposes of a particular product or service. We use rolling deletion periods which means we regularly delete collected data in the given periods starting from the collection of that respective data. The rolling deletion periods for Product Data are not longer than six years. You can find specific rolling deletion periods for each of our products and their purposes in our Products Policy .Please note that when you uninstall our product, processing for service provision, in-product messaging, analytics and third-party ads, if applicable, dependent on the installed product shall cease. After the uninstallation, we will continue to process your Product Data for statistical purposes for up to six years. We have measures in place to ensure compliance with data protection laws, including pseudonymization. Storage of Your Personal Data The data we collect from you may be stored, with risk-appropriate technical and organizational security measures applied to it, on in-house as well as third-party servers in the Czech Republic, in the United States, as well as anywhere we or our trusted service providers and partners operate. In particular, we store some of the data in the Google Cloud Platform operated by Google Cloud EMEA Ltd. Personal Data originating from the EEA are stored on Google’s servers in the EEA, however, such data may be also accessed by Google personnel located outside the EEA. We put in place appropriate safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses, to address these cross-border transfers of Personal Data. In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Your Privacy Rights You have the following rights regarding the processing of your Personal Data: Right to information - Right to receive information about the processing of your Personal Data, prior to processing as well as during the processing, upon request.Right of access - You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal DataRight to rectification - You have the right to seek correction of inaccurate Personal Data.Right to erasure ("right to be forgotten") - You have the right to erasure of your Personal Data, but only in specific cases stipulated by law, e.g., if there is no legally recognized title on our part for further processing of your Personal Data (incl. protection of our legitimate interests and rights). Right to data portability - The right to receive Personal Data which you have provided and is being processed on the basis of consent or where it is necessary for the purpose of conclusion and performance of a contract, in machine-readable format. This right applies exclusively to Personal Data where processing is carried out by automated means.Right to object - Applies to cases of processing carried out in legitimate interest. You have the right to object to such processing, on grounds relating to your particular situation, and we are required to assess the processing in order to ensure compliance with all legally binding rules and applicable regulations. In case of direct marketing, we shall cease processing Personal Data for such purposes after the objection. Right to withdraw consent - In the case of processing based on your consent, as specified in our Consent Policy , you can withdraw your consent at any time, by using the same method (if technically possible) you used to provide it to us (the exact method will be described in more detail with each consent when you provide it). The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal. Right to restriction of processing - You have the right to restriction of processing of your Personal Data if: You are contesting the accuracy of your Personal Data, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Data; the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the Personal Data and request the restriction of its use instead; we no longer need the Personal Data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or you have objected to processing of your Personal Data, and there is a pending verification whether our legitimate grounds override your interests. Right to contact a supervisory authority or court - You may contact and lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority – The Office for Personal Data Protection (Czech: Úřad na ochranu osobních údajů – www.uoou.cz) or your local authority or a relevant court. You can submit your requests relating to your data subject rights and access to documentation relating to appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers through our online form: https://support.avast.com/en-us/contact/dsr . The fulfillment of data subject rights listed above will depend on the category of Personal Data and the processing activity. In all cases, we strive to fulfill your request. We will action your request within one month of receiving a request from you concerning any one of your rights as a Data Subject. When we are faced with an unusually large number of requests or particularly complicated requests, the time limit may be extended to a maximum of another two months.If we fail to meet these deadlines, we would, of course, prefer that you contact us to resolve the situation informally. Where requests we receive are unfounded or excessive, in particular because they repeat, we may either: (a) charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request. Identification of an individual may not be necessary for some of our free products to be delivered to you or to function. In this case, we do not and will not maintain, acquire or process additional information solely in order to identify the users of our free products and services. Consistent with our privacy by design, privacy by default and data minimization practices, we may not be able to identify you in connection with Product Data relating to specific free products and services. However, you can go directly to your product settings and explore the available privacy options. Your Choices in products You can make certain choices about how your data is used by us by adjusting the privacy settings of the relevant product. Please check your product settings to set your privacy preferences there. Non-EU Jurisdictions Residents of the Russian Federation We collect and process Personal Data relating to those within the territory of the Russian Federation in strict compliance with the applicable laws of the Russian Federation. We collect and process Personal Data (including sharing it with third parties) only upon the consent of the respective individuals, unless otherwise is permitted by the laws of the Russian Federation. You will be asked to grant your consent by ticking the respective box / or clicking “I accept” button or through similar mechanism prior to having access to the site, and/or when submitting or sharing the Personal Data we may request. We collect and use your Personal Data only in the context of the purposes indicated in the consent to processing of Personal Data. We (directly or through third-party contractors specifically authorized by us) collect, record, systematize, accumulate, store, update and amend, extract Personal Data of the Russian Federation citizens with the use of databases located in the territory of the Russian Federation, except as otherwise permitted by Russian data protection legislation. We may process Personal Data of Russian citizens using databases located outside of the Russian Federation subject to compliance with Russian data protection legislation. You are entitled by law to receive information related to processing your Personal Data. To exercise this right, you have to submit a request to contacts listed below in the Contact Us section. You have the right to revoke the consent at any time by sending us an e-mail at the contacts listed below in the Contact Us section. Once we receive the revocation notice from you we will stop processing and destroy your Personal Data, except as necessary to provision the contract or service to you and ensure compliance with the data protection laws. However, once you have revoked your consent, we may not be able to provide to you the products and services you request, and may not be able to ensure proper work of our products. We do not transfer your Personal Data to the countries that under Russian law are not deemed to provide adequate protection to the individuals’ rights in the area of data privacy. We do not offer, sell or otherwise make available our products or services that have access to, collect and process (or allow us to do the same) Personal Data of third parties in the Russian Federation without the consent of such third parties. If any provisions of this Policy contradict the provisions of this section, the provisions of this section shall prevail. California Privacy Rights This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California, and it explains your privacy rights, as well as other information about our treatment of California residents’ information. Information Notice Categories of collected personal information You can see all categories of collected personal information listed in the section Personal Data We Process. Sources from which the personal information is collected You can find information about the sources of data in the section Personal Data We Process. Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information You can find all purposes of processing your personal information listed in the section Why We Process Your Personal Data. Categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information You can find all categories of recipients of personal information listed in the section How We Disclose Your Personal Data.Avast does not sell (as such term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act/California Privacy Rights Act) your personal information we collect without providing a right to opt out or your direct permission. See more about your right to opt out of sale below. Our products are not targeted at minors under 16 years of age. We therefore have no knowledge of any sale of data concerning them. How long we store your personal information You can find more information on our retention practices in the section How Long We Store Your Personal Data above. Your Rights You have the right to: know what personal information is being collected about you and how it’s processed; know whether your personal information is sold, shared or disclosed, and to whom; request that we correct the personal information we have about you that is incorrect;say no to the sale or sharing of your personal information (right to opt out);limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information;request deletion of your personal information; information will be deleted if no exception applies (including our right to defend our lawful interests); access your personal information; specific information shall be provided in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, in a readily useable format but not more than twice in a 12-month period; non-retailation, including the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights (also known as the right to non-discrimination). Under California law, we are required to disclose to consumers the following information upon written request: (1) the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties within the prior year, if that information was subsequently used for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes; and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties to whom such personal information was disclosed for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We hereby disclose that we have not disclosed any such personal information regarding any California resident during the one-year period prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy with the exception of: third-party advertising cookies stated in our Cookie Policy .third-party ads in products listed in our Consent Policy . Right To Opt Out Of Sale or Sharing If your personal information is subject to a sale or sharing, you have the right to opt out from that sale or sharing. For more information on how you can opt out of the sale of your personal information, please consult our “ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information ” page. Request Submission You can submit your requests using contacts indicated below in the Contact Us section. We will verify your request by matching your email address and, if necessary, other information you provide in your request against the email address and other information we have in our system. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. We may require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and that the authorized agent verify their identity directly with us. Contact Us To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any other questions or complaints about our use of your Personal Data and its privacy, write our Privacy Team through the most convenient channel below: You can submit your privacy requests through our online form: https://support.avast.com/en-us/contact/dsr . We are registered as Avast Software s.r.o. and our registered address is Pikrtova 1737/1a, 140 00 Prague 4, Nusle, Postal Code 140 00, Czech Republic. You can always reach us by email at customerservice@avast.com . Please type “PRIVACY REQUEST” in the message line of your email so we can have the appropriate member of the Avast team respond. If you prefer, you can send paper mail to AVAST Software s.r.o., Pikrtova 1737/1a, 140 00 Prague 4, Czech Republic. Be sure to write "Attention: PRIVACY" in the address so we know where to direct your correspondence. If you live in the United Kingdom, you can contact our representative AVG Technologies UK Ltd., 110 High Holborn, 7th Floor, London, WC1V 6JS, England. Data Protection Officer As required under the GDPR, we have a data protection officer (DPO) to monitor our compliance with the GDPR, provide advice where requested and cooperate with supervisory authorities. You can contact our data protection officer via dpo@avast.com . Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to revise or modify this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account), product notification or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Avast recommends using the FREE Chrome™ internet browser. Download Chrome Close Almost done! Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file below and following the instructions. Need Help? Please call 855-745-3255 Click this file to start installing Avast United States (English)