G P S T E C 3 2 7 Information governance on AWS: Privacy compliance David Potes Partner SA Manager Data & Analytics + ML Amazon Web Services Igor Alekseev Partner Solutions Architect Data & Analytics Amazon Web Services © 2019, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 2019 data breach update Best intentions is not a viable strategy Directives Laws Best practices / Good ethics Regulatory requirements consequences Overhead Heavy fines In design and necessity How are privacy regulations attempting to protect consumers? Global United States CSA Cloud Security Alliance Controls ISO 9001 Global Quality Standard ISO 27001 Security Management Controls ISO 27017 Cloud Specific Controls ISO 27018 Personal Data Protection PCI DSS Level 1 Payment Card Standards SOC 1 Audit Controls Report SOC 2 Security, Availability & Confidentiality Report SOC 3 General Controls Report CJIS Criminal Justice Information Services DoD SRG DoD Data Processing FedRAMP Government Data Standards FERPA Educational Privacy Act ISO FFIEC Financial Institutions Regulation FIPS Government Security Standards FISMA Federal Information Security Management GxP Quality Guidelines and Regulations HIPAA Protected Health Information CCPA California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ITAR International Arms Regulations MPAA Protected Media Content MTCS Tier 3 [Singapore] Multi-Tier Cloud Security Standard My Number Act [Japan] Personal Information Protection NIST National Institute of Standards and Technology Europe SEC Rule 17a-4(f) Financial Data Standards VPAT/Section 508 Accountability Standards Asia Pacific FISC [Japan] Financial Industry Information Systems IRAP [Australia] Australian Security Standards K-ISMS [Korea] Korean Information Security C5 [Germany] Operational Security Attestation Cyber Essentials Plus [UK] Cyber Threat Protection G-Cloud [UK] UK Government Standards IT-Grundschutz [Germany] Baseline Protection Methodology GDPR [EU] General Data Protection Regulation What problems are customers trying to solve? What type of data am I collecting? Where do I collect it? Where do I store it? Do I have the appropriate legal collection statements? How and when do I delete data? How do I secure the data? What responsibility do I have? Why do I collect the data? What is my legal basis for processing and using the data? Where is a list of all my data? Do I communicate with the subject I am collecting from? With whom do I share it? Who has access to my data? How do I control it? What are the use cases for the data? Are they permitted? Who provided permission? How do I find my data? Example consumer privacy considerations Data How do we resolve personally identifiable information (PII) dangers? • Do we need to solve these individual issues? Is there a solution architecture that solves all PII issues? • What best practices have you used to mitigate PII dangers? © 2019, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.SaaS, On premise AVRo, Parquet CSV, JSON, XML Structured & Richer file formats Batch Ingestion Oracle SQL Server Teradata DB, DWH, NoSQL, NewSQL, In-Memory Media Ingestion Video & Images Social & Web Logs Amazon Kinesis Streaming ETL IAM Directory Service AWS KMS Hashed PII Hashed PII 2nd Party PII Decentralized Hashed PII Matching HITCH Token+De-Identified Data PII Masking/Filter Amazon Redshift Spectrum Amazon Athena Payroll Providers Marketing Partners Insurance Providers 2nd Parties Amazon EMR Compute Cluster Amazon RDS Amazon Rekognition Image Scanning Amazon S3 Staging Data Processing at Scale Amazon DynamoDB Curated data Amazon S3 Data Lake Exploratory Analytics Amazon SageMaker Analytics Amazon QuickSight Amazon Elasticsearch Service Analysis, ML, Search, Reporting & Dashboards Data Catalog PII Compliance Amazon Macie AWS Glue Data Catalog current & future state Current state Desired state Two types of data catalogs: • Pure data cataloging for inventorying and identification • Catalogs embedded in apps to make more useful Has resulted in limited usefulness because no integration into larger enterprise information management activities Data marketplace with an actionable data catalog: Find data Transform data Provision data • Maintain data governance and catalog currency A zone-based view of the data lifecycle Leverage machine learning to solve hard problems Deduplication Transforming a dataset that has multiple rows referring to the same actual thing into a dataset where no two rows refer to the same actual thing Record matching Finding the relationships between multiple datasets, even when those datasets do not share an identifier (or when their identifier is unreliable) ML FindMatches The Data Catalog Bill of Rights* SaaS, On premise AVRo, Parquet CSV, JSON, XML Structured & Richer file formats Batch Ingestion Oracle SQL Server Teradata DB, DWH, NoSQL, NewSQL, In-Memory Media Ingestion Video & Images Social & Web Logs Amazon Kinesis Streaming ETL IAM Directory Service AWS KMS Hashed PII Hashed PII 2nd Party PII Decentralized Hashed PII Matching HITCH Token+De-Identified Data PII Masking/Filter Amazon Redshift Spectrum Amazon Athena Payroll Providers Marketing Partners Insurance Providers 2nd Parties Amazon EMR Compute Cluster Amazon RDS Amazon Rekognition Image Scanning Amazon S3 Staging Data Processing at Scale Amazon DynamoDB Curated data Amazon S3 Data Lake Exploratory Analytics Amazon SageMaker Analytics Amazon QuickSight Amazon Elasticsearch Service Analysis, ML, Search, Reporting & Dashboards Data Catalog PII Compliance Amazon Macie AWS Glue Data types and techniques Types of personal data: De-identification techniques: Identifiers • Quasi-identifiers • Sensitive Insensitive • Masking • Tokenization • K-anonymity • Differential privacy Dataguise DgSecure capabilities Detect Find and report the exact quantity and location of sensitive data in structured, unstructured and semi- structured content Protect Remediate your sensitive data exposure by masking and / or encryption it at the element level Monitor Track how and where sensitive data is being accessed through a 360° dashboard Right of access Upon request, precisely find and report all records and other information of a specific individual Right to erasure Upon request, delete all records and other information of a specific individual Validating the knowns & finding the unknowns: Structured and semi-structured data Email Name, SSN, State Email Customer ID Transcript csalazar@example.com mary@example.com mateo@example.com 19664 23423 99644 02945 Just talked to Carlos Salazar Mary's SSN is 000000000 Mateo is moving to Nevada It is expected to rain tomorrow Validating the knowns & finding the unknowns: Structured and semi-structured data Email Name, SSN, State Email Customer ID Transcript csalazar@example.com mary@example.com mateo@example.com 19664 23423 99644 02945 Just talked to Carlos Salazar Mary's SSN is 000000000 Mateo is moving to Nevada It is expected to rain tomorrow Email 4t34gttt 44e5325 0we&yrw Customer ID Transcript 7462391 1239474 9983487 Just talked to Jane Roe Jorge's SSN is 666666666 Sofia is moving to Texas 3344325 It is expected to rain tomorrow Finding the needles in the haystack: Unstructured data Social Security Number Full Name Your call will be recorded for quality assurance ……………..this is Shirley Rodriguez, and my social is six six six six six six six six six is there any more information you need for my app...........Customers Call Center SaaS, On premise AVRo, Parquet CSV, JSON, XML Structured & Richer file formats Batch Ingestion Oracle SQL Server Teradata DB, DWH, NoSQL, NewSQL, In-Memory Media Ingestion Video & Images Social & Web Logs Amazon Kinesis Streaming ETL IAM Directory Service AWS KMS Hashed PII Hashed PII 2nd Party PII Decentralized Hashed PII Matching HITCH Token+De-Identified Data PII Masking/Filter Amazon Redshift Spectrum Amazon Athena Payroll Providers Marketing Partners Insurance Providers 2nd Parties Amazon EMR Compute Cluster Amazon RDS Amazon Rekognition Image Scanning Amazon S3 Staging Data Processing at Scale Amazon DynamoDB Curated data Amazon S3 Data Lake Exploratory Analytics Amazon SageMaker Analytics Amazon QuickSight Amazon Elasticsearch Service Analysis, ML, Search, Reporting & Dashboards Data Catalog PII Compliance Amazon Macie AWS Glue Senate matching Match datasets without PII ever leaving your organization Private by design PII never leaves your organization's firewall Future-proof compliance The end of the PII honeypot Decentralized matching occurs on hash fragments Protect PII at all times Remain in control Matching subject to strict governance and licensing workflows Audit all matching The decentralized matching process Senate matching protects customer PII for data custodians: 1. Tokenization: Anonymizes PII by replacing it with random tokens when datasets are uploaded to the contributor node 2. Hashing: Protects PII by hashing (one-way, non reversible encryption)-original PII is not stored 3. Slicing: Distributes hash fragments across a distributed computing network 4. Matching: Provides a matching service to link identities across different contributor nodes, without disclosing data or putting it at risk of misuse 5. Governance: Performs these matches according to data exchange governance within Data Republic's Senate Platform 6. Auditable: Functions in a transparent and verifiable way so that analysts and custodians can build trust in the system, the data, and with each other Comparing methods for PII management The old way Custodian's database (CRM or EDW) contains customer PII data that must be protected The new way with senate matching The central data store is able to match customer records from multiple contributors Matched customer tokens are used by an analyst to link datasets Custodian's database (CRM or EDW) contains customer PII data that must be protected Senate Matching Contributor Node hashes the PII so that the original text is unrecoverable Hash values are sliced into parts and stored in a distributed network No single company can match or re-identify customer data Matched customer tokens are used by an analyst to link datasets Senate matching process Your org's environment The matcher network Customer database Contributor node Decentralized Network Aggregator node Aggregator node Custodian approves match request. The Matcher network sends their list of matches to the Aggregator Node, which sends decrypted tokens. The node returns the random tokens to the data custodian. After logging into the DR's Senate Platform Attribute data uploaded Data license + match approved Match Discovery workspace Anonymized data Custodian sends anonymized data to Senate by substituting any identifying information with the random token generated by their Contributor Node Thank you! David Potes @davidpotes © 2019, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Please complete the session survey in the mobile app. © 2019, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations First Published September 2016 Updated September 28, 2021 Notices Customers are responsible for making their own independent assessment of the information in this document. This document: (a) is for informational purposes only, (b) represents current AWS product offerings and practices, which are subject to change without notice, and (c) does not create any commitments or assurances from AWS and its affiliates, suppliers or licensors. AWS products or services are provided "as is" without warranties, representations, or conditions of any kind, whether express or implied. The responsibilities and liabilities of AWS to its customers are controlled by AWS agreements, and this document is not part of, nor does it modify, any agreement between AWS and its customers. © 2021 Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Contents Introduction .......................................................................................................................... 1 Considerations relevant to privacy and data protection ..................................................... 2 The AWS Shared Responsibility approach to managing cloud security ........................ 3 AWS Regions: Where will content be stored? .................................................................... 6 How can customers select their Region(s)? .................................................................... 7 Transfer of personal data cross border ........................................................................... 8 Who can access customer content? ................................................................................... 9 Customer control over content ......................................................................................... 9 AWS access to customer content .................................................................................. 10 Government rights of access ......................................................................................... 10 AWS policy on granting government access ................................................................. 10 Common privacy and data protection considerations ...................................................... 11 Privacy breaches ............................................................................................................... 17 Considerations ................................................................................................................... 17 Conclusion ......................................................................................................................... 17 Contributors ....................................................................................................................... 18 Further reading .................................................................................................................. 18 Document revisions ........................................................................................................... 19 Abstract This document provides information to assist customers who want to use Amazon Web Services (AWS) to store or process content containing personal data, in the context of common privacy and data protection considerations. It helps customers understand: • The way AWS services operate, including how customers can address security and encrypt their content. • The geographic locations where customers can choose to store content and other relevant considerations. • The respective roles the customer and AWS each play in managing and securing content stored on AWS. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Introduction This whitepaper focuses on typical questions asked by AWS customers when they are considering privacy and data protection requirements relevant to their use of AWS services to store or process content containing personal data. There are other relevant considerations for each customer to address; for example, a customer may need to comply with industry-specific requirements, the laws of other jurisdictions where that customer conducts business, or contractual commitments a customer makes to a third- party. This whitepaper is provided solely for informational purposes. It is not legal advice, and should not be relied on as legal advice. As each customer's requirements differ, AWS strongly encourages its customers to obtain appropriate advice on their implementation of privacy and data protection requirements, and on applicable laws and other requirements relevant to their business. The term "content" in this whitepaper refers to software (including virtual machine images), data, text, audio, video, images, and other content that a customer, or any end user, stores or processes using AWS.For example, a customer's content includes objects that the customer stores using Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), files stored on an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume, or the contents of an Amazon DynamoDB database table. Such content may, but will not necessarily, include personal data relating to that customer, its end users, or third parties. The terms of the AWS Customer Agreement, or any other relevant agreement with AWS governing the use of AWS services, apply to customer content. Customer content does not include data that a customer provides to AWS in connection with the creation or administration of its AWS accounts, such as a customer's names, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information. AWS refers to this as account information, and it is governed by the AWS Privacy Notice. AWS changes constantly, and the AWS Privacy Notice may also change. Check the website frequently to see recent changes. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Considerations relevant to privacy and data protection Storage of content presents all organizations with a number of common practical matters to consider, including: • Will the content be secure? • Where will content be stored? • Who will have access to content? • What laws and regulations apply to the content and what is needed to comply with these? These considerations are not new and are not cloud-specific. They are relevant to internally hosted and operated systems as well as traditional third-party hosted services. Each may involve storage of content on third-party equipment or on third-party premises, with that content managed, accessed or used by third-party personnel. When using AWS services, each AWS customer maintains ownership and control of their content, including control over: • What content they choose to store or process using AWS services • Which AWS services they use with their content • The Region(s) where their content is stored • The format, structure and security of their content, including whether it is masked, anonymized or encrypted • Who has access to their AWS accounts and content and how those access rights are granted, managed and revoked Because AWS customers retain ownership and control over their content within the AWS environment, they also retain responsibilities relating to the security of that content as part of the AWS "shared responsibility" model. This shared responsibility model is fundamental to understanding the respective roles of the customer and AWS in the context of privacy and data protection requirements that may apply to content that customers choose to store or process using AWS services. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations The AWS Shared Responsibility approach to managing cloud security Will customer content be secure? Moving IT infrastructure to AWS creates a shared responsibility model between the customer and AWS, as both the customer and AWS have important roles in the operation and management of security. AWS operates, manages, and controls the components from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the AWS services operate. The customer is responsible for management of the guest operating system (including updates and security patches to the guest operating system) and associated application software, as well as the configuration of the AWS provided security group firewall and other security- related features. The customer generally connects to the AWS environment through services the customer acquires from third parties (for example, internet service providers). AWS does not provide these connections; they are part of the customer's area of responsibility. Customers should consider the security of these connections and the security responsibilities of such third parties in relation to their systems. The respective roles of the customer and AWS in the shared responsibility model are shown in the following figure: The AWS Shared Responsibility Model Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations What does the shared responsibility model mean for the security of customer content? When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for customers to understand and distinguish between: • Security measures that the cloud service provider (AWS) implements and operates - "security of the cloud" • Security measures that the customer implements and operates, related to the security of customer content and applications that make use of AWS services - "security in the cloud".While AWS manages security of the cloud, security in the cloud is the responsibility of the customer, as customers retain control of what security they choose to implement to protect their own content, applications, systems, and networks - no differently than they would for applications in an onsite data center. Understanding security OF the cloud AWS is responsible for managing the security of the underlying cloud environment. The AWS Cloud infrastructure has been architected to be one of the most flexible and secure cloud computing environments available, designed to provide optimum availability while providing complete customer segregation. It provides extremely scalable, highly reliable services that enable customers to deploy applications and content quickly and securely, at massive global scale if necessary. AWS services are content agnostic, in that they offer the same high level of security to all customers, regardless of the type of content being stored, or the geographical Region in which they store their content. The AWS world-class, highly secure data centers utilize state-of-the-art electronic surveillance and multi-factor access control systems. Data centers are staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week by trained security guards, and access is authorized strictly on a least privileged basis. For a complete list of all the security measures built into the core AWS Cloud infrastructure, and services, see the Introduction to AWS Security whitepaper. AWS is vigilant about its customers' security, and has implemented sophisticated technical and physical measures against unauthorized access. Customers can validate the security controls in place within the AWS environment through AWS certifications and reports, including the AWS System and Organization Control (SOC) 1, 2 and 3 reports, ISO 27001, 27017, 27018 and 9001 certifications, and PCI DSS Attestation of Compliance. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations The AWS ISO 27018 certification demonstrates that AWS has a system of controls in place that specifically address the privacy protection of customer content. These reports and certifications are produced by independent third-party auditors, and attest to the design and operating effectiveness of AWS security controls. AWS compliance certifications and reports can be requested at AWS Artifact. More information on AWS compliance certifications, reports, and alignment with best practices and standards can be found on the AWS Compliance site. Understanding security IN the cloud Customers retain ownership and control of their content when using AWS services. Customers, rather than AWS, determine what content they store or process using AWS services. Because it is the customer who decides what content to store or process using AWS services, only the customer can determine what level of security is appropriate for the content they store and process using AWS. Customers also have complete control over which services they use, and whom they empower to access their content and services, including what credentials are required. Customers control how they configure their environments and secure their content, including whether they encrypt their content (at rest and in transit), and what other security features and tools they use and how they use them. AWS does not change customer configuration settings, as these settings are determined and controlled by the customer. AWS customers have the complete freedom to design their security architecture to meet their compliance needs. This is a key difference from traditional hosting solutions where the provider decides on the architecture. AWS enables and empowers the customer to decide when and how security measures are implemented in the cloud, in accordance with each customer's business needs. For example, if a higher availability architecture is required to protect customer content, the customer may add redundant systems, backups, locations, network uplinks, and so on to create a more resilient, high availability architecture. If restricted access to customer content is required, AWS enables the customer to implement access rights management controls both on a systems level and through encryption on a data level. To assist customers in designing, implementing, and operating their own secure AWS environment, AWS provides a wide selection of security tools and features customers can use. Customers can also use their own security tools and controls, including a wide variety of third-party security solutions. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Customers can configure their AWS services to leverage a range of such security features, tools and controls to protect their content, including sophisticated identity and access management tools, security capabilities, encryption and network security.Examples of steps customers can take to help secure their content include implementing: • Strong password policies, assigning appropriate permissions to users, and taking robust steps to protect their access keys. • Appropriate firewalls and network segmentation, encrypting content, and properly architecting systems to decrease the risk of data loss and unauthorized access. Because customers, rather than AWS, control these important factors, customers retain responsibility for their choices, and for security of the content they store or process using AWS services or that they connect to their AWS infrastructure, such as the guest operating system, applications on their compute instances, and content stored and processed in AWS storage, databases, or other services. AWS provides an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help customers manage their content effectively, including AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) and AWS CloudTrail. To assist customers in integrating AWS security controls into their existing control frameworks and help customers design and run security assessments of their organization's use of AWS services, AWS publishes a number of whitepapers relating to security, governance, risk and compliance; and a number of checklists and best practices. Customers are also free to design and run security assessments according to their own preferences, and can request permission to conduct scans of their cloud infrastructure as long as those scans are limited to the customer's compute instances and do not violate the AWS Acceptable Use Policy. For more information on penetration testing, see the Penetration Testing page. AWS Regions: Where will content be stored? AWS data centers are built in clusters in various Regions. Each of these data center clusters in a given country is referred to an "AWS Region". Customers have access to a number of AWS Regions around the world. Customers can choose to use one Region, all Regions, or any combination of AWS Regions. The following figure shows AWS Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Region locations as of August 2021. For the most current information on AWS Regions, see the Global Infrastructure page. AWS Regions AWS customers choose the AWS Region or Regions in which their content and servers are located. This allows customers with geographic specific requirements to establish environments in a location or locations of their choice. For example, AWS customers in India can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in one AWS Region such as the Asia Pacific (Mumbai) Region and store their content onshore in India, if this is their preferred location. If the customer makes this choice, AWS will not move their content from India without the customer's consent, except as legally required. Customers always retain control of which AWS Region(s) are used to store and process content. AWS stores and processes each customers' content only in the AWS Region(s) chosen by the customer, and otherwise will not move customer content without the customer's consent, except as legally required. How can customers select their Region(s)? When using the AWS Management Console, or in placing a request through an AWS Application Programming Interface (API), the customer identifies the particular AWS Region(s) where it wants to use AWS services. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations The following figure provides an example of the AWS Region selection menu presented to customers when uploading content to an AWS storage service or provisioning compute resources using the AWS Management Console. Selecting AWS Regions in the AWS Management Console Customers can also prescribe the AWS Region to be used for their compute resources by taking advantage of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) capability. Amazon VPC lets the customer provision a private, isolated section of the AWS Cloud where the customer can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that the customer defines. With Amazon VPC, customers can define a virtual network topology that closely resembles a traditional network that might operate in their own data center. Any compute and other resources launched by the customer into the VPC is located in the AWS Region designated by the customer. For example, by creating a VPC in the Asia Pacific (Mumbai) Region and providing a link (either a VPN or Direct Connect) back to the customer's data center, all compute resources launched into that VPC would only reside in the Asia Pacific (Mumbai) Region. This option can also be leveraged for other AWS Regions. Transfer of personal data cross border In 2016, the European Commission approved and adopted the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR replaced the EU Data Protection Directive, as well as all local laws relating to it. All AWS services comply with the GDPR.AWS Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations provides customers with services and resources to help them comply with GDPR requirements that may apply to their operations. These include AWS adherence to the CISPE code of conduct, granular data access controls, monitoring and logging tools, encryption, key management, audit capability, adherence to IT security standards and AWS C5 attestations. For additional information, see the AWS General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Center and the Navigating GDPR Compliance on AWS whitepaper. When using AWS services, customers may choose to transfer content containing personal data cross border, and they need to consider the legal requirements that apply to such transfers. AWS provides a Data Processing Addendum that includes the Standard Contractual Clauses 2010/87/EU (often referred to as "Model Clauses") to AWS customers transferring content containing personal data (as defined in the GDPR) from the EU to a country outside of the European Economic Area. With the AWS EU Data Processing Addendum and Model Clauses, AWS customers- whether established in Europe or a global company operating in the European Economic Area-can continue to run their global operations using AWS in full compliance with the GDPR. The AWS Data Processing Addendum is incorporated in the AWS Service Terms and applies automatically to the extent the GDPR applies to the customer's processing of personal data on AWS. Who can access customer content? Customer control over content Customers using AWS maintain and do not release effective control over their content within the AWS environment. They can: • Determine where their content will be located; for example, the type of storage they use on AWS and the geographic location (by AWS Region) of that storage. • Control the format, structure and security of their content, including whether it is masked, anonymized or encrypted. AWS offers customers options to implement strong encryption for their customer content in transit or at rest, and also provides customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys or use third-party encryption mechanisms of their choice. • Manage other access controls, such as identity access management, permissions, and security credentials. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations This allows AWS customers to control the entire lifecycle of their content on AWS, and manage their content in accordance with their own specific needs, including content classification, access control, retention, and deletion. AWS access to customer content AWS makes available to each customer the compute, storage, database, networking, or other services, as described on our website. Customers have a number of options to encrypt their content when using the services, including using AWS encryption features (such as AWS KMS), managing their own encryption keys, or using a third-party encryption mechanism of their own choice. AWS does not access or use customer content without the customer's consent, except as legally required. AWS never uses customer content or derives information from it for other purposes such as marketing or advertising. Government rights of access Queries are often raised about the rights of domestic and foreign government agencies to access content held in cloud services. Customers are often confused about issues of data sovereignty, including whether and in what circumstances governments may have access to their content. The local laws that apply in the jurisdiction where the content is located are an important consideration for some customers. However, customers also need to consider whether laws in other jurisdictions may apply to them. Customers should seek advice from their advisors to understand the application of relevant laws to their business and operations. AWS policy on granting government access AWS is vigilant about customers' security and does not disclose or move data in response to a request from the U.S. or other government unless legally required to do so to comply with a legally valid and binding order, such as a subpoena or a court order, or as is otherwise required by applicable law. Non-governmental or regulatory bodies typically must use recognized international processes, such as Mutual Legal Assistance Treaties with the U.S. government, to obtain valid and binding orders. Additionally, AWS notifies customers where practicable before disclosing their content so customers can seek protection from disclosure, unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so or there is clear indication of illegal conduct in connection with the use of AWS services. For additional information, see the Amazon Information Requests Portal online.Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Common privacy and data protection considerations Many countries have laws designed to protect the privacy of personal data. Some countries have one comprehensive data protection law, while others address data protection in a more nuanced way, through a variety of laws and regulations. While legal and regulatory requirements differ - including due to jurisdictional requirements, industry-specific requirements and content-specific requirements - there are some common considerations that arise under several leading data protection laws. These can be aligned to the typical lifecycle of personal data. To help customers analyze and address their privacy and data protection requirements when using AWS to store and process content containing personal data, this whitepaper discusses various stages of this data lifecycle, identify key considerations relevant to each stage, and provide relevant information about how the AWS services operate. Many data protection laws allocate responsibilities regarding how a party interacts with personal data, and the level of access and control they have over that personal data. One common approach is to distinguish between a data controller, data processor, and data subject. The terminology used in different jurisdictions may vary, and some laws make more subtle distinctions. AWS appreciates that its services are used in many different contexts for different business purposes, and that there may be multiple parties involved in the data lifecycle of personal data included in customer content stored or processed using AWS. For simplicity, the guidance in the following table assumes that, in the context of customer content stored or processed using AWS, the customer: • Collects personal data from its end users or other individuals (data subjects), and determines the purpose for which the customer requires and will use the personal data. • Has the capacity to control who can access, update, and use the personal data. • Manages the relationship with the individual about whom the personal data relates (referred to in this section as a data subject), including by communicating with the data subject as required to comply with any relevant disclosure and consent requirements. As such, the customer performs a role similar to that of a data controller, as it controls its content and makes decisions about treatment of that content, including who is Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations authorized to process that content on its behalf. By comparison, AWS performs a role similar to that of a data processor, because AWS uses customer content only to provide the AWS services selected by each customer to that customer, and does not use customer content for other purposes without the customer's consent. Note that the terms "data processor" and "data controller" have a very distinct meaning under EU law, and this whitepaper is not intended to address specific EU requirements. Where a customer processes personal data using the AWS services on behalf of and according to the directions of a third-party (who may be the controller of the personal data or another third-party with whom it has a business relationship), the customer responsibilities referenced in the following table will be shared and managed between the customer and that third party. Table 1 -Data lifecycle stage summary, examples, and considerations Data lifecycle stage Collecting personal data Summary and examples It may be appropriate or necessary to inform individuals (data subjects) or seek their consent before collecting their personal data. This may include notification about the purpose for which their information will be collected, used or disclosed. Considerations Customer: The customer determines and controls when, how, and why it collects personal data from individuals, and decides whether it will include that personal data in customer content it stores or processes using the AWS services. The customer may need to disclose the purposes for which it collects that data to the relevant data subjects, obtain the data from a permitted source, and use the data only for a permitted purpose. As between the customer and AWS, the customer has a relationship with the individuals whose personal data the customer stores on AWS, and therefore the customer is able to communicate directly with AWS about collection and treatment of their personal data. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Data lifecycle stage Summary and examples Considerations Using and disclosing personal data Requirements may differ depending on who personal data is collected from (for example, the requirements may differ if personal data is collected from a third-party source instead of directly from the individual).Collection of personal data may only be permitted if it is for a valid or reasonable purpose. The customer rather than AWS also knows the scope of any notifications given to, or consents obtained by the customer from, such individuals relating to the collection of their personal data. AWS: AWS does not collect personal data from individuals whose personal data is included in content a customer stores or processes using AWS, and AWS has no contact with those individuals. Therefore, AWS is unable in these circumstances to communicate with the relevant individuals. AWS uses customer content only to provide the AWS services selected by each customer to that customer, and does not use customer content for any other purposes without the customer's consent. It may be appropriate or necessary to use or disclose personal data only for the purpose for which it was collected. Customer: The customer determines and controls why it collects personal data, what it will be used for, who it can be used by, and who it is disclosed to. The customer must ensure it only does so for permitted purposes. The customer will know whether it uses the AWS services to store or process customer content containing personal data, and therefore is best placed to inform individuals that it will use AWS as a service provider, if required. AWS: AWS uses customer content only to provide the AWS services selected by each customer to that customer, and does not use customer content for other purposes without the customer's consent. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Data lifecycle stage Offshoring personal data Summary and examples If transferring personal data offshore, it may be necessary or appropriate to inform individuals (data subjects) of the countries in which the customer will store their personal data, and/or seek consent to store their personal data in that location. It may also be important to consider the comparable protections afforded by the privacy regime in the relevant country where personal data will reside. Considerations Customer: The customer can choose the AWS Region or Regions in which their content will be located and can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in a single Region if preferred. The customer should consider whether it should disclose to individuals the locations in which it stores or processes their personal data and obtain any required consents relating to such locations from the relevant individuals if necessary. As between the customer and AWS, the customer has a relationship with the individuals whose personal data the customer stores on AWS, and therefore the customer is able to communicate directly with them about such matters. AWS: AWS stores and processes each customers' content only in the AWS Region(s), and using the services, chosen by the customer, and otherwise will not move customer content without the customer's consent, except as legally required. If a customer chooses to store content in more than one Region, or copy or move content between Regions, that is solely the customer's choice, and the customer will continue to maintain effective control of its content, wherever it is stored and processed. General: AWS is ISO 27001 certified and offers robust security features to all customers, regardless of the geographical Region in which they store their content. Securing personal data It is important to take steps to protect the security of personal data. Customer: Customers are responsible for security in the cloud, including security of their content (and personal data included in their content). Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Data lifecycle stage Summary and examples Considerations Examples of steps customers can take to help secure their content include implementing strong password policies, assigning appropriate permissions to users and taking robust steps to protect their access keys, as well as appropriate firewalls and network segmentation, encrypting content, and properly architecting systems to decrease the risk of data loss and unauthorized access. AWS: AWS is responsible for managing the security of the underlying cloud environment. For a complete list of all the security measures built into the core AWS Cloud infrastructure, and services, see the Introduction to AWS Security whitepaper. Customers can validate the security controls in place within the AWS environment through AWS certifications and reports, including the AWS System and Organization Control (SOC) 1, 2 and 3 reports, ISO 27001, 27017, and 27018 certifications, and PCI DSS Attestation of Compliance. Customer: The customer retains control of content stored or processed using AWS, including control over how that content is secured and who can access and amend that content.In addition, as between the customer and AWS, the customer has a relationship with the individuals whose personal data is included in customer content stored or processed using AWS services. The customer rather than AWS is therefore able to work with relevant individuals to provide them access to, and the ability to correct, personal data included in customer content. Accessing and correcting personal data Individuals (data subjects) may have right to access their personal data, including for the purposes of correcting it. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Data lifecycle stage Summary and examples Considerations Maintaining the quality of personal data It may be important to ensure that personal data is accurate, and that integrity of that personal data is maintained. Deleting or de- identifying personal data Personal data typically should not be kept for longer than is reasonably required, and otherwise should be retained in accordance with relevant data retention laws. AWS: AWS only uses customer content to provide the AWS services selected by each customer to that customer or as otherwise consented to by the customer. AWS does not have a direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data is included in content a customer stores or processes using the AWS services. Given this, and the level of control customers enjoy over customer content, AWS does not provide individuals with access to, or the ability to correct, their personal data. Customer: When a customer chooses to store or process content containing personal data using AWS, the customer has control over the quality of that content and the customer retains access to and can correct it. This means that the customer can keep the personal data included in customer content accurate, complete, not misleading, and up-to-date. AWS: The AWS SOC 1, Type 2 report includes controls that provide reasonable assurance that data integrity is maintained through all phases including transmission, storage, and processing. Customer: Only the customer knows why personal data included in customer content stored on AWS was collected, and only the customer knows when it is no longer necessary to retain that personal data for legitimate purposes. The customer should delete or anonymize the personal data when no longer needed. AWS: The AWS services provide the customer with controls to enable the customer to delete content, as described in the AWS Documentation. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations Privacy breaches Given that customers maintain control of their content when using AWS, customers retain the responsibility to monitor their own environment for privacy breaches and to notify regulators, and affected individuals as required under applicable law. Only the customer can manage this responsibility. For example, customers control access keys, and determine who is authorized to access their AWS account. AWS does not have visibility of access keys, or who is and who is not authorized to log into an account. Therefore, the customer is responsible for monitoring use, misuse, distribution, or loss of access keys. In some jurisdictions it is mandatory to notify individuals or a regulator of unauthorized access to or disclosure of their personal data. There are circumstances in which notifying individuals will be the best approach to mitigate risk, even though it is not mandatory under the applicable law. The customer determines when it is appropriate or necessary for them to notify individuals, and the notification process they will follow. Considerations Customers should consider the specific requirements that apply to them, including any industry-specific requirements. The relevant privacy and data protection laws and regulations applicable to individual customers depend on several factors, including where a customer conducts business, the industry in which they operate, the type of content they want to store, where or from whom the content originates, and where the content will be stored. Customers concerned about their privacy regulatory obligations should first ensure they identify and understand the requirements that apply to them, and seek appropriate advice. Conclusion For AWS, security is always top priority. AWS delivers services to millions of active customers, including enterprises, educational institutions, and government agencies in over 190 countries. AWS customers include financial services providers and healthcare providers, and AWS is trusted with some of their most sensitive information. Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations AWS services are designed to give customers flexibility over how they configure and deploy their solutions and how they control their content, including where it is stored, how it is stored, and who has access to it.AWS customers can build their own secure applications and store content securely on AWS. Contributors Contributors to this document include: • Simon Hollander, AWS Legal, Senior Corporate Counsel • Jonathan Hatae, AWS Legal, Senior Corporate Counsel Further reading To help customers further understand how they can address their privacy and data protection requirements, customers are encouraged to read the risk, compliance, and security whitepapers, best practices, checklists, and guidance published on the AWS website. This material can be found at: • http://aws.amazon.com/compliance • http://aws.amazon.com/security As of the date of this writing, specific whitepapers about privacy and data protection considerations are also available for the following countries or Regions: • California • European Union • Germany • Australia • Hong Kong • Japan • Malaysia • New Zealand • Philippines Amazon Web Services Using AWS in the Context of Common Privacy and Data Protection Considerations • Singapore AWS also offers training to help customers learn how to design, develop, and operate available, efficient, and secure applications on the AWS Cloud, and gain proficiency with AWS services and solutions. AWS offers free instructional videos, self-paced labs, and instructor-led classes. Further information on AWS training is available at: http://aws.amazon.com/training/. AWS certifications certify the technical skills and knowledge associated with the best practices for building secure and reliable cloud-based applications using AWS technology. Further information on AWS certifications is available at: http://aws.amazon.com/certification/. If you require further information, contact AWS at: https://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/ or contact your local AWS account representative. Document revisions Date Description September 28, 2021 Refreshed to reflect latest information about AWS services and infrastructure May 2018 Fourth Publication February 2018 Third Publication December 2016 September 2016 Second Publication First PublicationAWS DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM This Data Processing Addendum ("DPA") supplements the AWS Customer Agreement available at http://aws.amazon.com/agreement, as updated from time to time between Customer and AWS, or other agreement between Customer and AWS governing Customer's use of the Services (the "Agreement"). This DPA is an agreement between you and the entity you represent ("Customer", "you" or "your") and Amazon Web Services, Inc. and the AWS Contracting Party or AWS Contracting Parties (as applicable) under the Agreement (together "AWS"). Unless otherwise defined in this DPA or in the Agreement, all capitalized terms used in this DPA will have the meanings given to them in Section 17 of this DPA. Data Processing. 1.1 1.2 Scope and Roles. This DPA applies when Customer Data is processed by AWS. In this context, AWS will act as processor to Customer, who can act either as controller or processor of Customer Data. Customer Controls. Customer can use the Service Controls to assist it with its obligations under Applicable Data Protection Law, including its obligations to respond to requests from data subjects. Taking into account the nature of the processing, Customer agrees that it is unlikely that AWS would become aware that Customer Data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clauses is inaccurate or outdated. Nonetheless, if AWS becomes aware that Customer Data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clauses is inaccurate or outdated, it will inform Customer without undue delay. AWS will cooperate with Customer to erase or rectify inaccurate or outdated Customer Data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clauses by providing the Service Controls that Customer can use to erase or rectify Customer Data. 1.3 Details of Data Processing. 1.3.1 Subject matter. The subject matter of the data processing under this DPA is Customer Data. 1.3.2 Duration. As between AWS and Customer, the duration of the data processing under this DPA is determined by Customer. 1.3.3 Purpose. The purpose of the data processing under this DPA is the provision of the Services initiated by Customer from time to time. 1.3.4 Nature of the processing. Compute, storage and such other Services as described in the Documentation and initiated by Customer from time to time. 1.3.5 1.3.6 Type of Customer Data. Customer's AWS accounts. Customer Data uploaded to the Services under Categories of data subjects. customers, employees, suppliers and End Users. The data subjects could include Customer's 1.4 Compliance with Laws. Each party will comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to it and binding on it in the performance of this DPA, including Applicable Data Protection Law. Customer Instructions. The parties agree that this DPA and the Agreement (including Customer providing instructions via configuration tools such as the AWS management console and APIs made available by AWS for the Services) constitute Customer's documented instructions regarding AWS's processing of Customer Data ("Documented Instructions"). AWS will process Customer Data only in accordance with Documented Instructions (which if Customer is acting as a processor, could be based on the instructions of its controllers). Additional instructions outside the scope of the Documented Instructions (if any) require prior written agreement between AWS and Customer, including agreement on any additional fees payable by Customer to AWS for carrying out such instructions. Customer is entitled to terminate this DPA and the Agreement if AWS declines to follow instructions requested by Customer that are outside the scope of, or changed from, those given or agreed to be given in this DPA. Taking into account the nature of the processing, Customer agrees that it is unlikely AWS can form an opinion on whether Documented Instructions infringe Applicable Data Protection Law. If AWS forms such an opinion, it will immediately inform Customer, in which case, Customer is entitled to withdraw or modify its Documented Instructions. Confidentiality of Customer Data. AWS will not access or use, or disclose to any third party, any Customer Data, except, in each case, as necessary to maintain or provide the Services, or as necessary to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body (such as a subpoena or court order). If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for Customer Data, AWS will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from Customer. As part of this effort, AWS may provide Customer's basic contact information to the governmental body. If compelled to disclose Customer Data to a governmental body, then AWS will give Customer reasonable notice of the demand to allow Customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. Confidentiality Obligations of AWS Personnel.AWS restricts its personnel from processing Customer Data without authorization by AWS as described in the Security Standards. AWS imposes appropriate contractual obligations upon its personnel, including relevant obligations regarding confidentiality, data protection and data security. Security of Data Processing 5.1 AWS has implemented and will maintain the technical and organizational measures for the AWS Network as described in the Security Standards and this Section. In particular, AWS has implemented and will maintain the following technical and organizational measures: (a) (b) (c) (d) security of the AWS Network as set out in Section 1.1 of the Security Standards; physical security of the facilities as set out in Section 1.2 of the Security Standards; measures to control access rights for authorized personnel to the AWS Network as set out in Section 1.3 of the Security Standards; and processes for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of the technical and organizational measures implemented by AWS as described in Section 2 of the Security Standards. 5.2 Customer can elect to implement technical and organizational measures to protect Customer Data. Such technical and organizational measures include the following which can be obtained by Customer from AWS as described in the Documentation, or directly from a third-party supplier: (a) (b) pseudonymization and encryption to ensure an appropriate level of security; measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the processing systems and services that are operated by Customer; measures to allow Customer to backup and archive appropriately in order to restore availability and access to Customer Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and (c) processes for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of the technical and organizational measures implemented by Customer. Sub-processing. 6.1 Authorized Sub-processors. Customer provides general authorization to AWS's use of sub-processors to provide processing activities on Customer Data on behalf of Customer ("Sub-processors") in accordance with this Section. The AWS website (currently posted at https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/sub-processors/) lists Sub-processors that are currently engaged by AWS. At least 30 days before AWS engages a Sub-processor, AWS will update the applicable website and provide Customer with a mechanism to obtain notice of that update. To object to a Sub-processor, Customer can: (i) terminate the Agreement pursuant to its terms; (ii) cease using the Service for which AWS has engaged the Sub-processor; or (iii) move the relevant Customer Data to another Region where AWS has not engaged the Sub-processor. 6.2 Sub-processor Obligations. Where AWS authorizes a Sub-processor as described in Section 6.1: (i) (ii) (iii) AWS will restrict the Sub-processor's access to Customer Data only to what is necessary to provide or maintain the Services in accordance with the Documentation, and AWS will prohibit the Sub-processor from accessing Customer Data for any other purpose; AWS will enter into a written agreement with the Sub-processor and, to the extent that the Sub-processor performs the same data processing services provided by AWS under this DPA, AWS will impose on the Sub-processor the same contractual obligations that AWS has under this DPA; and AWS will remain responsible for its compliance with the obligations of this DPA and for any acts or omissions of the Sub-processor that cause AWS to breach any of AWS's obligations under this DPA. AWS Assistance with Data Subject Requests. Taking into account the nature of the processing, the Service Controls are the technical and organizational measures by which AWS will assist Customer in fulfilling Customer's obligations to respond to data subjects' requests under Applicable Data Protection Law. If a data subject makes a request to AWS, AWS will promptly forward such request to Customer once AWS has identified that the request is from a data subject for whom Customer is responsible. Customer authorizes on its behalf, and on behalf of its controllers when Customer is acting as a processor, AWS to respond to any data subject who makes a request to AWS, to confirm that AWS has forwarded the request to Customer. The parties agree that Customer's use of the Service Controls and AWS forwarding data subjects' requests to Customer in accordance with this Section, represent the scope and extent of Customer's required assistance. Optional Security Features. AWS makes available many Service Controls that Customer can elect to use.Customer is responsible for (a) implementing the measures described in Section 5.2, as appropriate, (b) properly configuring the Services, (c) using the Service Controls to allow Customer to restore the availability and access to Customer Data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident (for example backups and routine archiving of Customer Data), and (d) taking such steps as Customer considers adequate to maintain appropriate security, protection, and deletion of Customer Data, which includes use of encryption technology to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access and measures to control access rights to Customer Data. Security Incident Notification. 9.1 9.2 Security Incident. AWS will (a) notify Customer of a Security Incident without undue delay after becoming aware of the Security Incident, and (b) take appropriate measures to address the Security Incident, including measures to mitigate any adverse effects resulting from the Security Incident. AWS Assistance. To enable Customer to notify a Security Incident to supervisory authorities or data subjects (as applicable), AWS will cooperate with and assist Customer by including in the notification under Section 9.1(a) such information about the Security Incident as AWS is able to disclose to Customer, taking into account the nature of the processing, the information available to AWS, and any restrictions on disclosing the information, such as confidentiality. Taking into account the nature of the processing, Customer agrees that it is best able to determine the likely consequences of a Security Incident. 9.3 Unsuccessful Security Incidents. Customer agrees that: (i) (ii) an unsuccessful Security Incident will not be subject to this Section 9. An unsuccessful Security Incident is one that results in no unauthorized access to Customer Data or to any of AWS's equipment or facilities storing Customer Data, and could include, without limitation, pings and other broadcast attacks on firewalls or edge servers, port scans, unsuccessful log-on attempts, denial of service attacks, packet sniffing (or other unauthorized access to traffic data that does not result in access beyond headers) or similar incidents; and AWS's obligation to report or respond to a Security Incident under this Section 9 is not and will not be construed as an acknowledgement by AWS of any fault or liability of AWS with respect to the Security Incident. Communication. Notification(s) of Security Incidents, if any, will be delivered to one or more of Customer's administrators by any means AWS selects, including via email. It is Customer's sole responsibility to ensure Customer's administrators maintain accurate contact information on the AWS management console and secure transmission at all times. Notification Obligations. If AWS notifies Customer of a Security Incident, or Customer otherwise becomes aware of any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Customer Data, Customer will be responsible for (a) determining if there is any resulting notification or other obligation under Applicable Data Protection Law and (b) taking necessary action to comply with those obligations. This does not limit AWS's obligations under this Section 9. 9.4 9.5 10. AWS Certifications and Audits. 10.1 AWS ISO-Certification and SOC Reports. In addition to the information contained in this DPA, upon Customer's request, and provided that the parties have an applicable NDA in place, AWS will make available the following documents and information: (i) the certificates issued for the ISO 27001 certification, the ISO 27017 certification, the ISO 27018 certification, and the ISO 27701 certification (or the certifications or other documentation evidencing compliance with such alternative standards as are substantially equivalent to ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, and ISO 27701); and (ii) the System and Organization Controls (SOC) 1 Report, the System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Report and the System and Organization Controls (SOC) 3 Report (or the reports or other documentation describing the controls implemented by AWS that replace or are substantially equivalent to the SOC 1, SOC 2 and SOC 3). AWS Audits. AWS uses external auditors to verify the adequacy of its security measures, including the security of the physical data centers from which AWS provides the Services. This audit: (a) will be performed at least annually; (b) will be performed according to ISO 27001 standards or such other alternative standards that are substantially equivalent to ISO 27001; (c) will be performed by independent third-party security professionals at AWS's selection and expense; and (d) will result in the generation of an audit report ("Report"), which will be AWS's Confidential Information. Audit Reports.At Customer's written request, and provided that the parties have an applicable NDA in place, AWS will provide Customer with a copy of the Report so that Customer can reasonably verify AWS's compliance with its obligations under this DPA. Privacy Impact Assessment and Prior Consultation. Taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available to AWS, AWS will assist Customer in complying with Customer's obligations in respect of data protection impact assessments and prior consultation, by providing the information AWS makes available under this Section 10. 10.2 10.3 10.4 11. Customer Audits. Customer chooses to conduct any audit, including any inspection, it has the right to request or mandate on its own behalf, and on behalf of its controllers when Customer is acting as a processor, under Applicable Data Protection Law or the Standard Contractual Clauses, by instructing AWS to carry out the audit described in Section 10. If Customer wishes to change this instruction regarding the audit, then Customer has the right to request a change to this instruction by sending AWS written notice as provided for in the Agreement. If AWS declines to follow any instruction requested by Customer regarding audits, including inspections, Customer is entitled to terminate the Agreement in accordance with its terms. 12. Transfers of Personal Data. 12.1 12.2 Regions. Customer can specify the location(s) where Customer Data will be processed within the AWS Network (each a "Region"), including Regions in the EEA. Once Customer has made its choice, AWS will not transfer Customer Data from Customer's selected Region(s) except as necessary to provide the Services initiated by Customer, or as necessary to comply with the law or valid and binding order of a governmental body. Application of Standard Contractual Clauses. Subject to Section 12.3, the Standard Contractual Clauses will only apply to Customer Data subject to the GDPR that is transferred, either directly or via onward transfer, to any Third Country (each a "Data Transfer"). 12.2.1 When Customer is acting as a controller, the Controller-to-Processor Clauses will apply to a Data Transfer. 12.2.2 When Customer is acting as a processor, the Processor-to-Processor Clauses will apply to a Data Transfer. Taking into account the nature of the processing, Customer agrees that it is unlikely that AWS will know the identity of Customer's controllers because AWS has no direct relationship with Customer's controllers and therefore, Customer will fulfil AWS's obligations to Customer's controllers under the Processor-to-Processor Clauses. 12.3 Alternative Transfer Mechanism. The Standard Contractual Clauses will not apply to a Data Transfer if AWS has adopted Binding Corporate Rules for Processors or an alternative recognized compliance standard for lawful Data Transfers. 13. 14. 15. 16. Termination of the DPA. This DPA will continue in force until the termination of the Agreement (the "Termination Date"). Return or Deletion of Customer Data. At any time up to the Termination Date, and for 90 days following the Termination Date, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, AWS will return or delete Customer Data when Customer uses the Service Controls to request such return or deletion. No later than the end of this 90-day period, Customer will close all AWS accounts containing Customer Data. Duties to Inform. Where Customer Data becomes subject to confiscation during bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, or similar measures by third parties while being processed by AWS, AWS will inform Customer without undue delay. AWS will, without undue delay, notify all relevant parties in such action (for example, creditors, bankruptcy trustee) that any Customer Data subjected to those proceedings is Customer's property and area of responsibility and that Customer Data is at Customer's sole disposition. Entire Agreement; Conflict. This DPA incorporates the Standard Contractual Clauses by reference. Except as amended by this DPA, the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. If there is a conflict between the Agreement and this DPA, the terms of this DPA will control, except that the Service Terms will control over this DPA. Nothing in this document varies or modifies the Standard Contractual Clauses. 17. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined in the Agreement, all capitalized terms used in this DPA will have the meanings given to them below: "API" means an application program interface. "Applicable Data Protection Law" means all laws and regulations applicable to and binding on the processing of Customer Data by a party, including, as applicable, the GDPR. "AWS Network" means the servers, networking equipment, and host software systems (for example, virtual firewalls) that are within AWS's control and are used to provide the Services. "Binding Corporate Rules" has the meaning given to it in the GDPR. "controller" has the meaning given to it in the GDPR.and (EU) located currently 2021/914 "Controller-to-Processor Clauses" means the standard contractual clauses between controllers and processors for Data Transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing 2021, June Decision https://d1.awsstatic.com/Controller_to_Processor_SCCs.pdf. "Customer Data" means the Personal Data that is uploaded to the Services under Customer's AWS accounts. "Documentation" means the then-current documentation for the Services located at http://aws.amazon.com/documentation (and any successor locations designated by AWS). "EEA" means the European Economic Area. "GDPR" means Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation). "Personal Data" means personal data, personal information, personally identifiable information or other equivalent term (each as defined in Applicable Data Protection Law). "processing" has the meaning given to it in the GDPR and "process", "processes" and "processed" will be interpreted accordingly. "processor" has the meaning given to it in the GDPR. "Processor-to-Processor Clauses" means the standard contractual clauses between processors for Data Transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021, and currently located at https://d1.awsstatic.com/Processor_to_Processor_SCCs.pdf. "Region" has the meaning given to it in Section 12.1 of this DPA. "Security Incident" means a breach of AWS's security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Customer Data. "Security Standards" means the security standards attached to this DPA as Annex 1. "Service Controls" means the controls, including security features and functionalities, that the Services provide, as described in the Documentation. "Standard Contractual Clauses" means (i) the Controller-to-Processor Clauses, or (ii) the Processor- to-Processor Clauses, as applicable in accordance with Sections 12.2.1 and 12.2.2. "Third Country" means a country outside the EEA not recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data (as described in the GDPR). Annex 1 Security Standards Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this document have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. Information Security Program. AWS will maintain an information security program designed to (a) enable Customer to secure Customer Data against accidental or unlawful loss, access, or disclosure, (b) identify reasonably foreseeable risks to the security and availability of the AWS Network, and (c) minimize physical and logical security risks to the AWS Network, including through regular risk assessment and testing. AWS will designate one or more employees to coordinate and be accountable for the information security program. AWS's information security program will include the following measures: 1.1 Logical Security. A. Access Controls. AWS will make the AWS Network accessible only to authorized personnel, and only as necessary to maintain and provide the Services. AWS will maintain access controls and policies to manage authorizations for access to the AWS Network from each network connection and user, including through the use of firewalls or functionally equivalent technology and authentication controls. AWS will maintain access controls designed to (i) restrict unauthorized access to data, and (ii) segregate each customer's data from other customers' data. B. Restricted User Access. AWS will (i) provision and restrict user access to the AWS Network in accordance with least privilege principles based on personnel job functions, (ii) require review and approval prior to provisioning access to the AWS Network above least privileged principles, including administrator accounts; (iii) require at least quarterly review of AWS Network access privileges and, where necessary, revoke AWS Network access privileges in a timely manner, and (iv) require two- factor authentication for access to the AWS Network from remote locations. C. Vulnerability Assessments. AWS will perform regular external vulnerability assessments and penetration testing of the AWS Network, and will investigate identified issues and track them to resolution in a timely manner. D. Application Security. Before publicly launching new Services or significant new features of Services, AWS will perform application security reviews designed to identify, mitigate and remediate security risks. E. Change Management. AWS will maintain controls designed to log, authorize, test, approve and document changes to existing AWS Network resources, and will document change details within its change management or deployment tools.AWS will test changes according to its change management standards prior to migration to production. AWS will maintain processes designed to detect unauthorized changes to the AWS Network and track identified issues to a resolution. F. Data Integrity. AWS will maintain controls designed to provide data integrity during transmission, storage and processing within the AWS Network. AWS will provide Customer the ability to delete Customer Data from the AWS Network. G. Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery. AWS will maintain a formal risk management program designed to support the continuity of its critical business functions ("Business Continuity Program"). The Business Continuity Program includes processes and procedures for identification of, response to, and recovery from, events that could prevent or materially impair AWS's provision of the Services (a "BCP Event"). The Business Continuity Program includes a three-phased approach that AWS will follow to manage BCP Events: (i) Activation & Notification Phase. As AWS identifies issues likely to result in a BCP Event, AWS will escalate, validate and investigate those issues. During this phase, AWS will analyze the root cause of the BCP Event. (ii) Recovery Phase. AWS assigns responsibility to the appropriate teams to take steps to restore normal system functionality or stabilize the affected Services. (iii) Reconstitution Phase. AWS leadership reviews actions taken and confirms that the recovery effort is complete and the affected portions of the Services and AWS Network have been restored. Following such confirmation, AWS conducts a post-mortem analysis of the BCP Event. H. Incident Management. AWS will maintain corrective action plans and incident response plans to respond to potential security threats to the AWS Network. AWS incident response plans will have defined processes to detect, mitigate, investigate, and report security incidents. The AWS incident response plans include incident verification, attack analysis, containment, data collection, and problem remediation. AWS will maintain an AWS Security Bulletin (as of the Effective Date, http://aws.amazon.com/security/security-bulletins/) which publishes and communicates security related information that may affect the Services and provides guidance to mitigate the risks identified. I. Storage Media Decommissioning. AWS will maintain a media decommissioning process that is conducted prior to final disposal of storage media used to store Customer Data. Prior to final disposal, storage media that was used to store Customer Data will be degaussed, erased, purged, physically destroyed, or otherwise sanitized in accordance with industry standard practices designed to ensure that the Customer Data cannot be retrieved from the applicable type of storage media. 1.2 Physical Security. A. Access Controls. AWS will (i) implement and maintain physical safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized physical access, damage, or interference to the AWS Network, (ii) use appropriate control devices to restrict physical access to the AWS Network to only authorized personnel who have a legitimate business need for such access, (iii) monitor physical access to the AWS Network using intrusion detection systems designed to monitor, detect, and alert appropriate personnel of security incidents, (iv) log and regularly audit physical access to the AWS Network, and (v) perform periodic reviews to validate adherence with these standards. B. Availability. AWS will (i) implement redundant systems for the AWS Network designed to minimize the effect of a malfunction on the AWS Network, (ii) design the AWS Network to anticipate and tolerate hardware failures, and (iii) implement automated processes designed to move customer data traffic away from the affected area in the case of hardware failure. 1.3 AWS Employees. A. Employee Security Training. AWS will implement and maintain employee security training programs regarding AWS information security requirements. The security awareness training programs will be reviewed and updated at least annually. B. Background Checks. Where permitted by law, and to the extent available from applicable governmental authorities, AWS will require that each employee undergo a background investigation that is reasonable and appropriate for that employee's position and level of access to the AWS Network. Continued Evaluation. AWS will conduct periodic reviews of the information security program for the AWS Network. AWS will update or alter its information security program as necessary to respond to new security risks and to take advantage of new technologies.