GAP INC. PRIVACY POLICY LAST UPDATED: JULY 1, 2021 English Español Français Canada Français France Italiano Deutsch 1. INTRODUCTION At Gap Inc., we strive every day to build the world's most popular, authentic and iconic brands. Trust is the cornerstone of a great brand, and respecting the privacy rights of our customers is an integral part of building that trust. This privacy policy explains how we collect and use your personal information to serve you. The basic terms of this policy cover all of Gap Inc.'s consumer facing operations in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and European Union. You can click on the geographic regions below to see additional terms that apply specifically to our customers in those regions. The region-specific terms of this policy only apply to the Gap companies that are in those geographic locations, or as applicable law requires. You can see a list of which brands and affiliates operate in a specific geographic region here. United States Gap Inc.'s affiliated brands in the United States include Gap, Gap Factory, Banana Republic, Banana Republic Factory, Old Navy, Janie and Jack, Athleta, and Intermix. Canada Gap Inc's affiliated brands in Canada include Gap, Gap Factory, Banana Republic, Banana Republic Factory, Old Navy, Athleta and Intermix. United Kingdom and European Union Gap Inc.'s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and European Union include Gap, Gap Outlet, Gap Stock, Banana Republic and Banana Republic Factory. For a complete list of our companies, click here. To contact the customer service department that serves your region, please see the "Have questions or concerns" section of this policy. 2. YOUR RIGHT TO CONTROL HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED You have the right to make requests regarding your personal information. You can: • Review the personal information we have about you or request a copy of it • Ask us to update or correct personal information if it is inaccurate • Request that we delete your personal information • Opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties for some purposes, including sharing that may be defined as a sale under applicable laws • Object to certain types of uses of your personal information • Make choices about receiving email marketing • Tell us which cookies you want us to use when you shop online by clicking on the "Interest Based Ads" link at the bottom of our Canadian websites, or using the cookie banners on our UK or EU websites These rights vary depending on where you reside. But we will make reasonable efforts to honor your request, even if your country or state does not require us to do so. If you ask us to delete or stop using your personal information, we may not be able to honor that request if the information is required to process your payments or returns, fulfill your order, or comply with tax, audit or regulatory requirements. To submit a request for access or deletion of your personal information, please click here. You may also contact us to make any requests related to your personal information. Residents of California have additional rights. Click here to learn more. California Privacy Rights Shine the Light California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Gap Inc. who are California residents to request certain information regarding and/or opt-out of our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address: Gap Inc. - California Privacy Rights Legal Department 2 Folsom Street San Francisco, CA 94105 California Consumer Privacy Act California residents may request copies of the data collected about them in the past 12 months through the process described in section 2 above. Sections 3 through 8 of this policy describe the categories of personal information we collect, our methods of collection, the business or commercial purpose for collection, and categories of third parties we disclose information to. You can download a copy of this policy at any time by clicking the "Downloadable PDF" button. You may submit a request for access or deletion of your personal information through an authorized agent by following the process described in section 2 above, however we will require you to verify your own identity. Our Athleta brand shares names, mailing addresses, and shipping histories of our California customers with a cooperative of catalog publishers, which may be considered a sale under California law. You can opt out of this data sharing by clicking here or by clicking the "Do Not Sell My Info" link at the bottom of our e- commerce websites. We also deploy cookies on our websites that collect data from our customers, which may also be considered a sale of data under California law. You can opt out of this program by clicking on the "Do Not Sell My Info" link at the bottom of our e- commerce websites. Loyalty Programs and Financial Incentives Disclosure Gap Inc.provides special offers and benefits to customers who participate in our Gap Inc. Loyalty Rewards Program (Old Navy Navyist Rewards, Banana Republic Rewards, Athleta Rewards, Gap Good Rewards) (collectively, the "Loyalty Rewards Program") or sign up to receive communications from us via email, text, chat, and social media. The information we request from customers when they sign up may include the customer's email address or phone number as well as name, partial birthday, product preferences or other information that allows us to tailor our communications. Customers may opt-in online or in stores, and can opt out of the programs at any time by contacting a customer service representative, or by using the unsubscribe methods provided for that communication channel such as unsubscribe links in email messages, replying "Stop" to text messages. • Loyalty Rewards Program: Customers who participate in the Loyalty Rewards Program earn points when they purchase products from participating brands that can be used to discount the price of the customer's future purchases with participating brands. We estimated the value of personal information we request from our Loyalty Rewards Program customers by comparing the amount spent by Loyalty Rewards Program customers to similarly situated customers who do not participate in Loyalty Rewards Program over a 12- month period. • Other Special Offers: The value of this personal information varies based on the special offer provided at the time the customer signs up, the amount purchased by the customer using that special offer, and value of future special offers the customer receives from us and uses to make purchases. For example, a 20% discount offer will be valued differently depending on how much the customer purchases. California Right to Non-Discrimination Gap does not discriminate against customers who exercise their rights under applicable privacy law. Statistics on Consumer Privacy Requests We Receive Every year Gap receives a number of requests from our customers around the globe to exercise their privacy rights. Below are statistics on the number of requests we've received in California and how they have been fulfilled. Requests as of July 1, 2020 - June 30, 2021 Received Fulfilled Denied Mean Requests to know that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied Requests to delete that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied Requests to opt-out that the business received, complied with in whole or in part, and denied* *Gap Inc. Do Not Sell program commenced on June 25, 2020 324 125 185 125 Duration (days) California Minor Content Removal If you are a resident of California, under 18 and a registered user of our services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to these services by contacting us. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. California Do Not Track Disclosure Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For information about Do Not Track, please visit: https://allaboutdnt.com/. 3. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect information about you such as your contact information, payment information, demographic information, shopping preferences and information about the devices you use to shop online. We do not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under the age of 13 (16 in the UK/EU) without parental consent. Our websites are general audience sites and are not specifically targeted to or intended for use by children. We need to collect personal information in order to provide the products and services you request. If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide you with these products and services. Learn more about the information we collect.• Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number • Payment information, such as credit card number, bank card numbers, cheque and other payment details • Order and refund history • Demographic information, such as age, estimated income, household information and occupation Information about your interests, preferences, and purchase history • Opinions, complaints, surveys and product feedback that you provide to us or our partners • As part of applying for credit or processing a return you may be asked to provide government issued identification numbers, such as social security number, national identification number, and/or driver's license number • To help ensure our employees' and customers' security and safety we use CCTV cameras in our stores Information may be collected from you if you interact with us on social media sites, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat • Device and browser information including location information, MAC addresses, IP addresses, Cookies and other online identifiers If you disclose any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy 4. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION We collect information about you in a variety of different ways: 4.1 Information you provide to us, such as while making a purchase or signing up for a loyalty or rewards program. 4.2 Information we collect while you interact with our websites, mobile or other apps, social media sites, and other products and services. This often involves information about your device such as IP addresses and MAC addresses, as well as information collected through cookies. 4.3 Information we collect about you from other sources, such as credit card issuers and data analytics firms. 4.4 Information we create ourselves after we analyze the information, we collected about you, such as your shopping preferences. Click to learn more about how we collect information about you. 4.1 Information You Provide to Us Online Order Information When you make a purchase from our websites or mobile apps, we ask you to provide us with information about your purchase such as your name, email address, shipping address, phone number, and payment information. In-Store When you visit one of our stores, we may ask you for certain information, such as at the point of sale or while interacting with one of our team members. This may include payment information, product information (such as clothing size), and other information about your purchase, including your name, email address, shipping address, and phone number. Online Accounts If you sign up for an online account through our websites or mobile applications, we may ask you to provide your username, password, email address, phone number, payment card information, product preferences, past purchases, or gender. You do not have to create an online account to make a purchase. If you connect your social media account to your online account, you will share certain personal information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your online account. Marketing Communications If you would like to receive marketing communications from us, you may do so by signing up on our websites, mobile applications, or in our stores. We will ask you to provide your email address or phone number so we can send you marketing materials. Communicating with us When you contact us about a customer service issue or to make other inquiries, we collect the content of those communications and any additional information about the method of communication such as phone, SMS, email, chat, or through social media platforms. For example, if you email us, we will collect your email address, if you send us a text message, we will collect your phone number, and so on. Loyalty & Rewards Programs If you enroll in a loyalty or rewards program such as Loyalty Rewards Program, we collect information such as your name, email, telephone number or mailing address in order to track your rewards and allow you to redeem them across our brands. Credit Card Programs In certain countries, we may provide you with the opportunity to apply for an offer of credit from a payment card issuer in our stores or online. To create a more convenient application process, we may provide information from your customer account to a payment card issuer in order to generate a pre-approved credit offer and/or pre-populate your online credit card application with information from your customer account. By submitting a credit card application either in store or online, you acknowledge and agree that Gap Inc.may provide your information to the payment card issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the application. For information about the privacy practices associated with your credit card application, please contact the payment card issuer. 4.2 Information We Collect Through Your Interactions With Us Websites and Mobile Apps When you visit one of our websites or use our mobile apps we may collect your device identifier such as IP address or MAC address as well as browser and settings information, shopping preferences, and information about how you interact with our websites and other digital products. In-Store Wi-Fi If you choose to connect to our in-store Wi-Fi services, we will receive information about you and your device. This may include your device's MAC address, IP address, received signal strength indicators (RSSI) and technical details about your device such as its operating system, device type, device name, and technical capabilities. We may also receive information about store location you visit, the areas of the store you visit, the names and/or Internet addresses of the websites you visit and the applications you use, and how long you interact with such sites or applications. If your mobile device is configured to search for available Wi-Fi networks, we may receive information about your device even if you choose not to connect to our Wi-Fi Services. You can opt out of the auto-reconnect feature at any time by visiting http://www.smart-places.org. For full details about our in-store Wi-Fi practices, please see our Wi-Fi Terms of Use which are available upon signup. In-Store Cameras, RFID, and other tracking technologies We use a variety of technologies in our stores for a variety of reasons. We may use video and RFID tracking to protect against theft and fraud in our stores. We also collect and aggregate data to track and analyze how our customers move through the store, so that we can make changes to the layout and optimize their experience. 4.3 Other Sources Investigations We may collect information about you in connection with investigations into fraudulent or criminal activities on our websites, mobile apps, and in our stores. Other Sources We may also collect information from other sources, including for example, joint marketing partners, data analytics firms, public databases, publicly available social media pages, and other third parties we work with. 4.4 Information We Aggregate and Derive Aggregated information We may aggregate and/or anonymize personal information so that it will no longer be considered personal information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose. For example, we may calculate the percentage of our site users who have a particular telephone area code. 5. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES Cookies are little bits of computer code that collect data by tagging along with you while you browse. Most websites, including ours, wouldn't work very well without certain cookies. They allow us to prevent crashes, display information, fix bugs and ensure the security of our site (and your account). These types of cookies are often called "strictly necessary" cookies. Because they are needed for our site to work, we don't provide you with an ability to opt-out of these cookies. But you can remove them by using your browser settings. Keep in mind that certain features of our site may not be available to you. Some cookies provide important services but are not strictly necessary for our website to work. These cookies use information about your interactions with us so we can suggest clothes and special offers for you. If your shopping is interrupted, they remember where you left off and send you reminders that you truly deserve that new outfit. These reminders might be sent to you in an email, on social media or while you're browsing another website or on another device. We think these cookies are useful and will make it easier for you to shop with us. But you might disagree. If so, you can tell us not to use certain cookies by using the opt-out tools we have placed on our ecommerce websites. These options vary by geographic region. Click here to learn more. You can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance to learn more about opting out of certain cookies on our .com websites or click on the "Do Not Sell My Info" link at the bottom of our e-commerce websites. Canada You can click on the "Interest Based Ads" link at the bottom of our .ca websites to opt-out of certain cookies on those sites. EU & UK You can click on the "Cookie Options" link on the bottom of our .eu and .co.uk websites to opt-out of certain cookies on those sites. You can also learn more by visiting EU Digital Advertising Alliance. We also use cookies and similar technologies to gather information about the success of our ad campaigns and use of our products and services. These technologies include Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Flash and others.You can opt-out by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on and Adobe Your Privacy Choices. You can also adjust your privacy settings for Adobe Flash player by visiting the Website Storage Settings Panel and the Global Storage Settings Panel. 6. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use your personal information to provide you with our products and services and to operate our business. We often use the information we collect for multiple purposes. For example, if you make a purchase on our website, we collect several types of data from you and use it in multiple ways: First, we use your shipping address to make sure that our products arrive at your door. We may also use your contact information to send you a receipt of purchase. We may look at your experience on our website to make improvements to it and try to tailor it to your needs. We will also analyze the data you provide us and your behavior on our website to ensure that the activity is not fraudulent. Finally, we use your purchase information for other business-related purposes like accounting and financial reporting. We may also combine information we collect from you with information we obtain from other sources. This may include your online and in-store purchase transactions and other interactions you have with us and our partners. We often obtain your consent to use your information. But, sometimes, obtaining your consent is not needed because we may use your information for our own legitimate interests, to fulfill a contract with you or to comply with legal obligations imposed on us. For example, when you make purchases online, we process your information to fulfill our contractual obligations. When you visit our websites, we have a legitimate interest in using your browsing data to improve our site's usability, and when you engage with us online, we have a legal obligation to ensure that you are not attempting to defraud us or our customers. Learn more about how we use your information. Providing you with Products and Services We use your information to process, fulfill and communicate with you about your orders, respond to your customer service inquiries, allow you to use in-store and online technologies, enroll you in rewards and loyalty programs, allow you to apply for offers of credit from a payment provider, and to inform you of policy or product changes that may impact you. When we use information in this way, we do so for the purpose of fulfilling a contract with you or to comply with a legal obligation. For Marketing Communications and Promotions We use your personal information to send you marketing communications about our products and services, contests, and promotions. We may send you emails, postal mail, text messages, phone calls, or social media messages that we believe you would be interested in. We will do this either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest to do so. For Business Reporting and Providing Personalized Services and Ads We use your personal information to analyze or predict our customer preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve our products and services. We also use personal information to better understand you and your preferences, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests. We use information in this way with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest to do so. Allowing you to participate in promotions and events We may use your personal information to allow you to participate in local community events, promotions and in-store experiences. Some of these may have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your personal information. We use this information for the purpose of fulfilling a contract with you or because we have a legitimate interest to do so. For other business purposes We may use your personal information to learn more about our customer base, perform data analyses, address problems with our technology, improve our products and services or develop new ones, to investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to enforce our Terms of Sale and Use, and to provide a more consistent experience across our brands and channels. We may also use your information where we believe it is required to protect the rights, property, safety and security of Gap Inc., our employees, customers, and others. Finally, we may be required to use your personal information to comply with applicable law, for auditing purposes, or to respond to requests from government authorities. We will engage in these activities to fulfill a contract with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest in doing so. 7.HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies and brands, with third parties who provide services to you or us, with promotional partners, with social media companies, or with other third parties as needed to carry out our business, or comply with a legal obligation. Learn more about how we share information. Sharing between brands and affiliates When you provide information to one of our brands, we may share it with our other brands such as Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, Intermix, Athleta, or Janie and Jack. Our brands operate under a number of corporate subsidiaries and affiliates, which you can see here. Public posting and social sharing When you post public comments on our websites, through in-store technologies, on public forums like our social media sites, blogs, and online reviews, your comments are accessible by other members of the public. Social media logins and other integrations When you log into your customer account using your social media account credentials, or use other social media services with us, your personal information will be disclosed to the social media account provider in connection with your login. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that this sharing is governed by the social media site's privacy policy that you used to log into your account. Gap Inc.'s service providers Gap Inc. uses third parties to provide services to you or us. This includes managing customer information, fulfilling promotions, sending marketing communications, conducting surveys, hosting websites, analyzing data, processing payments, fulfilling and shipping order; or providing network security, accounting, auditing, and other services. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose your information for purposes other than why we have retained them. Third party partners We may share information with other companies when we work with them to promote our products, services, offer contests, or other promotions to our customers. Script or Loyalty Programs If you participate in third party scrip, loyalty, or similar programs that a Gap Inc. brand also participates in, we will share your information with them to facilitate the program. This may include sending your purchase information to credit card processors, so part of your purchase may be donated to participating schools or other non-profit organizations. If you participate in loyalty programs, we may send your information to the vendor administering the program. This information may include your name, email, credit card number, your purchase history, and other information you have provided to us through the program. Once your information is provided to the third party it will be handled in accordance with their privacy policy. You should review the privacy policy before entering into a rewards, loyalty or scrip program, so that you have a complete understanding of how your information is being used. Direct Mail For U.S. customers, if you purchase Athleta brand products through our website or by placing a catalog order by phone or mail, we may share your name, postal address, and shopping history with other retailers so they can send you catalogs and offers by mail. We do not share email addresses for such purposes. If you would prefer that we not share information about you with these companies, please click here. Payment card issuers In certain countries, we may provide you with the opportunity to apply for an offer of credit from a payment card issuer. To create a more convenient application process, we may provide information from your customer account to a payment card issuer in order to generate a pre-approved credit offer or pre-populate your online credit card application with information from your customer account. By submitting a credit card application either in store or online, you acknowledge and agree that Gap Inc. may provide your information to the payment card issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the application. For information about the privacy practices associated with your credit application, please contact the payment card issuer. To fulfill legal obligations and with government agencies We may share information about you if necessary or appropriate, in our good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena, order, or government request, or to protect the operations, privacy, safety, property or rights of Gap Inc. or others. During a sale or business transaction In the event of any potential or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), your personal information may be shared with third parties such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. 8.HOW WE STORE AND SECURE YOUR INFORMATION 8.1 Where We Store Information. Gap Inc. is a global company with a global footprint, but the majority of the Personal Information that we collect is stored in the United States. Your personal information may be subject to the laws of the countries in which it is stored or used. By providing us with any personal information, you understand that your information may be transferred, processed, or stored outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have a different data protection regime from the country in which you reside. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information. European customers can read more about this topic here: EU Data Transfers For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission (the full list of countries deemed adequate by the EEA is available click here), available we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your personal information. If you would like to obtain a copy of these measures, please contact us. 8.2. Information Retention. We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide the service to you (for example, as long as you have an online account with us) or as needed to fulfill our own obligations, such as preventing fraud, meeting regulatory requirements, resolving disputes, improving our services or maintaining security, and in each case, as consistent with applicable law. We may retain non-personal information that has been sufficiently aggregated or anonymized for a longer period. 8.3. Information Security. We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. We have put in place a wide variety of technical and organizational security measures to help protect you and the personal information we collect about you. Please note that we will never email you asking for account information like your user name, date of birth, credit card information, or other personal information. Finally, we will never email you with attachments that can be opened. If you received a suspicious email that appears to be from us please contact us. 8.4 Third Party Services. We are not responsible for, and this policy does not address, the privacy practices of other third parties, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or any other app developers, social media platforms, operating system providers, wireless or telecommunications service providers, or device manufacturers. The inclusion of a link on our services does not imply an endorsement of the linked sites or services by us or our affiliates. 8.5 Sensitive Information. Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through our services or otherwise to us. 8.6 Third Party Payment Service. We make certain third-party payment service processors available to you such as Paypal or ApplePay. If you wish to use one of these services, your personal information will be collected by such third party, and will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party's collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. 8.7 Changes to this Policy. We will post updates to our privacy policy on our websites. If we change the policy in a manner that materially impacts your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice to you. 9. CONTACT INFORMATION Have questions or want more information? Click your region to contact customer service: UK and EU Customer Contact In the UK, Gap Europe Limited located at 5th Floor, 103 Wigmore, London EC4A 3AE, London UK and GPS (Great Britain) Limited located at Nations House, 103 Wigmore Street London W1U 1QS are the companies responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Privacy Policy. In the Republic of Ireland, Gap Stores (Ireland) Limited whose registered office is at Arthur Cox, Earlsfort Terrace Dublin 2 is the company responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Privacy Policy. In France, Gap France SAS located at 49/53 Avenue des Champs-Elyesses 75008 Paris France is the company responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Privacy Policy. In Italy, Gap Italy SRL with its registered office at Baker & McKenzie, Piazza Meda Filippo 3 Milan Italy 20121 is the company responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this Privacy Policy.To make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update or change personal information or to place an order, or for any other inquiries, you can contact any of our Brands by email, telephone, or postal mail: Email: custserv@gap.eu Telephone: Calling within the UK 0800 368 0674 Calling international: click here for phone numbers outside of the UK. Post: Gap EHQ Freepost WD 3719 Castle Mound Way Rugby, Warwickshire, CV23 0BR United Kingdom You may lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available here. United States Customer Contact Gap Customer Services 6007 Green Pointe Drive Groveport, OH 43125 1-800-GAPSTYLE (1-800-427-7895) 1-888-906-1104 (TDD hearing impaired) custserv@gap.com Banana Republic Customer Services 6007 Green Pointe Drive Groveport, OH 43125 1-888-BR STYLE (1-888-277-8953) 1-888-906-1345 (TDD hearing impaired) custserv@bananarepublic.com Old Navy Customer Services 6007 Green Pointe Drive Groveport, OH 43125 1-800-OLD-NAVY (1-800-653-6289) 1-800-449-4253 (TDD hearing impaired) custserv@oldnavy.com Athleta Customer Services 6007 Green Pointe Drive Groveport, OH 43125 1-877-3ATHLETA (1-877-328-4538) 1-888-906-1345 (TDD hearing impaired) custserv@athleta.com Gap Factory Customer Services 6007 Green Pointe Drive Groveport, OH 43125 1-844-GFS-ONLINE (1-844-437-6654) 1-844-437-6654 (TDD hearing impaired) custserv@gapfactory.com Banana Republic Factory Customer Services 6007 Green Pointe Drive Groveport, OH 43125 1-844-273-7746 1-888-906-1345 (TDD hearing impaired) custserv@bananarepublicfactory.com INTERMIX Customer Service 1440 Broadway, 5th Floor New York, NY 10018 1-855-446-4943 customerservice@INTERMIXonline.com Janie and Jack Customer Service 4995 Industrial Way Benicia, CA 94510 1-877-449-8800 customer_service@janieandjack.com Canada Customer Contact Gap Canada Customer Service 13153 Coleraine Dr. Bolton, ON L7E 3B6 Canada 1-800-GAPSTYLE (1-800-427-7895) Please dial 711 for relay service custserv@gapcanada.ca Banana Republic Canada Customer Service 13153 Coleraine Dr. Bolton, ON L7E 3B6 Canada 1-888-BR STYLE (1-888-277-8953) Please dial 711 for relay service custserv@bananarepublic.ca Old Navy Canada Customer Service 13153 Coleraine Dr. Bolton, ON L7E 3B6 Canada 1-800-OLD-NAVY (1-800-653-6289) Please dial 711 for relay service custserv@oldnavy.ca INTERMIX Customer Service 1440 Broadway, 5th Floor New York, NY 10018 1-855-446-4943 customerservice@INTERMIXonline.comCODE OF CONDUCT Living our • DEVELOPS TRUST AND RESPECT • BUILDS TEAMS AND PARTNERSHIPS • DRIVES RESULTS A MESSAGE FROM OUR PRESIDENT, CEO AND CHAIRMAN………………………………………………………………………2 PRACTICING OUR CORE VALUES.……………………………………………………………………………………………………………..3 What Are Our Core Values Open Door Policy Integrity Hotline YOU'RE PROTECTED: ANTI-RETALIATION………………………………………………………………………………………………..4 Burlington's Response to Your Reports of Code Violations ANTI-DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT POLICY…………………………………………………………………………………5 SAFE AND HEALTHY WORKPLACE…………………………………………………………………………………………………………….6 Drug and Alcohol Policy Preventing Workplace Violence Health and Safety Laws and Policies Wage and Hour Rules COMPANY RESOURCES……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………7 Use of Burlington Resources What is Private? ACCURATE RECORDS……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….8 Retaining Records Confidentiality CONFLICTS OF INTEREST …………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………9 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………10 Relatives and Personal Relationships Working Outside of Burlington & Serving on Boards GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….12 INTEGRITY………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………14 Maintaining Integrity with Our Customers, Vendors, and Competitors CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….….15 Antitrust Foreign Corrupt Practices Act /Domestic Bribery Data Security and Protection of Personal Information Product Safety INSIDER TRADING & INSIDE INFORMATION…………………………………………………………………………………………….16 EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL COMMUNICATIONS……………………………………………………………………………………….17 Corporate Communications Using Social Media Speaking Engagements, Vendor Requests, and Awards Political Activity and Public Service ADMINISTRATION OF THE CODE……………………………………………………………………………………………………………..18 Waivers of the Code Contacts A Message From Our President, CEO and Chairman AND PA Dear Colleague: Each year the Legal Department receives many questions regarding Burlington's Code of Conduct. This is good news. Why? Because it shows our associates are thinking about ethical behavior. The way we do business is just as important as the results we achieve. We have a shared commitment to behaving and conducting our business ethically and with integrity. Burlington's Code of Conduct and our Core Values serve as our guides for understanding how that's done. It is every associate's responsibility to live and enforce ethical work practices every day. It is meant to protect us as associates, as well our vendors, customers and investors. For this reason, it is important to truly understand these guidelines, and to know where to turn if you have questions or concerns. Every member of the Burlington community - every associate, officer and director throughout the company - is responsible for reading, understanding and complying with the Code, along with the laws and regulations that apply to our business. By making a personal commitment to follow our Code of Conduct, we demonstrate to everyone that the people who make up our company are dedicated and trustworthy. We encourage you to speak up and report any violations. If you have any questions or concerns about the guidelines in the Code, we want you to seek answers and counsel from the resources provided. I thank you for your commitment to the company and our Core Values, and building a great workplace by conducting business ethically and with integrity. Sincerely, Thomas A. Kingsbury President, CEO and Chairman BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Burlington is built on integrity, quality, and trust. Our Code of Conduct is your guide to working with integrity and ensuring that you do the right thing in every situation. Every member of the Burlington community - each associate, contractor, officer, and director throughout the company - is responsible for understanding and following the Code, as well as applicable laws. It is important that you speak up if you have any questions or see or suspect code violations. A copy of our Code is posted on the company's website at www.burlingtonstores.com and on the company's portal. What Are Our Core Values?  Developing Trust and Respect among all members of the Burlington community.  Building Strong Teams and Partnerships through collaborative work.  Driving Business Results by taking ownership and pride in Burlington, and getting things done well. Our Code is a commitment we make every day to Burlington. By following our Code, we ensure that we are acting ethically and doing business according to our Core Values. It is important that you read and understand this Code so that you can help maintain Burlington as a great place to work and shop. Adherence to the Code will also ensure that Burlington is a great investment for our shareholders and a model citizen in our communities.If you find yourself in a position where you are unsure about what to do, the Code can guide you; however no code can fully cover every situation. If you are ever in doubt, please speak with your immediate supervisor or Human Resources Representative. You may also reach out to the Chief Compliance Officer in the Legal Department with questions or concerns. Open Door Policy Burlington has an Open Door Policy and strongly encourages open communication. We all have a shared responsibility to speak up and voice any questions and concerns. If you believe anyone is not living up to our Code or policies, have a question or concern, or are unsure how to handle a situation, you can always contact your immediate supervisor, HR Representative, or the Chief Compliance Officer. Integrity Hotline In conjunction with the Open Door Policy, Burlington has an Integrity Hotline for issues involving ethics and legal compliance. You can send an e-mail to bcfreport@tnwinc.com or call 1-877-371-0680. You have the right to remain anonymous when contacting the hotline; however, the more information provided, the better the company will be able to investigate and take appropriate action. You may also refer to the Policy and Procedure for Complaints Regarding Accounting, Internal Accounting Controls or Auditing Matters, which is available on the company's portal, for more information on receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT You're Protected: Anti-Retaliation You are protected when you make a good faith report or complaint. Retaliation for lodging a good faith report or complaint is not tolerated. So do not hesitate to raise an issue regarding a possible ethical, legal or policy violation. Burlington's Response to Your Reports of Code Violations or Suspected Violations Burlington will look into all reports with a prompt and fair investigation and will take any appropriate action. Discipline for violations of this Code or company policy will vary depending on the nature and severity of the violation. Discipline could include corrective action, up to and including termination. Some violations may also be reported to criminal or civil authorities, as required by applicable laws or as deemed appropriate. Burlington will not tolerate any retaliation against an associate who, in good faith, asks questions, makes reports of possible violations of the Code or company policies or assists in an investigation of suspected wrongdoing. How are reports handled? What happens next? To the greatest extent possible, all reports are responded to in a way that protects the privacy of everyone involved. It may not be possible for all investigations to remain completely confidential, because some members of the Burlington community may have relevant information, and others may have a legitimate need to know. The person who makes the report may not learn of the result of an investigated report; this is done to protect the privacy of those involved and to comply with all applicable laws. Takeaway We all have a shared responsibility to make sure that our workplace is honest and ethical. Sometimes it may seem easier to look the other way and stay quiet, but doing nothing can result in serious consequences. As a dedicated associate, we want you to SPEAK UP and report violations of our Code, company policies and the law. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Burlington is a place where you can perform to your highest potential and where individuality is respected. Burlington is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce, providing a safe workplace, and providing an atmosphere that encourages treating each other with trust and respect. Anti-Discrimination and Harassment Policy Burlington is committed to providing a workplace free of unlawful discrimination or harassment. All employment decisions are based on qualifications, contribution, and performance without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression, gender identity, transgender status, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, marital status (including domestic partnership status), or any other protected or personal characteristic protected by law. Unlawful discrimination is strictly forbidden. We make reasonable accommodations in the workplace for qualified individuals with disabilities consistent with applicable laws. Harassment is not tolerated and can include unwanted sexual advances or requests for favors, abusive, degrading, harassing, or offending conduct, whether verbal or physical. It is important to remember that even small, seemingly innocent actions can create a "hostile" environment that is intolerable to others. Sexual harassment is a common form of harassment and is unacceptable.It can include: • Unwelcome sexual advances • Requests for sexual favors in exchange for employment benefits • Unsolicited physical contact • Propositions • Unwelcome flirtations • Offensive verbal, visual, or physical conduct of a sexual nature Sexual harassment is not always overt or deliberate. Often, innocent or unintentional behavior can be considered harassment. Examine your own actions. No matter what the medium - conduct, speech, written notes, photos, cartoons, or email - harassment is against our policy. If you believe you are being harassed or have been treated in a discriminatory fashion, follow Burlington's Open Door Policy. Have you heard? Steve sometimes tries to boost his department's morale by emailing his team jokes or funny stories. One day, Steve received an email from his friend that contained a joke making fun of immigrants. Steve knew it would be wrong for him to send such a joke, and he deleted the e-mail. Steve exercised good judgment and his decision to delete the joke without forwarding it to others shows how he respects and treats others with courtesy and dignity. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for associates, customers, contractors, and vendors. Drug and Alcohol Policy A drug and alcohol-free workplace is important to maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers and stockholders, as well as the health and safety of our associates. You may not sell, distribute, possess, transfer, or use illegal drugs or unprescribed controlled substances on company time or premises. You may not be under the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol during work hours, regardless of when the drugs or alcohol were consumed. An exception to this policy with respect to alcohol is off- premises at meals or events with vendors and/or colleagues. Preventing Workplace Violence To preserve your safety and security, it is prohibited for associates to bring weapons, firearms, ammunition, explosives, and incendiary devices on Burlington property. To the extent that state law supersedes any part of this policy, all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. In addition, acts or threats of violence, including extreme or inappropriate verbal or physical threats, are not tolerated. Health and Safety Laws and Policies Burlington is committed to making sure our work environment is safe and healthy. That is why it is important to follow all applicable safety and health laws and policies. We rely on you to understand the standards that relate to your job and to speak up if you see a real or potential hazard. You should report any concerns, accidents, or "close calls," so problems or potential problems can be investigated and resolved. You should review Burlington's Workplace Safety Rules in the Illness and Injury Prevention Manual, which is located on the company's portal. Takeaway Every company has health and safety regulations. They are there to protect you. Do your part by being knowledgeable about the laws and policies that relate to your job. Report any hazards in the workplace to your immediate supervisor. Wage and Hour Rules We follow all applicable laws and regulations regarding wage and hour practices. This includes requirements related to working "off the clock," working during meal and rest breaks, overtime pay, termination pay, and minimum wage. If you are a non-exempt associate, you must accurately report and record your time. If you are eligible for overtime pay you are required to have any overtime work authorized by a supervisor. Record time accurately When recording time, company policy and the law prohibit: • Working without pay (i.e. "off the clock") or asking someone else to do so. • Moving hours from one pay period to another to avoid overtime. • Working more than the maximum number of hours permitted by law. Inaccurately recording time worked. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT We uphold the highest standards of integrity in our business dealings and do not engage in dishonest business practices. Dishonest business practices include theft, fraud, making false or misleading statements, falsifying records, financial wrongdoing of any kind, and misusing or misappropriating company resources. Use of Burlington Resources Burlington's success requires your commitment to properly allocate, use, and preserve all of its property and resources. This includes merchandise, samples, supplies, and equipment. Taking or using company property (such as samples) for personal use without appropriate permission is theft. If you suspect fraud, theft, embezzlement, or misappropriation of company property, follow the Open Door Policy. Can I send a personal fax from work or email my parents from my work email? Yes. Limited personal use of the company's electronic resources is permitted as long as it complies with the company's Acceptable Use Policy and does not interfere with your job responsibilities. Can I take samples to donate to a nonprofit?From time to time, the company will donate samples to qualified nonprofit organizations. You must secure prior written approval from the Marketing department. Is it okay to take home samples or defective merchandise? No, it is not okay, unless it is purchased at a company-sponsored sample sale. What Is Private? You should only use company property for legitimate business reasons. Company property includes, but is not limited to, items such as technology resources, supplies, networks, company information, data, information, or trademarks. Appropriate use of company property requires common sense and good judgment. Improper use can expose the company to legal and financial risk. In certain instances, you may use company property, such as telephones and computers, for limited personal purposes. It is important to follow the company's Acceptable Use Policy located in the Handbook and on the company's portal. Keep in mind that you should have no expectation of privacy with regard to any material (including emails or text messages) that you create, view, access, receive, or store on Burlington systems or networks. Burlington reserves the right to inspect and search offices, workspaces, technology resources, lockers, office furniture, electronic equipment, and any other object used in or brought into the workplace, as permitted by law. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Accurate Records Burlington's books, records, accounts and financial statements must be complete and accurate. Recording data in a timely and accurate manner protects our resources and also meets the expectations of those people - such as customers, investors, and suppliers - who rely on the accuracy of our books, records, and written communications to perform their jobs. Falsifying company records (including without limitation to financial records, leases, procedural codes, and equipment service records) is a serious offense and may result in prosecution and/or loss of employment. Retaining Records You should be familiar with Burlington's Record Retention Policy, a copy of which can be found on the company's portal. Your department's specific record retention guidelines, along with the Record Retention Policy, determines how long certain documents must be retained and when they can be destroyed in the ordinary course of business. However, when documents are relevant to a particular investigation or subject to a Litigation Hold Notice issued by the Legal Department, these documents must not be destroyed regardless of the destruction schedule set forth in Burlington's Record Retention Policy. Destruction or falsification of any potentially relevant document could lead to prosecution for obstruction of justice and/or loss of employment. Confidentiality Information that you acquire while working at Burlington may be among our most valuable assets. For example, if competitors had access to our business plans, vendor lists, pricing and marketing strategies, expansion plans or other internal data, our ability to compete would be drastically undermined. For example, never discuss confidential or proprietary information in public places such as elevators, airplanes, or restaurants. Business information you learn at work is confidential and must not be disclosed outside of Burlington without authorization from the Legal Department. If disclosure of confidential information is legally required, the Legal Department will guide you on the proper manner of disclosure. Any information you obtain about our vendors during the course of employment with Burlington must be protected and preserved in the same manner as information regarding Burlington. Takeaway • Use company resources appropriately and be honest in your business practices. • Keep Burlington's books, records, accounts and financial statements complete and accurate, including your travel and expense reports. • Learn and follow Burlington's Record Retention Policy and procedures. • Keep Burlington's business information confidential unless the disclosure is legally required. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Conflicts of Interest We rely on you to use good judgment. This is especially important when there is a conflict of interest. What is a conflict of interest? It is when your personal interest or involvement interferes with your ability to make decisions objectively and act in the best interest of the company. Undisclosed conflicts of interest are prohibited. It is important to avoid activities that create, or appear to create, a conflict of interest. Even the appearance of a conflict of interest can hurt your reputation and our company's brand. Situations to avoid: • Giving or receiving cash, tips, commissions, most gifts (see exceptions under Gifts and Entertainment), or other personal benefits within the course of performing your job duties. • Giving or receiving a loan and/or guarantee of an obligation as a result of your position with the company.• Directing business to third parties that are owned or managed by family members or friends. • Using business relationships to further personal interests, including asking vendors to support personal charities. • Holding a significant position or financial interest in a supplier, competitor, or vendor without full disclosure to the Chief Compliance Officer. Follow the Open Door Policy if you believe that you have an actual, potential, or perceived conflict of interest. Ask yourself: • Will the situation or activity influence my business decision? • Will a close friend or family member stand to benefit from my involvement or decision? • Would others think that this activity or decision affects how I perform my job? If this situation or activity were made public, would it be embarrassing for me or the company? If the answer is "yes" to any of these questions, you may have a conflict of interest and should discuss the situation with your immediate supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. I have a small amount of stock in another retailer. Should I report this to someone? A good rule of thumb is if you own less than one percent of the retailer's stock and you feel like your stock ownership will not interfere with your duty of loyalty to Burlington, then there is no need to disclose. However, if you own more than one percent or you feel like this will not allow you to perform your job objectively, you should contact the Chief Compliance Officer. Remember, it is always better to disclose a concern rather than assume no conflict of interest exists. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Corporate Opportunities We owe a duty to the company to advance its interests. Accordingly, you should never appropriate a business or financial opportunity to yourself or divert the opportunity to another person or entity when you know or reasonably could anticipate that the company would have an interest in pursuing that opportunity. You should also never otherwise use the company's property, information or position for personal gain. Relatives and Personal Relationships A conflict of interest often occurs when there is a relative or personal relationship involved. You should avoid any work-related decision that involves a relative, close personal friend or significant other. Personnel decisions can become difficult if you supervise someone you are romantically involved with, living with or related to. Accordingly, associates are prohibited from being in the position of supervising, reviewing, or having any influence on the job conditions of a relative or close personal relationship. You should be extremely careful if you are in a position to do business with a relative or friend. You must disclose a conflict of interest if your family member or close friend has an ownership interest or is a manager or executive for a Burlington vendor or potential vendor. Notify a Vice President (or above) in your department who will decide if any action must be taken to minimize the conflict. Also, you should refer to the Nepotism Policy in the Associate Handbook for more information. If you have a family member or close friend who owns an interest in, or who holds a merchandise purchasing, planning or allocation position, executive position, store manager position or senior management position for a competitor, you should bring this fact to the attention of the Vice President (or above in your chain of command) in your department to discuss any difficulties that might arise and the appropriate steps to minimize any potential conflict of interest. Can my sister apply for a job opening in my department? Yes, so long as the position is not in your chain of command, she would not report to you, and you do not influence any hiring or other personnel decisions with the job position. You should disclose this relationship to the Vice President in your department. If you are an officer, you are not permitted to have relatives work for Burlington. My department is hiring a vendor and I was asked to review the bids for the work. I noticed that one of the bids is from a good friend. What should I do? You should let your immediate supervisor know about the relationship so that your immediate supervisor can assess the conflict and remove you from the decision-making process, if necessary, to avoid any actual or perceived conflict of interest. Additionally, it is important to advise the Procurement group to ensure the integrity of the bidding process. Working Outside of Burlington & Serving on Boards While employed by Burlington, you are required to get the approval of your immediate supervisor and Human Resources Representative before accepting an additional job for another employer to supplement your income. Hourly associates, who work in a store or distribution center, are the exception and may work for other employers (including retailers), so long as the work does not interfere with Burlington responsibilities.BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Before serving as a director or officer of another for-profit company, you are required to receive authorization by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. We encourage you to be involved in charitable and community activities and serve as a director or officer for non-profit organizations. If you are representing Burlington, however, you must inform the Chief Compliance Officer. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Gifts and Entertainment It is important to remember that good business relationships are built through trust and integrity, not through the exchange of gifts and other favors. Even the appearance of making business decisions based on inappropriate or unethical influences must be avoided. To prevent this situation, you are prohibited from giving or accepting gifts and entertainment from anyone doing business with (or wanting to do business with) Burlington, subject to the exceptions identified below. Gifts should never influence your judgment about what is best for Burlington. If accepting a gift, even of a nominal value, would influence your business judgment, you should not accept it. Acceptable gifts include • Perishables, such as flowers or food baskets, which are to be shared with your department • Nominal promotional gifts, such as branded mugs or pens, where "no one knows who took one" • Snacks or meal provided at meetings • Books or other literature provided for business purposes Gifts requiring disclosure & prior authorization include • Vendor invitations to a meal: You must disclose and have prior approval from the Vice President, Senior Vice President or Executive Vice President of your area. We prefer that Burlington pay for such meals to avoid the appearance of anything improper. • Attendance at conferences or training paid for by third parties: You must disclose and have prior approval by an Executive Vice President and the Chief Compliance Officer. If approved, the company will pay for the travel and lodging expenses. • Shopping at a company (vendor's) store: Provided that the discount is the same as what is provided to all shoppers, you may shop at a company store with prior approval from a Senior Vice President or Executive Vice President of your area. Special orders through a vendor are never permissible. Approving Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents or Executive Vice Presidents, as applicable, must promptly notify the Chief Compliance Officer of authorizations given pursuant to this section. Special Circumstances Typically the company will not approve the following activities. In special circumstances, however, events of this type may be allowed with prior approval from the Executive Vice President of your area and the Chief Compliance Officer. • Sports, entertainment and event tickets: You may accept an invitation from a vendor provided that you attend with the vendor. • Events such as golf outings, spa visits or similar activities to foster business relationships with vendors. While you may be approved to participate, we prefer that Burlington pay for any such activities to avoid the appearance of anything improper. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Prohibited gifts include • Cash or cash equivalents (e.g. gift cards) • Samples • Personal favors (e.g. soliciting vendors for donations to personal charities or nonprofits) • Tips or commissions • Loans • You should refrain from entering into raffles for prizes as they cannot be accepted. If you entered into a "passive raffle" (e.g., you are entered based on your attendance at an event) and win, the prize should be turned over to the Chief Compliance Officer. Prizes of this type will be used in company raffles. A vendor that the company has decided not to use again just invited me to a free dinner at the hottest restaurant in town. I am tempted to accept the invitation to try out the new restaurant especially since reservations are impossible to get. Can I go? No. It would be inappropriate to accept the invitation and let the vendor pay for the dinner. There is no business reason for the meal, and it could be a conflict, in the future, if we decide to do business with that vendor. Can I accept the invitation if I pay for my own meal? You should discuss this with your immediate supervisor and the Chief Compliance Officer. While it may be acceptable to have a meal with a former vendor as long as you pay for yourself, the reservation in and of itself may be cause for concern. Takeaway Remember, when in doubt about a gift, disclose and discuss! BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT We treat each other, our customers and vendors with trust and respect. We may compete vigorously but we do it with the utmost integrity and ethics. Fair dealing is a Core Values commitment we make to our customers and vendors. Maintaining Integrity with Our Customers Our customers are our top priority, and our goal is to have each customer feel like a welcomed guest while visiting our stores.We make honest and accurate statements to our customers and take pride in providing great merchandise at everyday low prices. Maintaining Integrity with Our Vendors Burlington has numerous vendors who supply us with goods and services of many kinds. We give fair treatment to all of our vendors by using objective factors in selecting our vendors, including quality of goods or services, credit worthiness and track record in supplying or servicing Burlington, and, of course, cost. We do not provide preferential treatment to any vendor that does not relate to the quality or cost of the goods and services or other factors listed above. Burlington expects that our vendors will comply with national and international laws and regulations with regard to their employment practices and policies. If you become aware of any violation by a vendor in regard to its employment practices, you should follow the Open Door Policy. Maintaining Integrity with Our Competitors It is Burlington's policy to compete solely on the merits of our products and services. We do not use unfair conduct to help Burlington's business or hurt a competitor's business. All comparisons of our products or services with those of our competitors must be accurate and factually supported. You should never resort to untrue or disparaging comments about our competitor's goods or services. You may not use unfair, illegal or unethical methods to gather competitive information. This includes, but is not limited to, stealing proprietary information or trade secrets, or attempting to induce disclosure of such information from past or present associates of other companies through misrepresentation. You should treat information about our competitors with sensitivity and discretion. This information should be made available only in the proper context and to others with a legitimate need to know. Anyone with a concern about the legality of information he or she possesses or the means by which it was gathered should consult with the Chief Compliance Officer. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT We are residents and good corporate citizens of the communities in which we operate. We must comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Violations of laws can result in criminal and/or financial liability to you as well as the company. Antitrust The antitrust laws are intended to foster greater competition among businesses and also support Burlington's own values to ethically conduct business with its vendors and competitors. Any understanding between competitors that undermines competition could violate the law. Therefore, we should never agree with a vendor or competitor to charge certain prices, share pricing information, or to conduct sales at particular times. Pricing information is confidential and you should not share it with any third parties. Our relationships with vendors are also affected by the antitrust laws. For example, we cannot use our influence to pressure a vendor to stop selling to our competitors. Also, we cannot allow a vendor to pressure us from doing business with a competitor of that vendor. In addition, while a vendor may suggest a retail price, only Burlington can set the retail price. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act / Domestic Bribery We do not engage in, tolerate or permit bribery, corruption or similar unethical business practices. This means that we comply with anti-corruption laws - including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act - in all of our business dealings here and worldwide. Anti-corruption laws and company policies prohibit you from giving or accepting any bribe to or from any person whether or not the person is a government official or a vendor. Bribes may include cash, "kickbacks" or commissions, any arrangement to share a portion of the vendor's profits, or payment of expenses to you or your relatives. If you suspect a violation or have a question about these policies, contact the Chief Compliance Officer. Data Security and Protection of Personal Information Burlington protects and respects the privacy of our customers. All customer information must be treated with the utmost care and security. You should only use or disclose information to others, whether fellow associates or third parties, if you are authorized for business purposes and in accordance with company data security policies and procedures and applicable laws and regulations. Product Safety We are committed to providing our customers with safe, quality products that meet applicable safety standards. We expect and require that our vendors provide us with safe merchandise that meets or exceeds all applicable laws and regulations. We will never knowingly sell an unsafe product. We have a rigorous Product Compliance Program that is intended to minimize any product hazards. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Insider Trading & Inside Information You may become aware of important company information before it has been made available to the public.This information is called "material information" or "inside information" when it may influence a decision to buy or sell a company's stock. You must safeguard the company's confidential or non-public material information by not sharing it with anyone except as required by your job responsibilities. Such information may include financial data, plans for acquisitions, material contracts, or the hiring, firing, or resignation of a member of the Board of Directors or an officer of Burlington. You are not allowed to buy or sell stock of Burlington or another company when you are aware of material or inside information that has not been made public. It is also illegal to provide inside information to others so that they may trade stock based on that information. It is important to remember that if you become aware of inside information about Burlington or another company, through your job duties, you may not take personal advantage, economic or otherwise, of that inside information, until the information becomes public or is no longer material. Also, you may not pass that inside information to anyone outside of Burlington. Immediate family members are also subject to the rule. Remember, you can be guilty of insider trading without personal gain. You should refer to the Insider Trading Policy located on the company's portal for more information. Examples of prohibited insider trading include • Buying and selling shares knowing that the share price will likely rise based on unannounced information. • Knowingly passing information to family or friends of the company's performance. Trading stocks by directors, officers, and associates of Burlington is subject to compliance with applicable laws and the company's Statement of Policy to All Corporate Personnel Concerning Securities Trading and Disclosure of Confidential Information ("Insider Trading Policy") located on the company's portal. If you have any questions about the sale or purchase of a security that might involve inside information or securities laws generally, you should review Burlington's Insider Trading Policy and then consult the Chief Compliance Officer. BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT We ensure that our external and internal communications and activities are accurate and consistent with our Core Values. Corporate Communications Only company spokespersons are permitted to speak to the media, investors or the general public regarding company matters. If the media or someone else approaches you for information regarding the company, whether formal or informal, written or oral, you should politely say that you are not an authorized company spokesperson and refer them to the Marketing Department at media.relations@burlingtonstores.com or (609) 387-7800, ext. 53077. You should refer to the Media Policy in the Handbook for more information. Using Social Media Social media includes various modes of publishing content online, including but not limited to website(s) and applications for social networking like Facebook, Instagram and YouTube, micro-blogging sites such as Twitter, online discussion forums like Google Groups, and many others. You should refer to the Acceptable Use Policy in the Handbook for guidelines for using social media. Speaking Engagements, Vendor Requests, and Awards From time to time, you may be asked to speak, make a presentation, serve as a vendor reference or receive an award at a conference, industry event, trade show, or other work-related group/association. You must get the prior approval of the Executive Vice President in your department and the Executive Vice President of Marketing. This also applies to speeches or other presentations to be made at an award ceremony. In connection with the acceptance of any award or honor, any solicitation of Burlington's vendors to purchase tables or provide other support must first be approved by the Chief Executive Officer or his/her designees. Political Activity and Public Service We are committed to acting as good corporate citizens in our communities. We encourage you to do the same and give back to the communities where we live and work. However, if you choose to engage in a charitable and/or civic cause, you should make it clear that your involvement and views are your own individual views, and are not that of Burlington. We respect each other's choices about political participation. However, if you are seeking appointed or elected public office, you must first obtain prior written approval from the Chief Compliance Officer. Officers and directors must receive the approval of the Board of Directors or a designated committee. You may not engage in any lobbying activities, or the appearance of lobbying activities, without the prior written approval of your immediate supervisor or a committee designated by the Board of Directors in the case of officers and directors. You may not take retaliatory action against another associate for not making specific political contributions.BURLINGTON CODE OF CONDUCT Administration of the Code This Code of Conduct contains general guidelines for conducting business with the highest standards of ethics and integrity. Questions regarding these guidelines should be directed through the Open Door Policy, your immediate supervisor, Human Resources Representative or the Chief Compliance Officer. Waivers of the Code Generally, Burlington does not grant waivers or exceptions to the Code. Waivers of this Code for associates can only be granted by the Chief Executive Officer. Waivers of this Code for executive officers or directors can be made only by the Board, or a committee of the Board. Contacts Chief Compliance Officer (609) 387-7800, ext. 53181 ComplianceOfficer@burlingtonstores.com Legal Department (609) 387-7800, ext. 2874 Legal.Department@burlingtonstores.com