Bahnhof SAFE Privacy Policy In brief We ask for your name, email and phone number.We collect anonymous security data to protect your device.The focus of our data collection is not on you, but on your device and our service.The portal provides limited visibility among those who share the same subscription. The full F-Secure TOTAL privacy policy applies to Bahnhof SAFE. Bahnhof ABBox 7702103 95 Stockholm VÅRA TJÄNSTER OM OSS SOCIALA MEDIER KUNDSERVICEPrivacy Policy Valid from 2018-04-20 and until further notice Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract in which the data subject is party or to take action at the request of the data subject prior to the conclusion of such an agreement. Processing is necessary for the performance of a legal obligation which is the responsibility of the Controller. Processing is necessary to protect interests that are of fundamental importance to the data subject or to another person. Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or as part of the exercise of the Controller authority. Processing is necessary for purposes relating to the legitimate interests of the Controller or of a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject are heavier and require the protection of Personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child. Delivery of service We need our customers personal information in order to deliver the service that they have ordered from us, or to complete our agreement regarding the delivery of services and products and to ensure the operation and support of our services. We also need customers information for billing services, credit information purposes, to report complaints and to help with questions about their service with our customer service. Without access to customers personal information in this regard, we may not provide our services to them. How long do we keep customer data We will save our customers data as long as they are customers, and we will send it to our authorized subcontractors to deliver service as well as for debugging. Some data is kept longer depending on what the data needs to be used for and our obligations under the law. Once a customer has annulled their customer relationship with us, their information will remain with us for 1 year. In order for the information to be as secure as possible during this time, we will "lock" the customer profile and limit access to it after 6 months, and after another 6 months, we will delete all information we have about the customer. Customer data with our partners Subcontractors In order to deliver our services, we use subcontractors in some cases. This means that they also need some of the information that a customer have provided to us. Our subcontractors may not use the information about our customers for any other purpose than to provide the service or under the terms we specify. Examples of our subcontractors include: City networks, Eniro/Find, 21 grams (to create your bill), SNPAC and various installation companies. Our Privacy Policy - the short Version Bahnhof handles customer data according to the General Data Protection Regulation, also called GDPR. Bahnhof does not request more information than necessary for our customers to enter an agreement with us. Bahnhof does not request more information than necessary to deliver the service that our customers have ordered. Bahnhof only transfers customer information to subcontractors that are approved by us, and only for the purpose of being able to deliver a service and for billing. Bahnhof only keeps necessary information about customers as long as they are our customers. Billing and certain financial data are securely stored with us for a longer period when it is governed by the Accounting Act. Bahnhof deletes IP-address logs within 24 hours. Our Privacy Policy - the long version Bahnhof handles the following data Customer: Information that is associated with our customers contract and their service with us such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number, IP-address the order was made from. Traffic data: Information necessary for the transmission of data in an electronic communication network. Pleadse note! Traffic data is not content, but data describing the transfer such as IP logs, email logs and call history if you have telephony with us. Customer data is gathered from Any information customers provide when they order a service, or when they submit a fault report, or if they want to receive offers from us. • When you visit our website, as well as when you call, text message or send us an e-mail. Publicly available personal data registers such as SPAR, credit assessment as UC and Call history - if you have telephony with us. What is customer data needed for? follows: GDPR's rules for lawful handling of personal data are as The data subject has given his/her consent to the processing of his/her personal data for one or more specific purpose/s. Bahnhof AB Box 7702, 103 95 Stockholm Org. nr. 556519-9493 bahnhof.se 010-510 00 00 Privacy Policy Valid from 2018-04-20 and until further notice Right of limitation: Our customers may limit our processing of their personal data if they dispute the accuracy of the data, if the processing is illegal or if the data is not required for the purpose of the processing.Data to develop services In order to improve and develop our products, services and networks, customers traffic data may be needed for statistics and/or analysis. The data used for these purposes will be anonymized. News and Offers If a customer wants to receive news and offers from us, they must give their consent before we may contact the customer for that purpose. When a customer has given their consent, we may contact them by post, SMS, phone, email, My Pages at bahnhof.se or any other way they have accepted. Security of information and to prevent abuse of services We process data in order to ensure the security of our services and communication networks, to detect or prevent any kind of illegal use or use that otherwise violates the terms of the service. We also process this data to prevent misuse of networks and services and to detect and prevent fraud, virus attacks, and other potential threats. Law and dispute Agreements and disputes must be interpreted and applied in accordance with Swedish law. In the event of a dispute between Bahnhof and the customer, the Parties shall seek to agree first. Disputes arising from interpretation and application shall ultimately be settled in the ordinary courts. Contact us to exercise your rights Contact us at gdpr@bahnhof.net if you would like to request extracts of your personal data, if you would like to correct or delete your personal data or if you would like to revoke submitted consents. Non-EU countries If we need to use subcontractors that have parts of their business outside Sweden or outside the EU/EEA, we will take appropriate precautions and ensure that the transmitted data is handled in a safe manner and in accordance with applicable law. Authorities We are obliged to disclose data to authorities such as the police and SOS Alarm, at the request of law and government decisions. How we protect customer data We handle our customer data with extreme care. ALL interaction between us and our subcontractors that contains data is encrypted or made through portals secured with SSL. APIs to other systems only send minimal information. Instead of personal data we use customer numbers, and service IDs instead of names or social security numbers, etc. with all subcontractors. Customers rights Right of access: Customers have the right to know what personal information we have about them and how we handle it, and they may access it free of charge. The data subject makes a request for information in electronic format, and the information shall be provided in an electronic format which is generally known, if the data subject does not request otherwise. Right to rectification: We are responsible to ensure that the personal information we handle about a customer is accurate and up-to-date. If a customer notices an error, they have the right to request rectification of this information. Right to erasure: Under certain circumstances a customer has the right to have his/her personal data deleted. This is applied in the following situations: If the personal data is no longer needed for the purpose/purposes for which they have been collected. If the data has been collected solely on the basis of consent from a customer and they wish to revoke that consent. If a customer disagrees with the handling of data for direct marketing purposes. If a customer believes that the personal data, after a balance of interests, does not meet legitimate reasons that outweigh the interest or fundamental rights and freedoms. Right of objection: Right to object the processing of personal data provided by Bahnhof on the basis of a balancing of interests. We need to receive the treatment a customer is opposed to. Then we will only continue to deal with the data if there are compelling legitimate reasons for the personal data to be processed and if these outweigh the customers interests. For marketing purposes, a customer is always entitled to oppose the processing of personal data. Bahnhof AB Box 7702, 103 95 Stockholm Org. nr. 556519-9493 bahnhof.se 010-510 00 00General and Special Conditions Services for private customers Allmänna villkor Introduction 1.1 Bahnhof AB ("Bahnhof") with Swedish company registration no. 556519-9493 provides internet services ("Service") and equipment ("Equipment") to consumers ("Customer") under these general and special terms and conditions, which form part of the agreement ("Agreement") between Bahnhof and the Customer. 1.2 For information on how we handle your personal data, please refer to our privacy policy available at bahnhof.se 1.3 The detailed content of the Service is set out in the descriptions on bahnhof.se in force at the time 1.4 The General Terms and Conditions also apply to additional services agreed between the Customer and Bahnhof after the Agreement has been concluded. Such additional services shall be deemed to be included in the Service. 1.5 The special conditions apply in addition to the general conditions for certain Services and for the purchase of Equipment. 1.6 Only private individuals can be the payee for private services. Agreement 2.1 In order to enter into the Agreement with Bahnhof, the Customer must be of legal age or have the consent of a guardian. 2.2 The Agreement between the Customer and Bahnhof includes: • Bahnhof's confirmation of the Customer's order • These general and special conditions 2.3 In the event of contradictions between these documents, they apply in the order indicated above. 2.4 The Agreement is entered into when the Customer has placed an order and Bahnhof has confirmed the Customer's order via e-mail, bahnhof.se, telephone, letter or web portal provided by a relevant open network, city network or communications operator. 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 If the Customer has paid for the goods before the withdrawal, Bahnhof shall refund the amount paid for the goods by the Customer. Such payment is to be made at the earliest either when Bahnhof has received the returned goods or when Bahnhof has received proof of return of the goods. Bahnhof will refund to the bank account provided to Bahnhof by the Customer. Direct debit may be refunded automatically. If the Customer has had time to unpack and use the goods before the withdrawal, or if the condition of the returned goods differs from the original, Bahnhof is entitled to charge the Customer for the depreciation in value of the goods. The general rule is that the goods must be in new condition. If the Customer cancels an agreement for a service and has paid for the service, Bahnhof shall refund the Customer's payment within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the cancellation request by Bahnhof. Bahnhof will refund to the bank account provided to Bahnhof by the Customer. If the Customer, when ordering the service, requests to use the service during the withdrawal period and uses the service before the request for withdrawal, Bahnhof is entitled to charge the Customer a fee for the time the Customer has used the service that is proportionate to the regular price (without promotions or discounts) for the agreed service including any start-up fee. Credit check 4.1 Bahnhof is entitled to carry out a credit check on the Customer after the order has been placed. 4.2 Bahnhof is entitled to carry out a new credit check during the term of the Agreement if there are reasons to do so. 4.3 In the event of poor creditworthiness, Bahnhof is entitled to demand acceptable security or advance payment from the Customer. 4.4 In the event of insufficient creditworthiness, Bahnhof is entitled to refuse all or part of the Agreement, as described in section 13.1. Information on the right of withdrawal Payment 3.1 The conditions under this section 3 apply if the Customer has entered an agreement for a service or purchase of a product from Bahnhof at a distance, for example by telephone or on bahnhof.se. 3.2 According to the Swedish Law (2005:59) on Distance Contracts and Contracts Away from Business Premises, the Customer has the right to withdraw from the Agreement under the below detailed conditions. 3.3 If the Agreement is for a service, the Customer has the right to withdraw from the Agreement within up to fourteen (14) days after the Agreement was entered into. If the Agreement is for the purchase of a good, the Customer has the right to withdraw from the Agreement within fourteen (14) days after the Customer has received the good. 3.4 The Customer must notify Bahnhof's customer service of the withdrawal. The Customer can use Bahnhof's withdrawal form on Bahnhof.se or the Swedish Consumer Agency's form on Konsumentverket.se. Bahnhof shall confirm the reception of the withdrawal request via message to the Customer via Bahnhof.se, e-mail or SMS. 3.5 If the Customer wishes to withdraw from the purchase of a product and the Customer has had time to take possession of the product, the Customer must return it to Bahnhof no later than fourteen (14) days after the requested. The Customer shall pay the shipping costs for the return.The goods must be returned in their original packaging. Bahnhof shall confirm receipt of the goods via message to the Customer on Bahnhof.se, e-mail or SMS. 5.1 Current information on fees, prices and Customer invoices is available on bahnhof.se. 5.2 Fees for the Service may consist of variable and/or fixed fees, one- time fees, billing fees and start-up fees. 5.3 The Customer shall pay fixed and variable fees according to the contractual terms and conditions for the respective Service, for hardware as well as for fees according to the price list valid at the time. For the current price list please contact Bahnhof's customer service. 5.4 Unless otherwise agreed, fixed fees shall be paid for one (1) or three (3) months in advance. 5.5 If the Customer has chosen to receive an e-mail invoice and the e- mail address provided by the Customer is incorrect, or if the invoice otherwise does not reach the Customer's e-mail address, Bahnhof has the right to send a paper invoice for a fee. 5.6 The Customer is obliged to pay the invoiced amount within the time and in the manner indicated on the Customer's invoice or on bahnhof.se. 5.7 If payment is not received by Bahnhof, or the party indicated by Bahnhof as the payee, by the due date on the invoice, Bahnhof is entitled to interest on arrears in accordance with the Interest Act and to a reminder and collection fee in accordance with the law. Notices to the Customer 6.1 E-mails sent to the e-mail address provided by the Customer shall be deemed to have reached the Customer on the day they were sent. Bahnhof AB Valid from 2022-12-01 Page 1/4 General and Special Conditions Services for private customers 6.2 Letters sent to the Customer's last postal address shall be deemed 9.6 For Bahnhof to remedy errors and interruptions in the Service, the to have reached the Customer three (3) working days after they were sent. 6.3 SMS sent to the telephone number provided by the Customer to Bahnhof shall be deemed to have reached the Customer on the day it was sent. 6.4 Social media messages shall be deemed to have reached the receiving party on the day it was sent. Customer service and maintenance 7.1 Bahnhof is not obliged to remedy faults or provide support in matters relating to computer equipment, network cards, routers, telephones, operating systems, or software not provided by Bahnhof. 7.2 Information on the opening hours and contact details of Bahnhof's customer service can be found on bahnhof.se. 7.3 Bahnhof has the right to carry out updates, maintenance and changes to equipment provided or instructed by Bahnhof and required for connection to, or use of, the Service via the Internet. The Customer shall make such equipment available to Bahnhof for this purpose. Customer is obliged to cooperate via e-mail, telephone, or other appropriate means, in troubleshooting and remedying the error or interruption. Bahnhof shall determine the appropriate means depending on the circumstances of the individual case. 9.7 If the Customer does not cooperate in the troubleshooting within a reasonable period and as indicated by Bahnhof, the Customer may lose the right to a price reduction. Reasonable time shall be deemed to be five (5) days. 9.8 The Customer is entitled to a price reduction if the Service could not be used due to a fault in the Service caused by Bahnhof or Bahnhof's partner, which was complained about in time, and for which the Customer cooperated in troubleshooting as instructed by Bahnhof. 9.9 A valid complaint must be made within a reasonable time after the defect was discovered or should have been discovered, normally within three (3) months. 9.10 Price deductions are limited to the portion of the fixed fee for the Service that accrues during the time from the Service being unusable counting from the Customer's fault report. 9.11 The Customer may request a price reduction within six (6) months The Cstomer's commitments and obligations after the fault has been rectified. 8.1 The Service is intended for normal private use and normal use by the Customer and persons in the Customer's household. The Customer may not use or license Services for the purpose of reselling the Service or otherwise for commercial purposes. 8.2 To use the Service, the Customer must have made settings and have access to equipment such as connections and hardware that meet Bahnhof's requirements and instructions. 8.3 The Customer is responsible for the use of the Service even if the Service is used by others who have gained access to the Service through the Customer. 8.4 The Customer shall store passwords and other codes belonging to the Service in a secure manner so that unauthorized persons cannot gain access to them. 8.5 If the Customer has reason to suspect that an unauthorized person has gained access to the Customer's codes or that someone has otherwise gained unauthorized access to the Service, this must be reported immediately to Bahnhof Customer Service.8.6 The Customer is also liable for unauthorized use of the Service if the Customer has failed to fulfil his/her obligations as described above or if the Customer has intentionally or negligently given unauthorised access to the Service. 9.1 Notification of defects and complaints If a fault or interruption occurs in the Service, the Customer is to report this to Bahnhof. 9.12 Price reductions are normally settled by crediting the next invoice. 9.13 Price reductions of less than three (3) EUR will not be paid. 9.14 Price reductions are limited to the sum of the Customer's fixed charges for the affected Service during the last thirty (30) days prior to the Customer's fault report. 9.15 If several Services are affected by the same fault, a price deduction will only be made for one (1) Service. 10 Limitation of responsibilities 10.1 The customer is only entitled to compensation for direct damage caused by Bahnhof's negligence. 10.2 The customer is not entitled to compensation for indirect damages, e.g. loss of profit, additional costs or other consequential damages. 10.3 Bahnhof does not control or evaluate the content of the information sent and/or received by the Customer. Bahnhof is therefore not liable for any error or damage resulting from the content of the information transmitted via the Services. 10.4 To the extent not otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of any specific supplementary service provided by Bahnhof to the Customer, Bahnhof shall also not be liable for any damage caused by malware such as computer viruses or similar, other unauthorized intrusion, delay, corruption, or loss of data arising from the use of the Service. 10.5 Bahnhof shall not be liable for any damages to third parties. 9.2 Bahnhof is not liable for errors or interruptions in the Service caused by the Customer or any other circumstances not attributable to Bahnhof. 10.6 The above limitations of Bahnhof's liability do not apply if Bahnhof has caused the damage intentionally or through gross negligence or if Bahnhof is liable under law. 9.3 Furthermore, Bahnhof is not liable for errors or interruptions 11 Contractual period, commitment period and notice period during a) the time that Bahnhof carries out planned and necessary maintenance of the Service of which Bahnhof has given timely notice or, b) the time when the Service has been suspended pursuant to section 13. 9.4 Bahnhof shall remedy any failure or interruption for which Bahnhof is responsible within a reasonable time from the Customer's notification of the failure. 9.5 If, following notification of the fault by the Customer, Bahnhof remedies a fault attributable to the Customer, or to any condition for which the Customer is responsible, Bahnhof shall be entitled to compensation for fault-finding work, other work, and other costs. 11.1 Unless otherwise stated in these terms and conditions or in the Agreement, the Agreement shall run from the date on which the Agreement is concluded until further notice, subject to one (1) month's notice. 11.2 If the parties have agreed on a specific term, the following applies. If the Customer wishes to terminate the Agreement with effect from the end of the commitment period, notice of termination must be given at least one month before the end of the commitment period. Otherwise, the Agreement will automatically be extended until further notice with one month's notice. Bahnhof AB Valid from 2022-12-01 Page 2/4 General and Special Conditions Services for private customers 11.3 If the Customer terminates the Agreement during the current 13.9 Bahnhof is always entitled to terminate the Agreement with commitment period, the Customer is obliged to pay fixed charges for the remaining commitment period. 12 Termination at the Customer's request 12.1 If termination requested by the Customer, the Customer is advised to contact Bahnhof's customer service in accordance with the contact details available on bahnhof.se. 12.2 If Bahnhof has reason to verify the accuracy of the termination, Bahnhof may request written confirmation from the Customer. 12.3 Termination by the Customer must be confirmed in writing by Bahnhof, stating the date of termination of the Agreement. 12.4 If a change in these terms and conditions or in fees is detrimental to the Customer, the Customer has the right to terminate the Agreement effective from the date the change comes into effect, provided that the notice of termination is given no later than three (3) months after the notice of change is given. If the Customer does not terminate the Agreement, the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the notified changes. 12.5 In the event of death, Bahnhof or the representative of the Customer's estate may terminate the Agreement upon presentation of a certified copy of the death certificate, with effect from the end of the calendar month in which Bahnhof becomes aware of the death. Otherwise, the Agreement shall become null and void vis-à-vis the estate.13 Termination and suspension 13.1 If Bahnhof, after a credit check or otherwise, has justifiable reason to doubt the Customer's ability to pay, Bahnhof has the right to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect. 13.2 If Bahnhof's right or ability to distribute the Service to the property where the Service is used ceases because of the termination of Bahnhof's agreement for connection to the property, Bahnhof is entitled to terminate the Agreement with one (1) months' notice. If a fixed term agreement has been concluded, the Agreement will cease to apply upon expiry of the fixed term. 13.3 If Bahnhof reasonably suspects that the Customer is not using the Service for normal private use or is otherwise using the Service in violation of the Agreement, Bahnhof shall be entitled to immediately suspend the Service. Examples of non-normal private use are various types of interconnections, causing damage or disruption to Bahnhof, Bahnhof's systems or others through, for example, spamming, spreading of computer viruses or other malicious computer code. 13.4 Unless there are special reasons, the Customer shall normally be warned before the suspension takes place and given the opportunity to take immediate corrective action. 13.5 Bahnhof may also suspend the Service if (a) such obligation arises by law, (b) the Customer, despite a reminder, fails to pay an invoice relating to the Service within the specified period, or (c) the Customer so requests. 13.6 The Customer is obliged to pay a fixed fee for the Service even during the time the Service is suspended. 13.7 If the Service is reactivated after suspension, Bahnhof is entitled to charge the Customer an administrative fee. 13.8 If Bahnhof finds that the Customer uses the Service in violation of the Agreement or otherwise misuses the Service in such a way that damage, or an obvious risk of damage, is caused to Bahnhof or third parties, Bahnhof is entitled to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect. Prior to termination, the Customer shall be given the opportunity to take immediate corrective action if possible. immediate effect if the Service is suspended based on these terms and conditions and the Customer has not taken remedial action within an acceptable period. If Bahnhof terminates the Agreement pursuant to this section, the Customer shall also be obliged to compensate Bahnhof for any damage suffered because of the Customer's breach of the Agreement. 13.10 Bahnhof is also entitled to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect if the Customer is in substantial arrears with payment or is guilty of repeated payment delays that are not minor. Material default shall be deemed to exist if, despite suspension of the Service due to late payment, the Customer fails to pay the invoice due within fifteen (15) days of the commencement of the suspension. 14 Transfer of the Agreement to another party 14.1 The Customer may not transfer the Agreement to another party without the consent of Bahnhof. Transfer requests must be made in the manner indicated by Bahnhof's customer service. In the event of transfer, Bahnhof reserves the right to charge an administrative fee. 14.2 Bahnhof is entitled to transfer or assign its rights under the Agreement to another party without the Customer's consent in connection with the acquisition of the business providing the Service. 15 Change of address or move 15.1 The customer is responsible for ensuring that the contact information provided to Bahnhof is correct. The Customer shall notify Bahnhof of any change of visiting address, postal address, billing address, e-mail address, other contact details and details relating to the provision of the Service well in advance of the change. 15.2 The Customer is responsible for the use of the Service at the address to which the Service is delivered according to the information provided by the Customer to Bahnhof. 15.3 The Customer is obliged to fulfil the Agreement even if the Customer moves to a new address. 15.4 If the Customer wishes the delivery of the Service to be moved to the Customer's new address, the Customer must notify Bahnhof of this at least thirty (30) days in advance. Thereafter, Bahnhof will notify the Customer whether the Service can be delivered to the Customer's new address. Bahnhof accepts no responsibility for any interruption in the delivery of the Service in connection with the change of delivery address due to the fact that Bahnhof has received the necessary information from the Customer too late. 15.5 Bahnhof reserves the right to charge a special relocation fee. 15.6 If the Customer has a remaining commitment period on the Agreement and moves to another address, Bahnhof is entitled to charge a final fee corresponding to the remaining charges during the commitment period. 16 Modification of the Service, fee or terms 16.1 These terms and conditions are valid until further notice.Notice of any change in terms must be given at least thirty (30) days in advance by notice on bahnhof.se, letter or email to affected customers. In the event of a change in terms and conditions within three months, the customer has the right to terminate the Agreement at no additional cost. 16.2 Section 16.1 does not apply for changes that are solely for the benefit of the customer, purely administrative or made to comply with Union or national law. 16.3 Any increase in the Customer's fee shall be notified to the Customer by e-mail or letter at least thirty (30) days before the increase takes effect. Bahnhof AB Valid from 2022-12-01 Page 3/4 If the Customer exceeds the credit limit, Bahnhof is entitled to block the service for all calls except emergency calls. 2.5 Bahnhof has the right to terminate the Service if the Customer has not used the service for twelve (12) consecutive months. 2.6 Before porting (transfer the Customer's telephone number from another operator) can be carried out, Bahnhof needs to ensure that it is possible. Subject to any withdrawal period, Bahnhof will commence the transfer as soon as possible. Bahnhof cannot guarantee that porting can be carried out. 3.1 The service includes the channel packages that Bahnhof offers at any given time. 3.2 Included TV channels are provided by the respective producer or distributor and are mediated by Bahnhof. 3.3 Bahnhof reserves the right to change included TV channels in the agreed TV service. Such a change shall not be deemed to constitute a material change. Purchase of equipment 4.1 The equipment is delivered by parcel post to the address indicated by the Customer in the order, or to the nearest collection point. Bahnhof reserves the right to charge a shipping fee, which is then indicated on Bahnhof.se. If the Equipment has not been collected within fourteen (14) days of the Customer being notified that the Equipment is available for collection, Bahnhof is entitled to charge a return fee. 4.2 The Equipment will normally be delivered within two (2) to five (5) working days unless otherwise stated on Bahnhof.se. 4.3 Bahnhof provides a twelve (12) month warranty on Equipment unless otherwise stated on Bahnhof.se. The warranty means that Bahnhof will replace or repair Equipment that is defective and does not apply to defects caused by tampering, neglect or misuse. 4.4 To invoke the warranty the Customer is to contact Bahnhof Customer Service by telephone or e-mail. 4.5 Bahnhof bears the cost of returning the Equipment provided that the warranty is valid and provided that the Customer has followed Bahnhof's instructions for return. 4.6 Bahnhof has the right to examine returned Equipment for fourteen (14) days and has no obligation to provide replacement Equipment during this period. General and Special Conditions Services for private customers 16.4 Changes in fees must be announced at least 30 days in advance. 2.4 However, Bahnhof has the right to increase the fee with immediate effect if the increase is directly attributable to a change in the exchange rate, tax or similar government levy, indexed cost increase, inflation, change in the fee from a subcontractor (e g for electricity), as well as any other similar circumstance beyond Bahnhof's control that affects Bahnhof's cost for the Service. 16.5 Bahnhof has the right to make changes to the Service without notifying the Customer that do not significantly affect the functioning of the Service or are solely for the benefit of the Customer. 17 Force majeure 17.1 The Party shall be exempt from liability, damages and other sanctions if the performance of a particular obligation is prevented or substantially impeded by a circumstance beyond the reasonable control or foreseeable control of the Party. Exempting circumstances include, but are not limited to, lightning strikes, labor disputes, fires, pandemics, zombie apocalypses, changes in government regulations, government intervention, and failure or delay in services by subcontractors due to circumstances of the same nature. 18 Applicable law and dispute 18.1 Swedish law applies to the Agreement. 18.2 In the event of a dispute between Bahnhof and the Customer, the parties shall in the first instance attempt to reach agreement. If the parties cannot reach an agreement, the dispute may be heard by the Swedish General Complaints Board (Allmänna Reklamationsnämnden, ARN) or by a Swedish general court. Särskilda villkor Broadband 1.1 The speed at which the Customer is connected to the Internet is set out in the agreed subscription. The specified speed is approximate and may vary in practice. 1.2 Bahnhof is entitled to block the Customer's e-mail account for incoming mail if there is no available storage space. The storage space is stated in the Bahnhof contract confirmation.1.3 Bahnhof has the right to deactivate the Customer's e-mail account after termination of the Agreement, or if the Customer has not used his/her account for twelve (12) consecutive months. 1.4 The Customer is responsible for the content of the personal website and Bahnhof does not provide any information or support in the design of the personal website. 1.5 Bahnhof is not responsible for any loss or corruption of information or data, such as emails, images, computer information, information on the personal website or information uploaded by the Customer. Bahnhof is not responsible for backup of e-mails, images, or other material belonging to the Customer. IP telephony 2.1 Bahnhof has the right to set credit limits for the Customer. Information on credit limits is provided in connection with the new subscription. 2.2 Bahnhof is entitled to reduce or increase the credit limit for the Customer with at least thirty (30) days' notice by e-mail or on bahnhof.se. 2.3 If Bahnhof reduces the credit limit during the agreement period, the Customer has the right to terminate the Agreement in accordance with section 12.4. If the Customer uses Telephony after such reduction has taken effect, this shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of the lowering. Bahnhof AB Valid from 2022-12-01 Page 4/4