DEVICE Device THE GRAVITATIONAL GENERATOR of an OPERATION The rights on given the inventions, on it use in the field of medicine, veterinary medicine and for treatment of plants, free of charge are handed UN 22.12.1997y. GRAGEND - 1 Any body. GRAGEND-2 Monocrystal, which opposite edges are covered with metal. To edges the inconstant voltage from the electronic generator is bringed. PURPOSE Istochnik of a variable static gravitational field. OPERATION The variable gravitational field Gragend-1 (Gravitational generator of an operation) in the ten fortieth degree of time is weaker electrical. It can not destroy chemical substances, but can order their structure. It is capable, for example, to change an odor of substances, to delay or to speed up development seeds, to promote the extension or compression of an alive cell and so on. The screen for a gravitational field is not known. THE DEVICE Gragend-1 contains an active element as monocrystal, by which the variable voltage from the built-in generator is applied. The atoms of an active element under an operation of an electrical field change, and around there is a variable gravitational field. The character of a force of gravitational effect depends on a direction of movement of a varying point. For want of transversal oscillations (the transversal field - area B) weakens, and for want of longitudinal (longitudinal field - the area A) will increase. The magnitude of a force decreases with a distance. GRAGEND - 3 The capillary tube from the dielectric, which has been filled in with a weak electrolyte, to, which extremities are applied inconstant voltage. Gr. - gravitational generator of an operation, electrolytic with electrostatic excitation. Manufacturing. From filter paper the disks by a diameter about a box in which are cut is going gragend, for example, from a tooth powder, number from 15 up to 40. From polyethylene the disks by a diameter on 3 mm smaller are cut, at which center the orifice by a diameter about 3 mm is cut. The assembly of paper disks divided by disks from polyethylene is going. The assembly at center is pierced by a wire; it is better silvered, have with the lower party a closed loop by a diameter about 8 mm located perpendicularly to a wire. Along a wall of a box the brass or copper foil is stacked. The assembly is located in a box, to a central wire and to a foil the flexible wires are soldered, through which to gragend the variable voltage from the generator, for example, assembled on the scheme 1 is bringed. The paper of gragend is impregnated with weak solutions of various substances, for example, water, vodka, medicine. The effect depends on effect gragend from assembly, solution, frequency, form and amplitude of bringed voltage and from a distance from gragend up to object of effect. Scheme 1. The gragend with the generator of excitation R4-adjustment of frequency R7-adjustment of voltage output R1 1k ----------- R2 510 ------ C1 33H ------- R3 2k ---------- R7 6,8k --------- In Gr R4 10k ----- T1 KT315Б ---- С2 33H ----- T2 МП42А --------------------- Е = 3 ~ 12v R5 3,9k -------- R6 2k The gragend - 4 Inhomogeneous rotated body with generator. The gragend - 5 Elastic body with the activator. E - Mail:ulmann@baltnet.ru Valentin UlmannGRAVITAAMATEUR For want of consideration of processes happening in a microcosmos the gravitational interaction cannot be neglected! As well as where I shall use the gragend extrasense a simulator Cosmetic massage Correction of an odour and taste For connection For experiment on study of properties of a gravitational field Medical massage. Observations. OPERATION The variable static gravitational field Gragend-1 (Gravitational generator of an operation) in the ten fortieth degree of time is weaker electrical. It can not destroy chemical substances, but can order their structure. It is capable, for example, to change an odour of substances, to delay or to speed up development seeds, to promote the extension or compression of an alive cell and so on. The screen for a gravitational field is not known. THE DEVICE Gragend-1 contains an active element as monocrystal, by which the variable voltage from the built-in generator is applied. The atoms of an active element under an operation of an electrical field change, and around there is a variable gravitational field. The character of a force of gravitational effect depends on a direction of movement of a varying point. For want of transversal oscillations (the transversal field - area B) weakens, and for want of longitudinal (longitudinal field - the area A) will increase. The magnitude of a force decreases with a distance. Extrasense a SIMULATOR The Biofield - the gravitational field is a part of our organism and the problem is to be learned consciously, to control this part, subconsciously we know how. Is well perceived by us "biofield" by palms, by forehead, joints, muscles and so on. For want of to good training the radiation Gragend-1 can be detected on a distance up to 10 m. Tutoring to perception ------ Any part of your organism reacts to work the gragend. You simply should detect modifications, happening in you. EXERCISE 1 to evaluate an operation on you of a field it is easier by a comparison: - Disposition the weakened palm above gragend on a distance about 5 sm., for the beginning, - Take it in the party, - Evaluate the sensations in a palm and in all the body, about and in To the party, - Make for itself a conclusion and are guided by it hereinafter. It is necessary to take into account, that perception and it an evaluation is individual. EXERCISE 2 -The included gragend locate about any of a subject, for example, surface of desktop on some time, for example, 1-minute and remove it. - Try to detect a radiation of desktop. The character of a radiation will depend on what party you have brought to it gragend by. The trace from one radiation is erased by a radiation of other party. - When you had a little to exercise, ask the comrade, in your absence, to make somewhere mark and find it. It will for you by independent examination and can make game in the company, as well as following: By training in this exercise, you can determine, what subjects were in that or other place earlier, it is possible to trace a train of thought of the artist for want of it to work above a picture, on available. It is possible to detect a natural picture of a field - the AURE of any body, including alive And to be learned to distinguish a normal condition from violations. I study to radiate Gragend can be the capillary tube, which has been filled in poorly with a conducting electrolyte, which is excited. By such capillary tubes our body is rich. Remains only to be learned to excite and to control them. But, first of all it is necessary to be defined with a technique of monitoring. It is natural to adhere to the following: - There are two kinds of a radiation, which mutually exelusive -Gragend keeps a trace - You will neutralise it EXERCISE 3 Locate Gragend-1 above a horizontal surface, for convenience, for example, desktop on a distance 1-5 sm. so that, we allow, the pink site would be parallel to a plane of desktop, effect by a transversal field, - Include on some minutes and delete - Check up availability of a radiation from desktop and - Try "to suppress" this radiation - Was received!? Two variants are possible: or you were disconnected from perception, or the radiation is valid is suppressed. For objectivity, it is possible to take advantage of other site of a body, for example, other hand. Better these experiment to conduct together, but not always presence indirect allows to be adjusted. If you will overdo, that is passing a moment of neutralizing, the surface of desktop will begin to radiate at the expense of an operation of your hand. EXERCISE 4 Locate gragend-1 above a surface of desktop so that the violet site would be parallel to a plane of desktop, effect by a longitudinal field - Include on some minutes and delete - Be convinced that from desktop there is a radiation - Suppress this radiation - Was received!? Any area of a body can radiate this or that kind.The success of training depends from general state of an organism. Reaching high outcomes need a lot of patience and time. We wish success! GRAVITATIONAL COSMETIC MASSAGE The gravitational massage does not substitute other kinds of massage; it is an independent method of effect on a tissue by means of a weak gravitational field, which influences all elementary particles. Gragend-2 is a source of a variable gravitational field of an audio frequency. If the alive cell of a tissue (skin, muscle, vessel and blood) is in area A (fig.1), the permeability of its diaphragm is increased, it extends. If the cell is in area B gragend-2, the permeability of its diaphragm decreases, it is contracted. The stagnant phenomena in tissue fail, oedematic fall down. Flabby, friable and loose hanging the skin acquires normal elasticity and denseness, the sacks under eye decrease. A mouth grease gland extend, the resins break up. Nuance of an odour of substances selected by a skin or were on it simultaneously varies. It is rounded off. Cosmetic correcting massage. If you wish to reduce oedematic of a skin tissue, to reduce fatty adjournment in that or other place, you - It is necessary to arrange Gragend-2 so that the area would be came on a selected site of a body To include Gragend-2 on one - three of minute within day for one either Some sessions. If you wish to increase fatty adjourment, Arrange gragend-2 so that area And would be came on a selected site of a body Include it for 1-3 minutes for one day. Use the long time can reduce in accustoming, that will reduce in necessity of more long effect and so on increasing. The effect from massage finds out not at once, and within 1-3 hours. Hygienic cosmetic massage For rendering assistance to your organism to contain a skin tissue in a normal condition, before dream: To influence by area skin covers everything, or part of a body within 1-3 minutes, By area A within 1-3 minutes, By area B - 1-3 minutes. Correction of an odour Under an operation of areas A and gragend-2 the natural odour of a skin, substances selected by it, spirits, colognes, powder, ointments varies, washed etc., as separately, and in a mixture. The character of a modification depends effects on area A or, distances on which there was gragend-2 from a site of a skin, from a condition of an organism as a whole. If, after termination cosmetic procedures, you do not like an odour, that or other site of a body tries to correct it by effect gragend-2, about one minute. We wish success! GOURMET If you do not like taste and odour fault, with the help of gragend-2 you can try to change them in the correspondence with your desires. For want of location of substance in area A and gragend-2 the taste and odour varies it. The express train endurance The drink, for example wine, is poured in a broad, not deep glass, probably, lamina gragend-2 places, from below or from above so that the active surface the gragend would be parallel to a surface of a drink on a distance up to 5 sm. from it, gragend-2 is included and moves above or under all surface of a drink, Effect from 10 seconds about 5 minutes. Modification of an odour and taste depend from The areas And or, with which used, Distances, Time, Thickness of a stratum, Glass. Also it is possible to correct taste and odour of any dishes. GRAVITAAMATUER Till now was considered, that, as the gravitational interaction between elementary particles in the ten fortieth degree of time is less than their electrical interaction, they can be neglected. For want of it was considered that the nature also neglects by it, but it not so. The proofs to this round us. The variable static gravitational field gragend-2 can call: Modification of an odour fragrant of substances, Modification of taste of products of a feed, Modification of a permeability of cell-like diaphragms, Modification of an optical denseness of a mixture of hydrocarbon, Density change of a mixture of hydrocarbon, The area And stimulates germination seeds, promotes the coagulabity of blood, The area detains germination seeds, destroys blood's clots. The modifications happening in substance under an operation variable gravitational immediately, modern methods do not find out, since they energetically are lower than a threshold of sensitivity. To detect them it is possible indirectly, influencing, first of all on alive objects. Here inexhaustible field of activity!The interest is represented by transfer of an information with the help of static gravitational field: The transmitter it is gragend-2, Modulation in-off (Alphabet Morse, binary system) The receiver anyone, for example, fragrant substance, "Radiation" is directed, Sequentially introduced portions fragrant of substance in area And or receive and save an information about availability of a field in that instant, in which they there were. We wish success! MEDICAL GRAVITATIONAL MASSAGE The gravitational massage is independent, distinct from other methods of effect on an organism. For want of it the effect on all elementary particles is carried out, of which the atoms and molecules consist. Probably, the lengths and angles of communications in them are changed. The penetrating ability of gravitational effect is limited to nothing. Screens it is not known. The effect weakens with magnification of a distance, reaching ad infinitum. For want of application of gravitational effect it is necessary to be guided by that under effect of a variable gravitational field in area A: The permeability of cell-like diaphragms is increased, Is observed formation resin in solutions, Is increased coagulabity of blood, The viscosity of solutions is increased, The surface tension is increased, The germination seeds are accelerated. In area B: The permeability of cell-like diaphragms decreases, The disintegration of resins is observed, Is reduced coagulabity of blood, The viscosity of solutions is reduced, The surface tension is reduced, The germination seeds is decelerated, The denseness of solutions is increased, The optical denseness of solutions is increased, All said is connected in due course of day, year, to district. Under effect of a variable field gragend-2 the possibility of a rupture of chemical communications and heat of tissues is eliminated. Preventive massage Is made with the purpose to help an organism to be released of the stagnant phenomena once in 1-3 days. For its realisation it is not necessary to undress, but it is desirable to be released of all constraining. The body should be weakened. -Gragend-2 carries out on a distance up to 4 sm. along all body or selected part, so that the sites of a body would be in area gragend. Time of effect about 5 minutes in general. Change a position gragend-2 so that the sites of a body would appear in area A and carry out by it along all body or selected part, during about 5 minutes. Return to area and repeat a procedure. On one site, with the preventive purpose, it is possible to detain gragend-2 about one minute for one day. Medical massage To conduct, influencing on a selected site about 10 minutes for one day, in the certain cases, only as required of doctor it is possible to influence continuously. THE EFFECT by a VARIABLE GRAVITATIONAL FIELD DOES NOT SUBSTITUTE MEDICINAL THERAPY! It can be used, as addition! Gragend-2 can help: When it is necessary to reduce oedematic of a tissue called: By inflammation: ear, throat, nose, eye, lymphatic of knots etc., By bruises, stretch. abscess, For want of pains in: Muscles, Joints, Backbone, Areas of heart, Areas blood-vessels, To head, For want of haemorrhage. Gragend-2 places so that the inflammation would appear in area on a distance up to 5 sm. from a surface of a body. The availability bandage and plaster does not hinder with a procedure. If the square of an inflammation is more than an active surface (painted) gragend-2, by it make movements from edges of an inflammation to centre. The effect proceeds from 1 about 10 minutes, the longer, than more magnitude of an inflammation and it square. For a diminution be sick also is applied in main area, about 10 minutes. For want of headaches it is necessary to remember, that the reason them can be various, therefore if the application of area results in an amplification of a headache it is necessary to pass to area A, if it also results in an amplification of a pain it is necessary to refuse application of effect. For want of effect on thrombi and haemorrhages (the area B) needs to be remembered, that the coming off clot can close a vessel and to call pains in heart. TO INFLUENCE IT IS NECESSARY the GRADUALLY IS CAUTIOUS, The effect from effect by a variable gravitational field occurs not always at once, and within 1-3 hours. Sometimes effect calls at once pain, for example, for want of inflammation of a tooth. It needs to be suffered. CONSULT With DOCTOR! E - Mail:ulmann@baltnet.ru Valentin Ulmann