California Supplemental Privacy Notice Effective Date: January 1, 2020 SUMMARY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU For individuals who are California residents, we have adopted this California Privacy Policy (the "CA Privacy Policy") to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and other California privacy laws, which require certain disclosures about the categories of personal information we collect, how we use them, the categories of sources from whom we collect personal information, and the third parties with whom we share it. This CA Privacy Policy is supplementary to the general privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for The National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the "Company"). All undefined capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your "personal information" (as that term is defined below) as described in this CA Privacy Policy. Depending on how you interact with the Company, we may collect the following categories of information as summarized in the table below. This CA Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information we collect from employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or job applicants. It also does not apply to personal information we collect from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business- related services. Personal information does not include: • Publicly available information from government records. • De-identified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as: o health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act ("CMIA") or clinical trial data; o personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FRCA"), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") or California Financial Information Privacy Act ("FIPA"), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED All of the categories of personal information we collect about you (as detailed below) come from the following types of sources: • From you or your representatives, including through your use of our services. {2780667.DOCX;2} • Automatically collected from you or your representatives. • Automatically through your or your representatives activity on our Website. • From our affiliates and subsidiaries. • From third parties that interact with us in connection with the services we provide. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED IN THE LAST TWELVE MONTHS We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household or device ("personal information"). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers during the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date of this CA Privacy Policy: Category Examples Collected A name, signature alias, physical characteristics or description, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number or state identification card number, passport number, telephone number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, or other similar identifiers. YES Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. YES Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or A. Identifiers. B. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. C. Commercial information. D. Biometric information. {2780667.DOCX;2} retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. E. Internet or other similar network activity.Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. F. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. G. Sensory data. H. Professional or employment-related information. I. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Current or past job history or performance evaluations. NO Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. J. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. BUSINESS/COMMERCIAL PURPOSES FOR OUR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION All of the categories of personal information we collect about you (as detailed above) are used for the following purposes: • Providing our services (for example, account servicing and maintenance, customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about our services). • Providing email alerts, event registrations, and other notices concerning our products or services, or other events or information that may be of interest to you. • For our operational purposes, and the operational purposes of our service providers and integration partners. • To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. {2780667.DOCX;2} Improving our existing services and developing new services (e.g., by conducting research to develop new products or features). • Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity. • Bug detection, error reporting, and activities to maintain the quality or safety of our services. • Auditing consumer interactions on our site (for example, measuring page views). • Short-term, transient use, such as customizing content that we or our service providers display on the services. • Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as communicating with you about relevant offers. • Such other uses that we notify you about when collecting your personal information or otherwise. CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM WE HAVE SHARED PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE LAST TWELVE MONTHS We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a "business purpose" (as that term is defined in the CCPA). In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Category Specific Information Collected Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information -Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners) -Our affiliate companies -Existing Sponsors -Aggregators (such as analytics services) A name, signature alias, physical characteristics or description, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, or other similar identifiers. N/A N/A A. Identifiers. B. Protected classification {2780667.DOCX;2} characteristics under California or federal law. C. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. -Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners) -Our affiliate companies -Existing Sponsors -Aggregators (such as analytics services) D. Biometric information. N/A N/A E. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. -Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners) or your organization (through its purchase of an Enterprise account with us) -Our affiliate companies -Aggregators (such as analytics services) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A F. Geolocation data. G. Sensory data. H. Professional or employment-related information. I. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). J. Inferences drawn from other personal information. N/A {2780667.DOCX;2} YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES Subject to certain restrictions, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, to delete any personal information that we collected from or maintain about you, and to opt-out of the sale of personal information about you.As a California resident, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests, including our means of verifying your identity. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us either through our email at privacy@rivercats.com or call us at 1-800-. Accessing and Deleting Your Personal Information • Right to request access to your personal information California residents have the right to request that we disclose what categories of personal information that we collect, use, disclose or sell about you. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. However, we may withhold some information where the risk to you, your personal information, or our business is too great to disclose the information. • Right to request deletion of your personal information You may also request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from/about you. However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law, such as personal information required as necessary to provide our services, protect our business and systems from fraudulent activity, to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality, as necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, for scientific or historical research, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our services. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our services. • How to exercise your access and deletion rights California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting your request to us either through our email at privacy@rivercats.com or by calling us at 1-800-____. For security purposes, we may request additional information from you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your California privacy rights so we can reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected such personal information (or that person's authorized representative). We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and the extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response through {2780667.DOCX;2} your account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically as you so request. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. Once you submit a request to (1) access the categories of personal information we have about you or (2) obtain a copy of specific pieces of personal information we have about you, we will ask that you verify you identity by logging into your account using your username and password. There, we will provide you with your information in a password-protected format. To request that we delete personal information we have collected from you, you will need to authenticate with us by first logging into your account using your user name and password on file with us and deleting your account, once you let us know you've taken this action we will initiate the deletion process. If you wish to exercise any of these rights and do not have an account with us, please contact us here and we will request additional information to perform identity verification where possible. Sales of Personal Information California residents may opt out of the "sale" of their personal information. The Company does not "sell" your personal information as we understand that term to be defined by the CCPA and its implementing regulations. We may from time to time have contests in collaboration with sponsors in which personal information may be shared with a sponsor should the California resident not opt out of this option. Non-Discrimination Rights California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights as described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights. {2780667.DOCX;2}PRIVACY POLICY LAST UPDATED: July 20, 2022 This Privacy Policy describes the manner in which Oilers Entertainment Group and its affiliates, including without limitation, Edmonton Oilers Hockey Corp. and Edmonton Major Junior Hockey Corporation (collectively, "OEG", "we", "our", "us") use information in operating our business, our websites, digital platforms, our mobile and other software applications (each, an "app"), and any other online services that displays or provides an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our "Services"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in our privacy practices without prior notice to you. When the Privacy Policy is updated, we will update the date at the top of this page to indicate the date last updated, and the revised version will be effective as of the published effective date, and will be posted on each of the websites owned or controlled by OEG. If we make what we regard to be significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide appropriate notice to you. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy will mean you agree to be bound by such changes. We will also update the Privacy Policy and our privacy practices to comply with federal and provincial privacy legislation as they each may apply. Your privacy is important to us. Although our ability to provide certain service requires that we collect Personal Information about our users, we take measures to ensure the privacy and confidentiality of that information. We are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy, accuracy, reliability and security of all of the Personal Information that is provided to us and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your Personal Information. Personal Information We will only use personally identifiable information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information is information about you that can be attributed to you, and may include but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, payment information, age, gender, and/or user credentials, such as username, password, password hints and similar security information used to create an account and authenticate users of the Services and will be referred to as "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy. We do not collect sensitive Personal Information, such as racial or ethnic origin or health or medical data through our Services. Personal Information does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. Our Services have various features and services. Many of these features and services are available to all visitors to our Services. Some features and services may only be available to those that have registered with our Services. Collection, Use and Disclosure Practices Wherever possible, we will identify the purposes for which Personal Information is collected at or before the time the Personal Information is collected. We may use Personal Information for the purpose for which it was provided and for certain other activities, which are reasonably ancillary to such purpose. For example, if you send us an e-mail with a question or comment, we will use your e-mail address to respond to you. Further, we may store your e-mail and e-mail address and a copy of our response for future reference. We may request Personal Information from you such as name, home address, telephone number, e-mail address, age, income, interests and gender for purposes such as newsletter, 20220720 OEG Website and Digital Privacy Policy chat room, contest and auction registration, and for participation in other interactive online activities as well as to enable us to market various goods and services to you. We also may use Personal Information provided to us to better understand your needs and preferences; to provide to you information about our future events and other items that we believe you may be interested in, including the events of similar organizations; to recommend particular products and services; and to market various goods and services. We may share information with current or future "affiliates", a term that includes our parent and subsidiary companies, joint venture partners, registered charities operated by us or other companies we control, are controlled by, or with which we are under common control. If you have given us your express consent, from time to time we may share your Personal Information with other businesses, marketing partners and advertisers.We will only share such information with these third parties whose policies regarding Personal Information are consistent with our privacy policies and where we have your express consent to do so. We have engaged agents and certain service providers to assist with our Services and activities (such as fulfillment companies). Further, we may work with other organizations similar to ourselves towards some common purpose consistent with our objectives. For these purposes, we may disclose your Personal Information to these agents, service providers and other organizations. However, we will require that these agents, service providers and other organizations agree that they will only use and disclose your Personal Information solely for those purposes, that they will not be permitted to use it for any other purpose and that they will adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you have given us your express consent, we may also use your Personal Information to send you offers from our corporate marketing partners and other business partners. In addition, if you have given us your express consent, from time to time we may share your data with certain of these partners so that they may send you offers directly. We may analyse Personal Information and other data in order to enhance our events and Services. From time to time, we may place a "cookie" on your computer. Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies as well. A cookie is a file written to your computer's hard drive that can be used to track your Internet activity. Also, if you submit Personal Information to our Services (such as your name, interests or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits. We may use cookies to customize delivery of our Services content and advertisements and for other internal site administration purposes. In addition, our ad servers, or those of our third party service providers, may use information about your visits to our Services to customize delivery of advertisements to our Services. You may elect not to have such information used by our ad servers for such purposes by making an e-mail request to that effect directed to privacy@rogersplace.com. You may also set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. However, if you decline acceptance of cookies you may experience less than optimal performance of our Services. Our Services may also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. 20220720 OEG Website and Digital Privacy Policy Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. We may also use and disclose Personal Information that is relevant to a legal proceeding or as permitted or required by law. In the event we transfer control of any or all of our operations or services, we reserve the right to transfer and disclose your Personal Information to that party. However, we will require that party to agree that it will be similarly bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy and that it will only use and disclose your Personal Information as we are similarly entitled under this Privacy Policy. In the event we amalgamate with another organization, we reserve the right to permit that amalgamated organization to continue to use and disclose your Personal Information. However, we will require that the amalgamated organization agree that it will be similarly bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy and that it will only use and disclose your Personal Information as we are similarly entitled under this Privacy Policy. Some web browsers may transmit "do not track" signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites and online services should do when such signals are received. We do not currently take action in response to these signals. If a standard for responding is established, we will update the Privacy Policy on responding to these signals.Please note that this Privacy Policy is not intended to limit our ability to share or disclose aggregated, pseudonymized or anonymized data. Consent for Collection, Use or Disclosure Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers. By using our Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country. While such information is outside of Canada, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country. However, our practices regarding your Personal Information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our relationship with these companies or the effect of this on your Personal Information please do not hesitate to contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@rogersplace.com. When you voluntarily provide us with your Personal Information, we assume you consent to its collection, use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy, subject to any collection, use and disclosure from which you have opted out. In some circumstances, we may expressly request your consent to certain collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of such practises. In some limited circumstances where authorized or required by law, we may collect, use or disclose your Personal Information without your consent. If you provide Personal Information about another person to us, you must make sure that you have the consent of that individual to enable us to collect, use and disclose their information as described in this Privacy Policy and by providing it to us, you represent and warrant that you have such consent. We respect the right of each person to control how his or her Personal Information is used. If, for example you do not want us to collect your Personal Information, you may, in some circumstances be able to opt out at the time the Personal Information is collected. If, for example you do not want us to provide your Personal Information to our affiliates, or if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you may, in some circumstances not provide your consent for such activities at the time the Personal Information is collected. Understand that you 20220720 OEG Website and Digital Privacy Policy can also withdraw your consent at a later date, unless legal requirements prevent this or give us particular directions regarding your Personal Information. To do so, contact us at privacy@rogersplace.com. You may make the following choices regarding your Personal Information: • Unsubscribe. You may opt-out of receiving future promotional email communications from us by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of the promotional email communication and updating your preferences. Additionally, you may identify specific email publications about our Services which you would like to receive by our websites. Please note that we may continue to send you transactional or service-related emails regarding your account. Location Information. If you use location-enabled services or applications covered by this Privacy Policy, you may be provided with an opportunity to opt out of having your location information collected and/or used for certain purposes. However, if you exercise such an opt-out option you may not be able to enjoy all of the functionalities offered by those services or applications. You also may be able to limit the collection of your location information through the settings on your device. SMS and MMS. You may opt out of receiving promotional SMS and MMS messages (e.g., text messages) from us by replying "STOP" to any message, which is free of charge. Please note that we may respond to your opt- out request with a message confirming that you have successfully opted out. Permanently Delete Information. You may request to have your Personal Information personally deleted at any time, under certain conditions. To exercise this option, please contact privacy@rogersplace.com. Limiting Collection We will limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by us and pursuant to this Privacy Policy. Our Services may automatically collect information when you visit them, such as which pages you visit, as well as your IP address, domain name, other device or network information, or location information. We may use this information for our internal business purposes, for example to tailor content on our Services or to assess the amount of traffic to our Services. We may also provide this information on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers.Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention We will not use or disclose Personal Information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual to whom the Personal Information relates in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as required or permitted by law. We will retain Personal Information only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or otherwise transfer any Personal Information, including e-mail addresses, to any third party and we will treat any Personal Information you provide as confidential information. Security Safeguards Only authorized employees and agents of ours who need access to your Personal Information in the course of their duties will have access to the information. We have security measures in place against unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, loss or destruction of Personal Information under our control. These measures may include technological, physical and organizational methods of security. However, due to the nature of the Internet and the limits of technology we cannot guarantee that these security measures will not be breached in all circumstances. In the event of a security breach, we will comply with all applicable laws to notify you about the breach so that you can take protective steps. 20220720 OEG Website and Digital Privacy Policy Our Services which collect payment information online use industry-standard encryption technology to protect the security of your credit-card information. Access to your Personal Information Upon request, you have the right to confirm whether or not we maintain or control any Personal Information relating to you and whether such Personal Information has been used or disclosed by us. You also have the right, upon request, to access such Personal Information and to request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date Personal Information about you. In some limited circumstances as prescribed by law, we may not be able to grant you access to your information. We pledge to investigate any complaint you may have regarding our use of Personal Information and to comply fully with the legal or regulatory supervisory authorities responsible for enforcing our adherence to the privacy principles stated above. Children's Privacy Statement (Users Under 13 Years Old) We take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously. In addition to the steps we take to safeguard the privacy and integrity of Personal Information submitted by adults, we adhere to the following principles and practices regarding Personal Information of children under 13 years old. In general, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 via our Services, and we use age screening mechanisms to help prevent children from posting data on our Services, such as in our fan chat rooms (when available). We do not require children to register or to otherwise disclose Personal Information to participate in the activities in any youth-focused section of our Services. From time to time, we may offer children the opportunity to enter youth-oriented promotions or contests via our Services. In this case, the child will be asked only to provide his or her first name and email address, as well as his or her parent's name and email address. We will use the information only to notify the contest winners, and will require that the winner's parent provide us with whatever information is needed to provide the prize. We may also post information on our Services about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information (such as home address or favorite hockey player) to enter. For these promotions and contests, children will be required to print a paper entry form from our Services and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us. Children are not permitted to provide personal information via our Services in respect of these promotions or to enter these contests online. If you have any comments or questions about the information you or your children have submitted on our Services, including its accuracy, integrity, or completeness, or if you wish to access, review, verify, correct, amend, or remove such information, you may send an e-mail to privacy@rogersplace.com. Or, if you have any questions or comments about our use of your or your children's Personal Information or about our commitment to protecting your and your children's privacy, please contact privacy@rogersplace.com. Third Party Links Please note that our Services contain links to other sites that are not operated by the us.We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites, and we recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each site and that you confirm that the site's policies are acceptable to you. General Nothing contained in this Privacy Policy is intended to create a contract or agreement between us and any user visiting our Services or providing Personal Information in any form. 20220720 OEG Website and Digital Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Alberta and those of Canada applicable therein, without reference to their conflicts of laws. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed from this Privacy Policy and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be used in the interpretation of this Privacy Policy. Contact Us If you have any comments or questions about our privacy or security practices or about your Personal Information in our control, including its accuracy or integrity, or if you wish to change your preferences as to how we use and disclose your Personal Information, please send an e-mail to privacy@rogersplace.com. 20220720 OEG Website and Digital Privacy Policy