TERMS OF USE Effective December 2, 2022 Overview This website is owned and/or operated by or on behalf of Anschutz Entertainment Group ("AEG," "AEG," "us," "our," or "we"). These Terms of Use ("Terms ") set forth the terms and conditions under which you are authorized to use our websites, including any website (or portion thereof) where these Terms of Use are posted, to the extent such websites/services are operated by or on behalf of AEG, or its subsidiaries (e.g. the L.A. Kings Hockey Club, L.P., the "LA Kings"), and apply to any subdomains and mobile versions thereof (collectively, the "AEG Sites"). To the extent additional rules or guidelines affect your use of the AEG Sites, those rules and guidelines (including the LA Kings' Privacy Policy) are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. Through your use of the AEG Sites, you consent to the practices described in these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should immediately stop using the AEG Sites. Additional Agreements & Third Parties These Terms apply only to the sites, or portions of such websites/services that are operated by or on behalf of AEG or its service providers. We may use third party service providers that host or provide portions of the AEG Sites, or you may visit third parties through links or other interactions with the AEG Sites. For example, some AEG Sites are hosted and operated by the leagues (e.g. NHL.com) or our partners, and these parties may have their own terms that apply to the portions of sites or services that they operate. Third parties, other than service providers of AEG, are not governed by these Terms of Use, and these Terms of Use will not apply to the extent your use of the Site is subject to third-party terms. You acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any party other than AEG will be at your own risk. You expressly agree to hold us harmless for any claims of damage arising from any content, product or service provided by any third party or use of your information by those third parties. Your use of any third party-operated websites/services may be subject to any additional Terms of Use and privacy policies. Your Representations As a condition of your right to use our Sites, you represent that you are of legal age to enter into a binding contract and that you are not a person barred from accessing the Sites under the laws of the United States or any other country.Restricted Activities You may not engage in any of the following with regard to the AEG Sites: (1) violate or encourage the violation of any local, state, national, or international law or regulation; (2) collect or store personal data about other users of our AEG Sites or solicit personal information from any individual without proper rights or consent of the individual; (3) send or promote any message that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, abusive, sexually explicit, threatening, vulgar, obscene, profane, disparaging regarding racial, gender or ethnic background, any statement that you have reason to know is false or misleading, or otherwise objectionable messages, as determined by AEG in its sole discretion; (4) infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or privacy, or other right of any party, or distribute any content you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (5) promote or distribute any unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, or material which can be characterized as "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or similar material, any request for or solicitation of money, goods, or services for private gain, or any information posted primarily for advertising, promotional, or other commercial purposes; (6) disrupt or interfere with the security or use of the AEG Sites or any websites or content linked to them; (7) interfere with or damage the integrity of the AEG Sites, including, without limitation, through the use of viruses, Trojan horses, harmful code, denial of service attacks, packet or IP spoofing, forged routing or email address information or similar methods or technology or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to our AEG Sites; (8) use the AEG Sites to store or transmit code, files, scripts, agents or programs intended to do harm, including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs or Trojan horses; (9) attempt to use another user ID, person or entity, misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, including (without limitation) AEG or create or use a false identity; (10) attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the AEG Sites or portions thereof that are restricted from general access; (11) use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing AEG name, trademarks, or product names; (12) attempt to reverse engineer or otherwise derive or obtain the code in any form for any software used in the AEG Sites; (13) engage in any activity that interferes with any third party's ability to use or enjoy the AEG Sites; or (14) assist any third party in engaging in any activity prohibited by these Terms. Further, without our written consent, you may not: (1) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, create derivative works, or exploit for any commercial purpose any AEG content or any use of or access to the AEG Sites; (2) use any high volume, automated, or electronic means (including, without limitation, robots, spiders, scripts, or other automated devices) to access the AEG Sites or monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained thereon; (3) deep link to the AEG Sites for any purpose; or place pop-up windows over any content, or otherwise affect the display of the AEG Sites; (4) access the AEG Sites in order to build a competitive service or to benchmark with a non-AEG service; or (5) reverse engineer the AEG Sites (to the extent such restriction is permitted by law). Usernames, Passwords and Security You are responsible for protecting and keeping confidential any username, password, and other account information used on the AEG Sites. AEG is not liable for your failure to protect your account credentials, or for your use of an insecure password. You are responsible for updating and keeping current any account information, including any phone or email addresses we use to communicate with you. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AEG, ITS RELATED ENTITIES, ITS SERVICES PROVIDERS, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY THE "COMPANY PARTIES") EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, RELATED TO OUR SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. OUR SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. THE COMPANY PARTIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TIMELINESS OF DELIVERY OF CONTENT, ANY FAILURES OF DELIVERY, ERRONEOUS DELETION, OR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND YOU CLAIM WAS INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES.UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, WILL ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, LIABILITY OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR RELIANCE ON OUR SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT, PRODUCT OR SERVICE PROVIDED TO YOU THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SERVICES. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL LOSSES AND DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA, GOODWILL, REVENUE OR PROFITS. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS; EVEN IF ANY COMPANY PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; AND WITHOUT REGARD TO THE SUCCESS OR EFFECTIVENESS OF OTHER REMEDIES. IF ANY PART OF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID, ILLEGAL OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES UNDER SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES TO YOU OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU FOR LIABILITIES THAT OTHERWISE WOULD HAVE BEEN LIMITED WILL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. You acknowledge that you may have or may in the future have claims against us which you do not know or suspect to exist in your favor when you agreed to these Terms of Use and which if known, might materially affect your consent to these Terms of Use. You expressly waive all rights you may have under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which states: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold AEG Parties harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of your posting of any content on the AEG Sites, or other use of the AEG Sites in a manner not permitted by these Terms of Use, including without limitation your actual or alleged violation of these Terms of Use, or infringement of a third party's intellectual property or other rights by you, or another user of the AEG Sites using your computer, device or account. Content on the AEG Sites We will make certain content such as text, images, links, audio, video, or other material ("Content") available on or through the AEG Sites. The Content is owned by AEG, or its respective partners, customers, or users, with all rights reserved, or may be licensed by third parties. All Content which qualifies for protection under U.S. Federal Copyright Law is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Court System, whether registered or unregistered. All trademarks displayed on the AEG Sites are the trademarks of their respective owners and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of such parties. Any use of Content on the AEG Sites, including without limitation reproduction for purposes other than those noted herein, modification, distribution, replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of AEG, is strictly prohibited. With the exception of search engines, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the Content contained therein without prior written permission of AEG. Links to the AEG Sites You are hereby licensed to create hyperlinks to Content on the AEG Sites, provided that the hyperlink accurately describes the Content to which it links. If you include links to the AEG Sites on your website, when the link is clicked, the applicable page within the AEG Sites must be displayed in full (including all trademarks, branding, advertising and promotional materials), without any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding, trademark, advertising, or promotional materials not originally displayed on the page within the applicable Digital Service, and without any interstitial pop-ups or web pages loading before the applicable target page is accessed. The page on which such links are featured must be accessible to the general public and not provided through a subscription service or for a fee, unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by AEG.Under no circumstances may you "frame" all or any portion of the AEG Sites or copy portions of the AEG Sites to a server, except as part of an Internet service provider's incidental caching of pages. We reserve the right to revoke these licenses generally, or your right to use specific links or feeds, at any time, with or without cause. Content Complaints If you believe that any Content on the AEG Sites violates these Terms of Use or is otherwise inappropriate, please report the content by contacting us by mail at AEG Corporate Headquarters, 800 West Olympic Blvd., Suite 305, Los Angeles, CA, 90015, or send an email to privacypolicy@aegworldwide.com. Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement In the event that you find content posted on the AEG Sites which you believe to be an infringement of the copyright ownership or other intellectual property rights of your company or any third party, you are requested to immediately contact AEG's Copyright Agent as described below. To report any alleged infringement, please contact us in writing by providing a signed statement containing the following information pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"): • Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and if you are acting on behalf of the owner of the intellectual property, the name of the owner; a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the copyright or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner; a detailed description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; if your claim is based on a registered work, the registration number, and the date of issuance of the registration; a description of the infringing material and the URL where such material is located on the AEG Sites, or a description of where on the AEG Sites you found such material; your written statement that you believe, in good faith, that the use of the work on the AEG Sites has not been authorized by the true owner of the work, its agent, or as a matter of law; and a statement that all of the information you have provided is true. Please send your notice of alleged infringement to us: AEG Corporate Headquarters 800 West Olympic Blvd., Suite 305 Los Angeles, CA 90015 E-mail: privacypolicy@aegworldwide.com, subject line "DMCA Notice" In accordance with the DMCA, it is the policy of AEG to terminate use of the AEG Sites by repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. User-Submitted Content Any content uploaded, posted, submitted, or otherwise made available by individual users of the AEG Sites, including without limitation blog comments, message board posts, and any other content which does not originate with AEG ("User Content"), is the sole responsibility of the person who made such User Content available on the AEG Sites. Under no circumstances will AEG be liable in any way for any User Content made available through this AEG Sites by you or any third party. Since AEG does not control the User Content posted on the AEG Sites, it does not guarantee the truthfulness, integrity, suitability, or quality of that User Content, and it does not endorse such User Content. You also agree and understand that by accessing the AEG Sites, you may encounter content that you may consider to be objectionable. The AEG has no responsibility for any User Content, including without limitation any errors or omissions therein. The AEG Parties are not liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any User Content on the AEG Sites. User Content is owned by the author thereof, and AEG does not claim ownership of original works created and posted by individual visitors to this AEG Sites. However, by uploading, posting, transmitting or otherwise making any User Content available on or through the AEG Sites, you are granting AEG, and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and other related entities an irrevocable, nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, transferrable, sublicensable, worldwide license to copy, reproduce, modify, publish, display, distribute publicly, perform, exploit, and prepare derivative works of such User Content (including your name, image, likeness, or information you have made publicly available in connection therewith) in any manner, media or format now existing or hereafter devised, without any obligation of notice, attribution or compensation to you. The AEG reserves the right (but has no obligation) in its sole discretion to pre-screen, edit, refuse, move or remove any User Content that is posted on the AEG Sites. You agree that the exercise by AEG of such discretion shall not convert or transform User Content to content owned or provided by AEG, and the user who made such User Content available on the AEG Sites will retain ownership thereof as described below. As required by California Law, we permit minors under the age of 18 to request the deletion of any content or information that the minor has posted on the AEG Sites.To request the removal of content or information you have posted on the AEG Sites, please send a letter or email to the address below with (i) your name, (ii) a complete description of the content you would like removed, and (iii) the web address(es) of the content you would like removed. Please be aware that our fulfillment of this request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted on the AEG Sites. Text Messaging As part of using our Digital Services, you may participate in one or more texting programs administered by or on behalf of Company or its affiliates. By participating in such programs, you are agreeing to receive recurring autodialed marketing messages at the mobile number that you have provided at opt-in. Your consent to participate in any such program is not a condition of any purchase. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply depending on the terms and conditions of your mobile phone contract, and you are solely responsible for all message and data charges that you incur. In all programs, you may text STOP to stop messaging for that program and HELP for help. If you no longer want to receive text messages from us, the sole and exclusive remedy is to end enrollment in the specific texting program by texting STOP. After texting STOP you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile number it is your responsibility to notify us by sending an email to privacy@lakings.com . We are not liable for any communication or transmission of information by text which happens because you did not report that your mobile number changed. We reserve the right to alter message frequency at any time, i.e. we may change the frequency of texts that you receive under any program. We will notify you via text if we change the frequency and provide you with the opportunity to opt out. We also may discontinue any of our text messaging programs without notice or liability to you and reserve the right to cease delivery of text messages to any person at any time in our sole discretion. Our text messaging programs are offered on an "as is" basis and may not be available via all carriers. We do not guarantee the successful delivery of text messages by your wireless provider. Messages sent by text may not be delivered if the mobile device is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time . Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of wireless carriers may interfere with message delivery, including the terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, weather, and the recipient's equipment. We will not be liable for any losses or damages arising from (a) our text messaging programs, (b) non-delivery, delayed delivery, or misdirected delivery of a text message; (c) inaccurate or incomplete content in a text message; or (d) use or reliance on the content of any text message for any purpose. The wireless carriers are not liable for any delayed or undelivered text messages. All information collected in connection with our text messaging programs is governed by our Privacy Policy. Providing Feedback to AEG We welcome your comments and feedback about the AEG Sites. All information and materials submitted to AEG through the AEG Sites or otherwise, such as any comments, feedback, ideas, questions, designs, data, or the like regarding or relating to the AEG Sites or the business of AEG (collectively, "Feedback"), will be considered NON- CONFIDENTIAL and NON-PROPRIETARY with regard to you, but AEG reserves the right to treat any such Feedback as the confidential information of AEG. By submitting Feedback to AEG, you assign to AEG Parties, free of charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in such Feedback. The AEG Parties will be entitled to use any Feedback you submit, and any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any such Feedback, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services using such Feedback without restriction and without compensating you in any way. You are responsible for the information and other content contained in any Feedback you submit to us, including, without limitation, its truthfulness and accuracy. Modifications and Interruption to the AEG Sites We reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or any portion of the AEG Sites with or without notice to you. We will not be liable if we choose to exercise this right. You acknowledge and accept that we do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the AEG Sites, or that the AEG Sites will be error free. You understand that usage of the AEG Sites may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.AEG shall not be responsible for any delays or interruptions of, or errors or omissions contained in, the AEG Sites. AEG reserves the right, but shall not be required, to correct any delays, interruptions, errors or omissions. AEG may discontinue or alter any aspect of this AEG Sites, including, but not limited to: (i) restricting the time of availability, (ii) restricting the availability and/or scope of the AEG Sites for certain users, (iii) restricting the amount of use permitted, and (iv) restricting or terminating any user's right to use this AEG Sites, at AEG's sole discretion and without prior notice or liability. Dispute Resolution Any dispute arising out of or relating in any way to your use of the AEG Sites or any products, services, or information you receive through the AEG Sites, shall be submitted to confidential, binding arbitration in Los Angeles, California before one arbitrator. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. No arbitration under these Terms of Use may be joined with another arbitration related to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing arbitration requirement, with regard to any actual or potential violation of our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in the courts of Los Angeles, California, and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive all objections thereto. We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. Governing Laws The laws of the state of California and the United States govern these Terms of Use and any claims arising out of or relating to use of the AEG Sites, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that the AEG Sites are appropriate, legal or available for use outside of the United States. With the exception of any matters subject to arbitration as described above, the state and federal courts located in Los Angeles, California will serve as the location for any actions brought, or claims made, arising out of your use of the AEG Sites. Compliance with Laws You assume all knowledge of applicable law and you are responsible for compliance with any such laws. You may not use the AEG Sites in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations, or other government requirements. Notice for California Residents If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer AEG Sites of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. Consent to Electronic Communications By using the AEG Sites, you agree that AEG may communicate with you electronically regarding your use of the AEG Sites and related matters, and that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that AEG sends to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that the communications be in writing. To withdraw your consent to your receipt of electronic notice, please notify AEG using the contact information below. Changes to These Terms of Use We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update these Terms of Use without prior notice. You are encouraged to check this page regularly for changes to the Terms of Use. Modifications will become effective immediately upon being posted to the AEG Sites, without further notice to you. Your continued use of any of the AEG Sites after such modifications are posted constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of such modifications, and you may not amend these Terms of Use. Miscellaneous Assignment - These Terms of Use will be binding upon each party hereto and its successors and permitted assigns. These Terms of Use of Use are not assignable or transferable by you without the prior written consent of AEG. You agree that these Terms of Use of Use and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by us, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition, or otherwise. Integration - These Terms of Use (including all of the policies described in these Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by this reference) contain the entire understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the parties regarding its subject matter.Waiver - No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms of Use will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege. Severability - If any provision of these Terms of Use is determined by a court of law to be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent, and the invalid provision will be modified as necessary to make it valid and enforceable while as closely as possible reflecting the original intentions of AEG. Limitation - You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the AEG Sites or relating to these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. No Relationship - No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Use. Force Majeure - AEG will not be liable for any failure or deficiency in the performance or availability of the AEG Sites by reason of the occurrence of any event beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation, a labor disturbance, an Internet outage, interruption of service, communication outage, failure by a service provider to AEG, fire, terrorism, natural disaster, or war. Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms of Use of Use, please feel free to please contact: AEG Corporate Headquarters 800 West Olympic Blvd., Suite 305 Los Angeles, CA 90015 privacypolicy@aegworldwide.com LA Kings Attn: Privacy 555 N. Nash St. El Segundo, CA 90245 privacy@lakings.comARIZONA COYOTES PRIVACY POLICY Revised and Effective as of January 28, 2022 INTRODUCTION This Privacy Policy and its appendices (collectively, the "Privacy Policy") explain how the Arizona Coyotes and Tucson Roadrunners corporate entities and affiliates - specifically, IceArizona Holdings LLC, IceArizona Hockey Co LLC d/b/a the Arizona Coyotes, IceArizona AHL Co LLC d/b/a the Tucson Roadrunners, and the Arizona Coyotes Foundation (collectively, the "Arizona Coyotes", "we", "us", or "our") - collect, use, store, identifiable and disclose personally information (collectively, "Information") while providing our Products and Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any other entity or person that we do not control, the practices of which are governed solely by such third parties' respective privacy policies. information and non-personally identifiable We will perform a periodic review at least every twelve (12) months regarding Privacy Policy procedures, and we may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The most recent version of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this site. Your continued use, access, visitation, or participation in our Products and Services after we make changes to the Privacy Policy is deemed your acceptance of such changes, so please review this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. Please reach out to us if you have questions about this Privacy Policy by: • Mailing your questions to our mailing address; or Arizona Coyotes Attn. Privacy Policy Coordinator, Legal Department 9400 W Maryland Ave Glendale, AZ 85305 • Emailing your questions to the following email address. privacy@arizonacoyotes.com YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT & ACCEPTANCE Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding collection, use, storage, and transmission of Information. We take commercially reasonable measures to protect the Information you choose to share with us; however, there are certain inherent risks associated with sharing Information. We cannot guarantee the security of any Information you disclose to us, and you disclose such Information at your own risk. Page 1 of 24 By using, accessing, visiting, or participating in any of our Products and Services, you acknowledge that we may collect, store, use, and share your Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy practices, your choices are to: • Not use, access, visit, or participate in our Products and Services; • Limit the Information you provide to us; and/or • Request that your Information be provided, amended, or deleted. However, please note that, if you choose not to provide certain Information to us, you may not be able to participate, realize, or access certain Products and Services. PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION We take commercially reasonable measures to: • Protect Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction; and • Keep Information accurate and up to date, as appropriate. Unfortunately, despite our efforts, no security system or system of transmitting data is guaranteed to be entirely secure. While we strive to protect Information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any Information you disclose to us, and you disclose such Information at your own risk. For your privacy protection, we recommend that you do not share any particularly sensitive Information with anyone. If a data breach occurs, we will work to notify regulators and consumers, as required by applicable laws and regulations. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our "Products and Services", which includes all offline and online/digital components. Our offline products and services include without limitation the Arizona Coyotes Products and Services you use when: • Attending our events and programs; • Attending events and programs at which we are present and/or participating; and • Otherwise interacting offline with our authorized employees and agents. Our online/digital products and services (collectively, our "Touch Points") include without limitation our: • Websites (i.e., arizonacoyotes.com and tucsonroadrunners.com); Page 2 of 24 • Mobile applications; • Social media pages; • Registration links; • Entry forms; and • Technology and interactive devices (e.g., cameras, scanners, wi-fi etc.). We collect Information through our Products and Services (i) directly from you when you provide it to us and (ii) automatically when you use or navigate through our Touch Points. We also collect Information from third parties, such as our affiliates, business partners, service providers, and ticketing platforms. INFORMATION WE COLLECT The Information we currently collect, and have collected over the preceding twelve (12) months, includes the following: Category A. Identifiers B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). C.Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. *Examples A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). Collected Yes Yes Yes Page 3 of 24 *Examples Collected Category D. Commercial information. E. Biometric information. F. Internet or other similar network activity. Records of personal property, products, or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. I. Professional or employment- related information. J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). K. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes * Even if our response in the "Collected" column is "Yes", it does not mean that every item listed in the respective "Examples" column for that Category is collected. For example, for the "A. Identifiers" Category, even though we indicate that we collect some "A. Identifiers" Category Information, it does not mean that we collect all of the Information provided in the "Examples" column for the "A. Identifiers" Category. We collect both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information includes, among other things, a person's: • name; • credit card number; Page 4 of 24 • address; • telephone number; • date of birth; • gender; • email address; and • other internet addresses. Personally identifiable information does not include: • Publicly available information from government records; • De-identified or aggregated consumer information; or • Information excluded from the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA"), such as: o Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; or o Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. We obtain the categories of personally identifiable information listed in the table above from the following categories of sources: • Directly from our clients, partners, or their respective agents; o For example, from documents that our clients provide to us related to the Products and Services for which they engage us. • Indirectly from our clients, partners, or their respective agents; and o For example, through information we collect from our clients in the course of providing Products and Services to them. • Directly and indirectly from activity on our Touch Points.o For example, from submissions through our Website portals or Website usage details collected automatically. We collect personally identifiable information during: • Our contest, raffle, sweepstakes, and other promotional registrations; • Subscription registrations to our lists; • Products and Services information requests to us; • Our surveys and polls; Page 5 of 24 • Purchases from us and/or use of our Products and Services; • Communications with us through our agents; and • Participation in other Arizona Coyotes Products and Services. Some of our Touch Points require the collection of images and other information from your device's camera and photos, including through the use of TrueDepth API and/or face tracking. Information from TrueDepth API and/or face tracking is used in real time - we do not store this information on our servers or share it with third parties. Certain features of the application, such as the Augmented Reality ("AR") feature, may not be used without granting access to your device's camera and photos. These images are used only as necessary to initiate or fulfill your requests for AR services. The Arizona Coyotes do not store the data or share it with third parties. Interactions with the Arizona Coyotes through social media (including, but not limited to, correspondence between us and you via social media, information you provide on our social media pages, or any references to or interactions with us on social media) may be used as data collection in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We keep personally identifiable information about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required and/or allowed by applicable law. We may also gather and use non-personally identifiable information. Generally, "non- personally identifiable information" means information that: • Is collected through "traffic data"; or • May entail the use of "Cookies", "IP Addresses," "Geolocation" or other numeric codes used to identify a computer or to monitor how a user accesses a website or other service. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. At this time, our Touch Points do not support DNT codes. However, except in the case of analytics cookies, our Websites limit tracking to the uses described above. Except in the case of analytics cookies, our Websites do not track your use across multiple websites other than the affiliated Websites described in this Privacy Policy. However, other third- party websites to which our Websites link may track your use, so please review their respective privacy policies to understand how you may be tracked. HOW WE USE INFORMATION We use Information that you provide to us or that we collect about you in a number of ways, such as to: • Fulfill the purposes for which you provide the Information, including those necessary to achieve such purposes and for any other purpose that is disclosed to you; • Provide and/or personalize Products and Services, such as our surveys, polls, and email newsletters; Page 6 of 24 • Respond to your requests and questions about our Products and Services; • Confirm Information, such as for promotion winner confirmation and prize distribution; • Provide updates to you via the contact Information you provide, such as to keep you updated on our upcoming Products and Services; • Conduct and notify you of marketing and sales promotions and for other marketing purposes, such as for contest, raffle, sweepstakes, and other promotional registrations; • Conduct customer satisfaction and quality assurance surveys and market research; • Present our Touch Points and their contents to you, such as validating your identity, verifying and responding to communications from you, and providing customer service; • Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities, to investigate and resolve disputes and problems, and to comply with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations; • Protect our consumers, guests, employees, the public, and our property and to respond to emergency; • Correct issues with our IT systems and Touch Points that affect functionality; • Evaluate our in persona and online interactions with you; • Maintain our accounts and fulfill transactions, such as processing payments, advertising and marketing, or similar services; • Verify or improve the quality and safety of our Products and Services; • Enforce our Terms of Use and other contractual obligations; • Administer, optimize, assess, analyze, and secure our Touch Points and their functionality; • Cross-reference, supplement, or combine with other Information that we or our service providers acquire about you through other sources, except where prohibited by applicable law; • Use for research purposes; and • For other lawful purposes. Page 7 of 24 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES We may disclose your Information to a third party for a business purpose.When we disclose Information to a third party for a business purpose, we enter into an agreement that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We may share your Information with the following types of third parties and for the following purposes: • Our affiliates and subsidiaries o We may share your Information with other companies affiliated or under common ownership with us, who may use Information for any of the purposes disclosed in or consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy. • Marketing partners o We may share your Information with our promotional partners and other business partners with whom we have marketing or other relationships for marketing purposes. • Property partners o We may share your Information with independently owned or operated venues at or related to where we provide our Products and Services, who may use your Information to provide you with services at or related to those venues. • Service providers o We may share your Information with our service providers that assist us by using the Information to perform core services, such as billing, payment processing, data storage, customer service, customer relationship management, accounting, auditing, processing insurance claims, investigating accident reports, administering promotions, surveys, email, and mailing services, and otherwise delivering our Products and Services. • Transactions In the event of a sale, merger, consolidations, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, bankruptcy, reorganization, or liquidation of our business, we may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties Information concerning your relationship with us. Any successor may use your Information for the same purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, and for additional purposes upon providing the required disclosures to you. • Legal o We may use your Information to identify you and, where permitted or required by law, we will provide any information about or relating to you, including any Information about you, to third parties without your consent if we reasonably believe that the action is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order, subpoena or other legal or regulatory requirements; (b) fulfill a government request for information; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Touch Points, or other guests and online users; (d) respond to claims that any posting or other content of our Touch Points violates the rights of third parties, including without Page 8 of 24 limitation providing Information necessary to satisfy the notice and counter-notice procedures pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act; (e) in an emergency, to protect the health and safety of users of our Touch Points, our guests and visitors, or the general public; and/or (f) enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or other contracts. • Other purposes o We may share your Information to fulfill the purpose for which you provided it and, with your consent, for any other purpose disclosed to you. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we disclosed the following categories of Information to a third party: • Category A, Identifiers; • Category B, Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).; • Category D, Commercial information; • Category F, Internet or other similar network activity; and • Category K, Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we disclosed this Information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: • Service providers, including without limitation marketing service providers, information technology services providers, software providers, shipping service providers and payment processing providers; • Data analytics providers; • Operating systems and platforms; • Legal and accounting service providers; and • Our affiliates and subsidiaries. We do not currently sell consumer Information, and we have not sold consumer Information in the preceding twelve (12) months. However, if you do not want us to sell your Information in the future, you may preemptively exercise your right to opt-out of such sales site https://response.arizonacoyotes.com/optout. completing following form the the SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN'S PRIVACY We do not knowingly collect, use, store, or disclose personally identifiable information from children under eighteen (18) years of age, and we implement steps in an attempt to prevent the collection, use, storage, or transmission of such information, except for when: • The child is under the age of thirteen (13) years and such child's parent, or guardian provides verifiable consent; or Page 9 of 24 • Otherwise permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").If we become aware that we collected or received personally identifiable information from a child, and none of the exceptions provided in the previous sentence have been met, we will delete such information. If you learn that your child provided personally identifiable information to us without your consent, and you wish for such information to be deleted, please promptly send a deletion request through the steps provided in the applicable requests section below. Although a child may be allowed to participate in certain promotions, if they win, notifications, prize claim documents, and prizes may be sent to their parent or guardian identified in the initial registration process. SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS California residents may have additional privacy rights, including without limitation those provided under the CCPA. While we summarize CCPA rights in the attached Appendix A CCPA Privacy Notice, some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details are included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these and other related rights. SPECIAL NOTICE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RESIDENTS European Economic Area residents may have additional privacy rights, including without limitation those provided under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). While we summarize GDPR rights in the attached Appendix B, GDPR Privacy Notice, some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details are included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these and other related rights. REQUESTS TO ACCESS, AMEND, OR DELETE INFORMATION AND SALE OPT-OUT RIGHTS There are specific information privacy rights for residents of certain regions (e.g., the CCPA for California). We will evaluate and respond to legitimate verifiable requests according to the applicable law and rights for each person, depending on their current residency. This section describes, and explains how to request to exercise, some of these rights. 1. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: Page 10 of 24 • The categories of Information we collected about you; • The categories of sources for the Information we collected about you; • Our business or commercial purpose for collecting, or (if applicable at a later point since we do not currently sell Information and have not sold Information within the past twelve (12) months) selling, that Information; • The categories of third parties with whom we share Information; • The specific pieces of Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request); and/or • If we sold or disclosed your Information for a business purpose, two (2) lists disclosing: o Sales, identifying the Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and o Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Information categories that each category of recipient obtained. 2. Deletion Request Rights You may have the right to request that we delete any of your Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and, as applicable, direct our service providers to delete) your Information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny a deletion request if we cannot verify that the consumer making the request is (i) the consumer about whom we have collected Information or (ii) a person authorized by the consumer to act on that consumer's behalf. We may also deny your deletion request if retaining the Information is necessary for us or our service providers to: • Complete the transaction for which we collected the Information, provide a product or service that you requested, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with applicable law, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract with you; • Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; • Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; • Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law; Page 11 of 24 • Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.Penal Code § 1546 seq.); • Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the Information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent; • Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; • Comply with a legal obligation; and/or • Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. 3. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights You may request that we: (i) provide, amend, or delete your, or your household's, Information on file; or (ii) provide a response to your request to know categories of personally identifiable information, categories of sources of personally identifiable information, and/or categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed personally identifiable information. Again, we will evaluate and respond to legitimate verifiable requests according to the applicable law and rights for each person (e.g., California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) for California residents). You may contact us by: • Mailing your request to our mailing address; Arizona Coyotes Attn. Privacy Policy Coordinator, Legal Department 9400 W Maryland Ave Glendale, AZ 85305 • Emailing your request to the following email address; privacy@arizonacoyotes.com • Submitting your request through our online portal; or https://response.arizonacoyotes.com/CCPA • Calling our designated privacy request phone number. 1-623-594-2534 We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the Information relates Page 12 of 24 to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use the Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. You may designate an eligible authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by providing verified proof of authorization to us through acceptable documentation that establishes a power of attorney and verification of the agent's identity. 4. Our Response Upon receiving such a request, we will provide further details to you, as required by applicable law, such as the identity verification process and an estimated timeline - not to exceed forty-five (45) days from our receipt of your request, unless we provide a permissible advanced notice to you regarding our need for an extension (up to ninety (90) days total). These identity verification processes are implemented for your safety, as they are intended to protect your and others' Information. The individual submitting the request will be required to: • Verify at least three (3) specific pieces of the consumer's personally identifiable information on file; • Sign a personal declaration confirming their identity as the consumer, or an eligible authorized agent of the consumer, whose Information is on file; and • Provide other documentation that we deem necessary to confirm the person's identity. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12)-month period preceding receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, our response will explain the reason(s) we cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the Information with ease. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. 5. Information Sales Opt-Out Rights We do not currently sell consumer Information, and we have not sold consumer Information in the preceding twelve (12) months. However, if you do not want us to sell your Information in the future, you may preemptively exercise your right to opt-out site the https://response.arizonacoyotes.com/optout. completing following sales such form the Page 13 of 24 After you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize Information sales. We will only use Information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. NON-DISCRIMINATION You have a right to not receive discriminatory treatment in response to your election to exercise your privacy rights conferred by an applicable law or regulation.We will not discriminate against you in response to your election to exercise any applicable legal privacy right or in any other illegal manner. For example, unless otherwise permitted under applicable law, we will not intentionally: • Deny you goods or services; • Charge you different prices or rates; • Provide you a different level or quality of Products and Services; or • Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for Products or Services or a different level or quality of Products or Services. However, for California residents, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA- permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Information's value to our business and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code § 1798.83) permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy. INTERNAL SECURITY POLICY The importance of security for all personally identifiable information is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your Information from your PC to our servers, utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to your Information in order to do their jobs are allowed access, each having signed comprehensive nondisclosure agreements with us, which provides legal confidentiality protections. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution. Page 14 of 24 IP ADDRESSES An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web. Web servers - the big computers that "serve" up Web pages - automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. When users request pages from our Touch Points, our servers log the users' IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. COOKIES Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you are at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard - you will find them at most major websites. By showing how and when users use the site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. A cookie allows computers to remember that you registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites. Similarly, our Touch Points use a temporary cookie to track which products you choose to purchase while shopping. The cookie expires once you are done shopping. Allowing cookies to do the record keeping saves you the trouble of repeatedly entering information during a single visit. If you decline this cookie, you may have difficulty ordering your selections. Our Touch Points do not use cookies to retrieve Information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except as described below, we do not use Information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, and that Information is not shared with any third parties. We do not use cookies to identify specific individuals, except in such cases as online shopping (see above) and contest registration (where a cookie allows you to enter a contest every day without registering again each time). You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our Privacy Policy or specific cookie policy. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browsers to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the site, such as the shopping, contest, and game areas, will not function properly if you do so. Page 15 of 24 LINKS TO OTHER SITES Users should be aware that, when you are on our Touch Points, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control.There are links to other sites from our Touch Points that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" takes you off our Touch Points. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logos as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit Information. Always be aware of where you end up and the contents of the applicable privacy policy. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out Information - for example, via message boards or chat - that such Information may be collected and used by people you do not know. As a result, we highly recommend that you protect your Information and only provide your personally identifiable information through legitimate, verified sites. APPENDIX A - CCPA Privacy Notice Revised and Effective as of January 28, 2022 We collect, use, store, and disclose Information as set forth in our Privacy Policy. This Appendix B is in addition to the Privacy Policy and applies to California residents. This notice is provided for California residents in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") to summarize your rights regarding your Information and how we handle your Information. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details are included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these and other related rights. Please note that certain terms in this notice are defined in the CCPA, and the meanings of such CCPA-defined terms are limited to the content of this notice and do not affect the meanings of terms used elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. We will perform a periodic review at least every twelve (12) months regarding Privacy Policy procedures, and we may amend the Privacy Policy, and any subpart such as this Appendix A, at any time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy and its appendices will be posted on this site. Your continued use, access, visitation, or participation in our Products and Services after we make changes to the Privacy Policy, including without limitation its appendices, is deemed your acceptance of such changes, so please review this Privacy Policy and its appendices periodically for updates. If you are not a current California resident, this Appendix A notice does not apply to you. Page 16 of 24 INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT The categories of Information we may collect, currently collect, and have collected over the preceding twelve (12) months include: Category A. Identifiers B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. D. Commercial information. E. Biometric information. F. Internet or other similar network activity. *Examples A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic (including familial genetic information). Records of personal property, products, or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. information Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. We May Collect Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Page 17 of 24 H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. I. Professional or employment- related information. J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). K. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Yes Yes *Even if our response in the "We May Collect" column is "Yes", it does not mean that every item listed in the respective "Examples" column for that Category will be collected. For example, for the "A. Identifiers" Category, even though we indicate that we collect some "A. Identifiers" Category Information, it does not mean that we collect all of the Information provided in the "Examples" column for the "A. Identifiers" Category. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about our current and previous Information collection practices. POTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION We may collect Information from the following categories of sources: • Your device or browser; • Directly from you when you provide Information; • Our affiliates, business partners, service providers, and other third parties; • Data verification services; • Payment processing services; • Marketing vendors and advertising networks; • Ticketing platforms; • Technology and interactive devices; and • Social media services platforms. Page 18 of 24 Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about our sources of Information. We may use Information to: HOW WE MAY USE INFORMATION • Fulfill the purposes for which you provide the Information, including those necessary to achieve such purposes and for any other purpose that is disclosed to you; • Provide and/or personalize Products and Services, such as our surveys, polls, and email newsletters; • Respond to your requests and questions about our Products and Services; • Confirm Information, such as for promotion winner confirmation and prize distribution; • Provide updates to you via the contact Information you provide, such as to keep you updated on our upcoming Products and Services; • Conduct and notify you of marketing and sales promotions and for other marketing purposes, such as for contest, raffle, sweepstakes, and other promotional registrations; • Conduct customer satisfaction and quality assurance surveys and market research; • Present our Touch Points and their contents to you, such as validating your identity, verifying and responding to communications from you, and providing customer service; • Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities, to investigate and resolve disputes and problems, and to comply with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations; • Protect our consumers, guests, employees, the public, and our property and to respond to emergency; • Correct issues with our IT systems and Touch Points that affect functionality; • Evaluate our in persona and online interactions with you; • Maintain our accounts and fulfill transactions, such as processing payments, advertising and marketing, or similar services; • Verify or improve the quality and safety of our Products and Services; • Enforce our Terms of Use and other contractual obligations; Page 19 of 24 • Administer, optimize, assess, analyze, and secure our Touch Points and their functionality; • Cross-reference, supplement, or combine with other Information that we or our service providers acquire about you through other sources, except where prohibited by applicable law; • Use for research purposes; and • For other lawful purposes. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about how we use, and have used, Information. WITH WHOM WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION We may share Information with: • Our affiliates and subsidiaries; • Business and marketing partners; • Property partners; • Service providers; and • Legal and accounting service providers.We may also share Information with other legal persons outside of the Arizona Coyotes if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such Information is reasonably necessary to: • Comply with a court order, subpoena or other legal or regulatory requirements; • Fulfill a government request for information; • Protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Touch Points, or other guests and online users; • Respond to claims that any posting or other content of our Touch Points violates the rights of third parties, including without limitation providing Information necessary to satisfy the notice and counter-notice procedures pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act; • In an emergency, to protect the health and safety of users of our Touch Points, our guests and visitors, or the general public; and/or • Enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or other contracts. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about our Information disclosure practices and history. Page 20 of 24 YOUR RIGHTS The CCPA provides current California residents, including through their eligible authorized agents, with the following rights: • Right to access personal information; o May request access to the categories and specific pieces of Information we collect. • Right to data portability; o May request to receive their Information, when provided electronically, in a readily useable format. • Right to deletion; o May request that we delete certain Information on file about them or • Right to disclosure; o May request to receive additional information about the sources of information we collect, why we collect and share Information, the Information of theirs we collect, and the categories of parties with whom we share their Information. • Right to opt-out of sales; and o May direct us to not sell their Information in the future. • Right to be free from discrimination. o May freely exercise the aforementioned rights without illegal retaliation. If you are a California resident, or an eligible authorized agent of a California resident, who would like to exercise one of your rights, please contact us by: • Mailing your request to our mailing address; Arizona Coyotes Attn. Privacy Policy Coordinator, Legal Department 9400 W Maryland Ave Glendale, AZ 85305 • Emailing your request to the following email address; privacy@arizonacoyotes.com • Submitting your request through our online portal; or https://response.arizonacoyotes.com/CCPA Page 21 of 24 • Calling our designated privacy request phone number. 1-623-594-2534 We will respond as required by the CCPA. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about the request and response processes. APPENDIX B - GDPR Privacy Notice Revised and Effective as of January 28, 2022 We collect, use, store, and disclose Information as set forth in our Privacy Policy. This Appendix B is in addition to the Privacy Policy and applies to European Economic Area ("EEA") residents. We will perform a periodic review at least every twelve (12) months regarding Privacy Policy procedures, and we may amend the Privacy Policy, and any subpart such as this Appendix B, at any time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy and its appendices will be posted on this site. Your continued use, access, visitation, or participation in our Products and Services after we make changes to the Privacy Policy, including without limitation its appendices, is deemed your acceptance of such changes, so please review this Privacy Policy and its appendices periodically for updates. If you are not a current EEA resident, this Appendix B notice does not apply to you. VOLUNTARY COMPLIANCE OUR COMPLIANCE WITH ARTICLE 26 OF THE EUROPEAN UNION'S DATA PROTECTION DIRECTIVE (DIRECTIVE 95/46/EC, 1995 O.J. (L281) 31), ALSO KNOWN AS THE EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION ("GDPR"), IS VOLUNTARY. WE DO NOT CONSENT OR SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE EUROPEAN UNION FOR ANY PURPOSE OR MATTER OF ANY KIND OR WAIVE ANY RIGHTS OR DEFENSES IN LAW OR EQUITY WITH RESPECT THERETO. Our Touch Points and the Products and Services available through them are targeted primarily, but not exclusively for, users in the United States of America. Any Information you enter on our Touch Points is transferred outside of the European Union to the United States of America, which does not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union. The United States of America uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. The GDPR allows for transfer of personal data from the European Union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of Personal Data, regardless of the third country's level of protection.BY USING, ACCESSING, VISITING, OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY OF OUR Page 22 of 24 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THROUGH OUT TOUCH POINTS, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER OF ALL PERSONAL DATA TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, WHICH MAY NOT OFFER AN EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF PROTECTION TO THAT REQUIRED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION AND TO THE PROCESSING OF THAT INFORMATION BY US ON OUR SERVERS LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Your Data Protection Rights Under the GDPR The European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") provides EEA residents with certain data protection rights. If you are not a current EEA resident, this notice does not apply to you. Please note that certain terms in this notice are defined in the GDPR, and the meanings of such GDPR-defined terms are limited to the content of this notice and do not affect the meanings of terms used elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. When used in this notice, the term "Personal Data" means, collectively, Personal Information, Unique Identifiers, Advertising Identifiers, and Location Data which you have provided to us, or which has otherwise been collected by us when you use or otherwise access our Touch Points. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. Under the GDPR, EEA residents have certain data protection rights which are summarized in this notice. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details are included in our summaries. Therefore, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these and other related rights. The principal rights for EEA residents under the GDPR are: • You may access, update, rectify, or delete your Personal Data; • You may restrict processing of your Personal Data; • You may request that we cease processing of your Personal Data; o For marketing activities; o For statistical purposes; or o Where the processing is based on our legitimate business interests, unless demonstrate a compelling legitimate business basis for the processing or we need to process your Personal Data to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim or comply with the law. • You may request a copy of the Information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format ("Data Portability"); and • You may withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your consent to process your Personal Data. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to requests in exercising your rights. You also have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority (as defined in the Page 23 of 24 GDPR) about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA. Our legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your Personal Data because: • We need to perform a contract with you or fulfill services for you; • You have given us permission to do so; • The processing is in our legitimate interests, and it is not overridden by your rights; or • To comply with the law. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data, we hold about you or if want to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR, please contact us by: • Mailing your request to our mailing address; Arizona Coyotes Attn. Privacy Policy Coordinator, Legal Department 9400 W Maryland Ave Glendale, AZ 85305 • Emailing your request to the following email address; privacy@arizonacoyotes.com • Submitting your request through our online portal; or https://response.arizonacoyotes.com/GDPR • Calling our designated privacy request phone number. 1-623-594-2534 Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about our Information practices. Page 24 of 24Terms of Service Last Updated and Effective Date - August 24, 2021 1. This is a Legal Agreement. These Terms of Service (the "Terms") are a legal agreement between you and WFIFL, LLC dba Vegas Knight Hawks, and its affiliates (collectively, "Knight Hawks", "we" or "us") governing your access to and use of the websites, the Knight Hawks' Guest WiFi wireless network (the "Guest WiFi") and the other online services or mobile applications that display or provide an authorized link to these Terms (collectively, the "Services"). Please read the Terms carefully before using the Services. You may wish to print a copy of these Terms or save them to your device for future reference. Your use of the Services indicates your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the Terms. Do not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms. We may modify the Services or the Terms at any time, for example to reflect changes in laws or regulatory requirements. Any use of the Services by you after we post modifications to the Terms constitutes your acceptance of those modifications. 2. Prohibited Content and Activities. You may not access or use, or attempt to access or use, the Services to take any action that could harm us or any other person or entity (each a "person"), interfere with the operation of the Services, or use the Services in a manner that violates any laws. For example, you may not: Impersonate any person or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your credentials, affiliation with any person, or the origin of any information you provide; Engage in unauthorized spidering, scraping, or harvesting of content or information, or use any other unauthorized automated means to compile information; Solicit, collect, transmit, store, or otherwise make available private information of any third-party including, without limitation, telephone numbers, addresses, last names, email addresses, Social Security numbers, or credit or debit card numbers; Obtain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems, materials, information, or any services available on or through the Services; Use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activity conducted on the Services or attempt to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of, or breach the security of any system, device, or network; Circumvent, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile, disassemble, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with (or attempt, encourage, or support anyone else's attempt to engage in such activities) any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Services. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited; Use or attempt to use another's information, account, password, service, or system except as expressly permitted; Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our network or infrastructure; Upload or otherwise transmit any communication, software, or material that contains a virus or is otherwise harmful to our or our users' computers, devices, or systems; or Engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any person from using or enjoying the Services, or that, in our sole judgment, exposes us, users, or any other third-party to any liability, damages, or detriment of any type. Violations of system or network security and certain other conduct may result in civil or criminal liability. We may investigate and work with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the Terms. We may suspend or terminate your access to the Services for any or no reason at any time without notice. 3. Linking to Our Services. You may link to our Services provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest or imply any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none exists and no link to our Services may be "framed" to the extent such frame contains any sponsorship, advertising, or commercial text or graphics. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. 4. Change or Termination. The Knight Hawks may change or terminate these Terms for any reason at any time, for example to reflect changes in laws or regulatory requirements. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to and use of the Services, with or without prior notice. The Knight Hawks also reserves the right to modify the price of any Services or any other products offered via the Services. The Knight Hawks are not responsible for any error in copy or images relating to the Services or any other products offered via the Services.All provisions of these Terms which by their nature continue after the termination or expiration of these Terms shall survive termination. The Knight Hawks also reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the Services. 5. Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have reviewed and understand our privacy policy (which can be found here), which includes all notices and policies linked thereto, including without limitation, the Privacy Notice for California Residents, (collectively, our "Privacy Policy"). You agree (i) to provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as may be prompted by any registration or other forms (collectively, "Registration Data"); (ii) to maintain the security of your password and identification; (iii) to maintain and promptly update Registration Data and any other information you provide to the Knight Hawks; (iv) not to sell, transfer, or assign your account; and (v) to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account. 6. Guest WiFi. The Guest WiFi service is offered by the Knight Hawks as a courtesy and is completely at the Knight Hawks' discretion. Your access to, and use of, the Guest WiFi may be blocked, suspended, or terminated at any time for any reason. You agree to access and use the Guest WiFi only for lawful purposes and to use the Guest WiFi in a responsible and lawful manner consistent with the Knight Hawks' public image. You are fully responsible for your access and use of the Guest WiFi and any results or consequences therefrom. No information you consider confidential should be transmitted via this wireless network. By using the Guest WiFi, you agree to be solely responsible for the content of all information you disseminate. You should be aware that there are security, privacy and confidentiality risks inherent in wireless communications and associated technology. IN ADDITION TO THE GENERAL DISCLAIMERS BELOW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE GUEST WIFI IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. IN PARTICULAR, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE GUEST WIFI WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTIONS TAKEN FROM YOUR DEVICE, WHETHER INTENTIONAL OR UNINTENTIONAL, THE DAMAGE OR OTHERWISE CONSEQUENCES CAUSED THEREBY, WHETHER TO OTHER DEVICES OR OTHER USERS OF THE GUEST WIFI, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE KNIGHT HAWKS. We are not liable for any costs, damages (whether direct, special, incidental, consequential or otherwise), undesired usage, or detrimental effects that may result from your access or use of the Guest WiFi, whether occurring while the device is attached to, or otherwise accessing, the wireless network or not. BY ACCESSING THE GUEST WIFI AND AGREEING HERETO, YOU HEREBY RELEASE THE KNIGHT HAWKS FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL COSTS, LOSS, DAMAGE, INFRINGEMENT, OR INJURY THAT YOU OR YOUR DEVICE MAY SUSTAIN AS A RESULT OF BEING ALLOWED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE GUEST WIFI OR THROUGH YOUR ACCESS AND/OR USE OF THE GUEST WIFI AND YOU HEREBY AGREE TO BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH LIABILITY, COSTS, LOSS, DAMAGE, INFRINGEMENT, OR INJURY. In accordance with applicable law, the Knight Hawks reserve the right to monitor, intercept and disclose any transmissions made over the Guest WiFi and to provide user information, use records, and/or other related information under any circumstances where the Knight Hawks see fit (for example, in response to lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants or to protect our rights, users or property) to the appropriate authorities. 7. Links and Third-Party Content. The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by other persons and that are not under the control of or maintained by the Knight Hawks. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by the Knight Hawks of those other websites or online services, the content displayed therein, or the persons associated therewith. These Terms do not apply to such other websites and online services, and such websites and online services are not part of the Services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of these other websites or services. We may incorporate third-party services, software, technology, data, and/or other content (collectively, "Third-Party Materials") either independently or in connection with various programs, features, or functions available through the Services. Your use of Third-Party Materials may be subject to terms of use other than these Terms and as may be set forth by third-party providers, as applicable.You agree and acknowledge that the Knight Hawks assumes no liability with respect to your use of such Third-Party Materials whether you are aware of their use or not and whether or not the use of such Third-Party Materials is endorsed or recommended by the Knight Hawks. 8. Advertisers and Vendors. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers and vendors found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser and/or vendor. You agree that the Knight Hawks shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers or vendors on a website or in connection with the Services. All of your business dealings with vendors and advertisers appearing on or in connection with the Services, including the Knight Hawks Team Store, shall be at your sole risk. 9. Proprietary Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the word marks and associated logo marks of WFIFL, LLC, the Knight Hawks, the Indoor Football League ("IFL") (including the IFL name and the IFL logo design) and its teams, as well as all other proprietary materials depicted, are the property of the Knight Hawks and/or the IFL and the respective IFL teams, and may not be reproduced without the prior written consent of the Knight Hawks and IFL (or its designee). You acknowledge and agree that (i) any necessary software used in connection with the Services (the "Software") contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws and are either owned by or licensed to the Knight Hawks; (ii) any images of, or tradenames or trademarks associated with, any performing artist, player or team performing or playing in Dollar Loan Center ("Other Performers") are proprietary information protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws; and (iii) content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Services or advertisers are protected by copyrights, trade-marks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by the Knight Hawks, Other Performers or our licensors or advertisers, you agree not to reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, copy, publicly display or otherwise use any content or any derivative works in whole or in part. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Services. You agree not to access the Services by any means other than through the interface that is provided by the Knight Hawks for use in accessing the Services. 10. Disclaimer of Warranties. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, GOODS, OR SERVICES APPEARING OR OFFERED ON THE SERVICES OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY WEBSITES OR SERVICES LINKED FROM THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, STATUTORY, OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (I) THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NO LIENS, AND NO ENCUMBRANCES; (II) THE WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, MISAPPROPRIATION, OR VIOLATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON; AND (III) THE WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF DATA OR CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE BY THE KNIGHT HAWKS. FURTHER, THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN ANY DOCUMENTATION. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY, OR IMPLIED, THAT THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE KNIGHT HAWKS CONTENT, FUNCTIONS, OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, ERROR-FREE, COMPLETE, UP-TO-DATE, FREE OF VIRUSES, OR UNINTERRUPTED. THE KNIGHT HAWKS MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SERVICES ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE KNIGHT HAWKS SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 11. Exclusive Remedy and Limitation of Liability.UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE, WILL WFIFL, LLC, THE KNIGHT HAWKS, OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS ARISING OUT OF THE TERMS OR YOUR ACCESS, USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY KNIGHT HAWKS CONTENT, OR ANY SITES LINKED FROM THE SERVICES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WFIFL, LLC, THE KNIGHT HAWKS OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE, OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR DEVICE, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY CONTENT ON IT OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WFIFL, LLC'S, THE KNIGHT HAWKS' AND ITS AFFILIATES' LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS FOR SUCH DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS EXCLUDES OR LIMITS OUR LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE, OR OUR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY IF AND ONLY IF SUCH LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 12. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend WFIFL, LLC, the Knight Hawks, its affiliates and each of their respective officers, owners, directors, shareholders, contractors, agents, employees, general and limited partners, successors, and assigns from and against any and all demands, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, interest, penalties, losses, costs, expenses, and harms, including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and fees of other professional advisers, arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of the Services, (ii) your online conduct in connection with the Services, (iii) your violation or breach of these Terms, (iv) your failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations in connection with the Services, (v) your negligence, willful misconduct, or violations of the intellectual property or other rights of any person in connection with the Services, or (vi) any of your dealings or transactions with other persons resulting from use of the Services. You shall not settle any such claim without the prior written consent of WFIFL, LLC. These obligations will survive any termination of these Terms. 13. Integration and Severability and Amendment. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between the Knight Hawks and you, superseding any prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and us with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event any provision of these Terms is held unenforceable, it will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions and will be replaced by an enforceable provision that comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision. The Knight Hawks, in its sole discretion, may amend these Terms, in which case we will post the amended Terms within the Services. Your use of the Services after such amended Terms are posted will constitute acceptance of them by you. The Knight Hawks may be required to notify you of certain events concerning the Services and your use thereof, and your use of the Services constitutes acceptance that such notices will be effective upon our posting them on the applicable Services or, if we elect in our sole discretion, emailing you at an address you have provided to us. 14. No Waiver. Our failure to enforce any provisions of the Terms or respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way waive our right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of the Terms or to act with respect to similar breaches. 15. Assignment and Binding Effects. You may not assign these Terms or any rights or obligations herein without the prior written consent of the Knight Hawks and any attempted assignment in contravention of this provision is null and void and of no force or effect. The Knight Hawks has the right to assign these Terms, and any of its rights or obligations herein. These Terms are binding upon each party and its respective successors, heirs, trustees, administrators, executors, and permitted assigns. BY USING ANY SERVICE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use any of the Services. The Knight Hawks may change the terms of this Agreement at any time, and your use of Services after such change is posted will mean that you accept such change. 17. Notice for California Consumers.Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Services are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. 18. Contact Information. Please direct any questions, complaints, or claims related to the Services or your use of the Services to legal@knighthawksfootball.com with "Terms of Service" in the subject line. You can also contact us at: 19. General Provisions. Vegas Knight Hawks Attn: Legal Department 1701 Village Center Circle Las Vegas, NV 89134 The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and the Knight Hawks and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and the Knight Hawks. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The Terms and the relationship between you and the Knight Hawks shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and the Knight Hawks agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the State of Nevada. The failure of the Knight Hawks or any of the other affiliates to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Services or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.