MENU HOME PRODUCTS SOLUTIONS SUPPORT PARTNERS COMPANY 13 Threat Types e-book Build your Ransomware Protection EMAIL PROTECTION APPLICATION PROTECTION NETWORK PROTECTION DATA PROTECTION MANAGED XDR DEPLOYMENTS INDUSTRIES TECHNOLOGIES SERVICES TECHNICAL INFORMATION QUICK LINKS WHO WE ARE NEWS AND EVENTS LEGAL EMAIL PROTECTION APPLICATION PROTECTION NETWORK PROTECTION DATA PROTECTION MANAGED XDR Barracuda Email Protection Complete security that stops all 13 email threat types and protects Microsoft 365 data. Get started in minutes. THREAT PREVENTION Email Threat Scan POST-DELIVERY DETECTION AND RESPONSE DATA PROTECTION AND COMPLIANCE Application Protection Protect all your web apps and APIs with one comprehensive platform. USE CASES Web Application Protection API Protection Full Spectrum DDoS Protection Advanced Bot Protection Secure App Delivery Reporting & Analytics Free Website Vulnerability Scan DEPLOYMENT OPTIONS Web Application Firewall WAF-as-a-Service Barracuda Network Protection Protect and optimize your network. USE CASES Secure Access Service Edge Next-Generation Security Secure SD-WAN Zero Trust Access Web Security Industrial Security PRODUCTS SecureEdge New Build and Price CloudGen Firewall Build and Price CloudGen Access Web Security Gateway Backup Protect data to minimize downtime and prevent data loss. Build and Price Cloud-to-Cloud Backup Get SaaS backup for your Microsoft 365 data with unlimited storage. Build and Price Data Inspector Scan your Microsoft 365 for sensitive data and malware. Free Scan Barracuda Managed XDR New Rapidly mature your cybersecurity posture with comprehensive cybersecurity-as-a-service. 13 Email Threat Types e-book Build your Ransomware Protection DEPLOYMENTS INDUSTRIES TECHNOLOGIES On-Premises Deployment Options Protect your physical locations with cloud-connected appliances and software that can be deployed on premises or in the cloud. SaaS Deployments Deploy simple and scalable security with no software or hardware to install. Amazon Web Services (AWS) Browse our security and network solutions designed specifically for AWS. Microsoft Azure Get security and networking solutions that are deployed natively in Microsoft Azure. Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Check out our security products for Google Cloud Platform. Healthcare Protect patient data and avoid disruptions that could affect patient care. Retail Protect your customers and brand from advanced cyber threats. Financial Services Financial services are a prime target for cyber attacks. Learn how Barracuda can help. Education Protect students and faculty from ransomware and other cyber attacks. Ensure compliance with safe learning regulations. State and Local Government Explore how Barracuda protects state and local government websites and data. Barracuda Security Insights Check out our real-time view of global cyber threats, collected from millions of data points. Top 13 Email Threat Types Learn how to protect your organization from all 13 types of email attacks. Advanced Threat Protection Stop zero-hour and advanced attacks that evade traditional detection techniques. Ransomware Protect your business and users from ransomware attacks in three easy steps. Microsoft 365 Protect all your email, SharePoint, OneDrive, and Teams data with protection that goes far beyond what is built into Microsoft 365. Cyber Liability Insurance Protect your business and support your cyber insurance policy. 13 Email Threat Types e-book Build your Ransomware Protection SERVICES TECHNICAL INFORMATION QUICK LINKS Barracuda values partnership. We’re here to help you protect and support your customers for life with enterprise-grade, cloud-ready security solutions. PARTNER PORTAL BECOME A PARTNER Partners WHO WE ARE NEWS AND EVENTS LEGAL Privacy Policy Barracuda Trust Center We are committed to securing your data. OVERVIEW Sub-Processors Privacy Policy Data Privacy Overviews Privacy Policy Last Updated: January 25, 2022 Barracuda Networks, Inc., and its affiliated companies (list accessible here: https://www.barracuda.com/company/contact#affiliates ) worldwide (collectively “Barracuda”, “we” or “our”) recognize and respect your right to privacy. Each entity of Barracuda is acting as an independent data controller in the context of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains how Barracuda collects, shares, stores and uses data. Typically, we collect customer data in order to provide the products and services that customers purchase or request from us. For example, we may capture email addresses so that a customer can check the status of its software or open a case with our tech support team.We collect visitor data through the Website in order to understand and improve the Website content, as well as maintain a secure computing environment. We collect marketing data in order to respond to inquiries about our products and services and provide access to the latest topical information that potential customers might be interested in. When we collect data, we do so in compliance with this Privacy Policy, which describes how we handle the data we collect in more detail. This Privacy Policy also describes other important topics relating to information privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we handle your Personal Information. By accessing or browsing www.barracuda.com (the “Website”) and/or using any of the services that we provide to you or that you access, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this Privacy Policy. We may collect and process any of the following information about you, which we refer to as “Personal Information” throughout this Privacy Policy: 1.1 Information You Give Us. You may give us information about yourself by using the online forms provided on the Website or by contacting us by phone, e-mail or other means. This includes, for example, filling in the “Contact Us” form on the Website or when you provide your information to us in order to receive our services. The information you give us may include email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, company name, company address, credit card information, job title, account information and any updates to information provided to us. Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide services to you. If you do not provide us with such information, or if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access our services. 1.2 Information We May Collect About You. We may automatically collect any of the following information each time you visit the Website: Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, domain name and country that requests information, the file(s) requested, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; andInformation about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Website (including date and time), length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page. 1.3 Information We May Receive From Other Sources. We will receive information about you if: You obtain our services through one of our resellers or partners. The types of information that we may receive are the same as the information that you may give to us detailed in section 1.1 above.You use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case, we will inform you when we collect that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on the Website. We work closely with third parties (including, for example, advertising networks, and analytics and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. Some Barracuda products use Google Analytics for purposes of improving product performance. For more information on Google Analytics, and how it collects and processes data visit the site “How Google Uses Information From Sites or Apps that Use our Services,” located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. We, or third-party data processors acting on our behalf, collect, use, process and store the Personal Information listed above for the following purposes: On the basis of the contract you have with us, as necessary in order to deliver your contracted services and to carry out our obligations arising from the contract;On the basis of your consent, in order to provide you with information, products or services which we feel may interest you;On the basis of our legitimate interests, as necessary in order:To register you for webinars/seminars.To assign a password.To ensure that content from the Website and services is presented in the most efficient manner for you. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.To allow you to participate in interactive features (e.g., live chat) when you choose to do so.To notify you about changes to our products or services and to keep you informed about our fees and charges.To provide the service(s) you have requested.To improve the quality and accuracy of the services.To allow you to access and use the Website and to register for an account.To ensure the security of our services and the Website.To manage litigation, to answer competent authorities’ requests, to comply with non-EU legal obligations to which we are subject, and to pursue debt.To verify your identity in order to prevent and detect money laundering and fraud.To carry out statistical analysis and market research.For marketing, advertising and promotional purposes to the extent your consent is not required.For the purposes of improving and maintaining the Website, preparing reports or compiling statistics in order to improve our services. Such details will be anonymized as much as reasonably possible. To take other action you request when you supply the Personal Information. On the basis of the legal obligation to which we are subject, as necessary for compliance with such obligation. Personal Information is not used to profile those who access the Website. We retain Personal Information for as long as you use the services we provide and then as required to comply with applicable laws. We will not sell, hire, lease or rent your Personal Information that we collect to any third party without notifying you and/or obtaining your consent, except as expressly set forth in this section. Where you have given your consent for us to use your information in a particular way, but later change your mind, you must contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy in order to revoke such consent. 4.1 Barracuda Affiliate Companies. We will share your Personal Information with any company that is a member of our group, including those that are listed in this Privacy Policy. 4.2 Categories of Third Parties. Any third parties with whom we share your Personal Information are limited (by law and by contract) in their ability to use your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide services for us. We will always ensure that any third parties with whom we share your Personal Information are subject to privacy and security obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. We will share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties: Our service providers and subcontractors including, but not limited to, payment processors, suppliers of technical and support services and cloud service providers;Companies that assist us in our marketing, advertising and promotional activities;Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Website; andSystems integrators and service providers who resell our products and services. 4.3 Other Third Party Disclosures. We will also disclose your Personal Information to third parties: In the event we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or asset;If Barracuda, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by a third party, in which case information held by it about its customers and partners will be one of the transferred assets;If Barracuda is under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with any legal obligation or any lawful request from government or law enforcement officials, and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or prevent illegal activity; In order to enforce or apply Barracuda’s terms and conditions or any other agreement, or to respond to any claims, to protect our rights or the rights of a third party, to protect the safety of any person or to prevent any illegal activity; orTo protect the rights, property or safety of Barracuda, our customers or other persons. This may include exchanging information with other organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Barracuda is committed to taking steps to protect Personal Information you provide to us, including administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Personal Information is only accessed by authorized staff who are instructed to handle Personal Information in a confidential manner. Personal Information is protected by firewalls and standard industry security measures. We may also transmit sensitive information and transactional data using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. The transmission of information through the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your Personal Information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of the Website or our products and services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share the password with anyone. Subject to the conditions set forth under applicable law, you have the right to request to access, review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Information that you have provided to us. You have the right to request an electronic copy of Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company. You have the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling. You may submit such requests by sending an email to legal@barracuda.com . We will respond to your request in accordance with applicable law. In your request, you must advise what Personal Information you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete; or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. Please note that we may need to retain certain Personal Information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. In the event your Personal Information is processed on the basis of your consent, you may withdraw consent at any time by sending an email to legal@barracuda.com and specifying the details of your request. However, any withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on consent before it is withdrawn. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in your Member State of residence, if you consider that the collection and use of your Personal Information infringes this Privacy Policy or applicable law. You have the right to ask us to not process your Personal Information for marketing purposes. We will inform you before collecting your Personal Information if we intend to use your Personal Information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Information. Alternatively, you can contact us by email at legal@barracuda.com at any time. If you have previously given us consent to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you can choose to stop receiving marketing communications that we send to you from time to time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in such communications. Alternatively, you can opt out of such communications at any time by contacting us by email at legal@barracuda.com. You can choose to opt-out from your Personal Information being used for any purpose that differs from the purposes notified to you when we collected your Personal information or from being disclosed to any third party. If you would like to opt out, please contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. Please note that opting-out may prevent us from providing you with our services or information requested by you. Barracuda is an international business with multi-national operations, systems and processes. In this context, the Personal Information that Barracuda collects from you may be transferred to and stored in the United States or another location outside of the EEA or Switzerland, i.e., Australia, China, Hong-Kong, India, Malaysia, Singapore, and the UK . With respect to Personal Information transferred outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we will process Personal Information in accordance with applicable privacy laws by implementing appropriate safeguards. While Barracuda remains self-certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, it is not currently relying on these frameworks for the transfers of Personal Information. Indeed, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCC”) as adopted by the European Commission, a copy of which may be requested at legal@barracuda.com . We will always ensure that such transfers comply with applicable privacy laws, and we will take all reasonable precautions to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For additional Information on U.S. Privacy Safeguards Relevant to SCCs and other EU Legal Bases for EU-U.S. Data Transfers after Schrems II , please click here for the White Paper jointly issued on September 2020 by the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC), Department of Justice (DOJ), and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI). 7.1 Privacy Shield. As noted above, Barracuda remains self-certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, and as such has taken on the additional obligations and liabilities set forth in this section.7.2 Our Obligations to You Under the Privacy Shield. Barracuda has certified that it complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission regarding the collection, use and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.Barracuda has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.Barracuda collects Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. To view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TQk6AAG&status=Active. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Barracuda’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.Barracuda commits to cooperate with EU Data Protection Authorities and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner and to comply with the advice given to Barracuda by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. 7.3 Accountability and Liability for Onward Transfer. Barracuda may be liable in cases of onward transfer of EU and Swiss individuals’ data to third parties received pursuant to the Privacy Shield. 7.4 Privacy Complaints, Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Barracuda commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information without charge to you. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact us at legal@barracuda.com. Barracuda has committed to refer all unresolved privacy complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the US. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com or https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided to you at no cost. Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through the above mechanism, in certain limited circumstances you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration proceeding before the Privacy Shield Panel if Barracuda has failed to meet its obligations to you under the Privacy Shield and that failure has still not been remedied. Additional information about invoking binding arbitration is available online at the following link: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction. 8.1 What Are Cookies and Related Technologi es Cookies are small data files that are stored on your computer that allow us and our third-party partners and providers to collect certain information about your interactions with our email communications, websites and other online services. We and our third-party partners and providers may also use other related technologies to collect this information, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, “cookies”). 8.2 What We Collect When Using Cookies We and our third-party partners and providers may use cookies to automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit or interact with our email communications, websites and other online services. For example, we may collect log data about your device and its software, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, date/time of your visit, and other similar information. We may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure usage and activity trends for our online services and better understand our customer base. To view the types of cookies Barracuda uses on the Website, please click here . 8.3 How We Use That Information We use or may use the data collected through cookies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our websites and online services; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our websites and online services; (c) monitor online usage and activities of our websites and online services; (d) diagnose errors and problems with our websites and online services; (e) otherwise plan for and enhance our online services; and (f) facilitate the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy.We and our advertising partners also use the information we collect through cookies to understand your browsing activities, including across unaffiliated third-party sites, so that we can deliver ads and information about products and services that may be of interest to you. Please note that we link some of the Personal Information we collect through cookies with the other Personal Information that we collect about you and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 8.4 Your Choices About Cookies If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using our online services, as some features and services on our online services may not work properly. Depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. In addition, if you want to reject cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you actively use. You may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it. Some Barracuda products use Google Analytics for purposes of improving product performance. For more information on Google Analytics, and how it collects and processes data visit the site “How Google Uses Information From Sites or Apps that Use our Services,” located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites . 8.5 Your Choices About Online Ads We support the self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising (Principles) published by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). This means that we allow you to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites for online interest-based advertising purposes. More information about these Principles can be found at www.aboutads.info If you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on your internet browser from advertisers and third parties that participate in the DAA program and perform advertising-related services for us and our partners, please follow the instructions at www.aboutads.info/choices , or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to place an opt-out cookie on your device indicating that you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements. Opt-out cookies only work on the internet browser and device they are downloaded onto. If you want to opt out of interest-based advertisements across all of your browsers and devices, you will need to opt out on each browser on each device you actively use. If you delete cookies on your device generally, you will need to opt out again. If you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on mobile apps, please follow the instructions at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices . Please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on our online services. It means that the online ads that you do see from DAA program participants should not be based on your interests. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. In addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information about your use of our online services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other purpose permitted under the DAA’s Principles. The Website may, from time to time, contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected from the Website, and we cannot be responsible for Personal Information collected and stored by third parties. If you choose to visit any websites operated by third parties, then their privacy policies would apply, and you should carefully read such third parties’ privacy policies before submitting any Personal Information to those websites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept any responsibility or liability for the content of such third-party websites, terms and conditions or policies. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By continuing to use the services and the Website, you agree to the latest version of this Privacy Policy. Any future changes we make to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, you will be notified of such changes via email. Please visit this page frequently to check for any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our use of Personal Information on the Website, please send us your questions or comments as set forth in Section 11 below. If you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy or how we collect, use or store your Personal Information, you can contact us by telephone at: +1 408-342-5400, by mail at Barracuda Networks, Inc., 3175 South Winchester Boulevard, Campbell, CA 95008, or by email at legal@barracuda.com . © 2003 - 2023 Barracuda Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. © 2003 - 2023 Barracuda Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. Site Map Our Websites Contact Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Corporate Blog $hl How Barracuda Uses Cookies Your Privacy Your Privacy Barracuda Sites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our Barracuda Sites, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, to enable social media functionality and to customize your relationship with Barracuda, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Barracuda Sites and the services we are able to offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not directly identify you, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies help Barracuda to understand how visitors to our pages engage within their session. Analytics Cookies assist in generating reporting site usage statistics which do not personally identify individual users. Advertising Cookies Consent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts Select All REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID 33Across REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID 33Across 3 Purposes View Privacy Notice 33Across 3 Purposes View Privacy Notice REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID Consent Purposes Location Based Ads Consent Allowed Legitimate Interest Purposes Personalize Require Opt-Out Special Purposes Location Based Ads Features Location Based Ads Special Features Location Based Ads Clear Filters Information storage and access To enhance your experience, this site uses cookies. Continued use of the site constitutes your consent. Privacy StatementMENU HOME PRODUCTS SOLUTIONS SUPPORT PARTNERS COMPANY 13 Threat Types e-book Build your Ransomware Protection EMAIL PROTECTION APPLICATION PROTECTION NETWORK PROTECTION DATA PROTECTION MANAGED XDR DEPLOYMENTS INDUSTRIES TECHNOLOGIES SERVICES TECHNICAL INFORMATION QUICK LINKS WHO WE ARE NEWS AND EVENTS LEGAL EMAIL PROTECTION APPLICATION PROTECTION NETWORK PROTECTION DATA PROTECTION MANAGED XDR Barracuda Email Protection Complete security that stops all 13 email threat types and protects Microsoft 365 data. Get started in minutes. THREAT PREVENTION Email Threat Scan POST-DELIVERY DETECTION AND RESPONSE DATA PROTECTION AND COMPLIANCE Application Protection Protect all your web apps and APIs with one comprehensive platform. USE CASES Web Application Protection API Protection Full Spectrum DDoS Protection Advanced Bot Protection Secure App Delivery Reporting & Analytics Free Website Vulnerability Scan DEPLOYMENT OPTIONS Web Application Firewall WAF-as-a-Service Barracuda Network Protection Protect and optimize your network. USE CASES Secure Access Service Edge Next-Generation Security Secure SD-WAN Zero Trust Access Web Security Industrial Security PRODUCTS SecureEdge New Build and Price CloudGen Firewall Build and Price CloudGen Access Web Security Gateway Backup Protect data to minimize downtime and prevent data loss. Build and Price Cloud-to-Cloud Backup Get SaaS backup for your Microsoft 365 data with unlimited storage. Build and Price Data Inspector Scan your Microsoft 365 for sensitive data and malware. Free Scan Barracuda Managed XDR New Rapidly mature your cybersecurity posture with comprehensive cybersecurity-as-a-service. 13 Email Threat Types e-book Build your Ransomware Protection DEPLOYMENTS INDUSTRIES TECHNOLOGIES On-Premises Deployment Options Protect your physical locations with cloud-connected appliances and software that can be deployed on premises or in the cloud. SaaS Deployments Deploy simple and scalable security with no software or hardware to install. Amazon Web Services (AWS) Browse our security and network solutions designed specifically for AWS. Microsoft Azure Get security and networking solutions that are deployed natively in Microsoft Azure. Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Check out our security products for Google Cloud Platform. Healthcare Protect patient data and avoid disruptions that could affect patient care. Retail Protect your customers and brand from advanced cyber threats. Financial Services Financial services are a prime target for cyber attacks. Learn how Barracuda can help. Education Protect students and faculty from ransomware and other cyber attacks. Ensure compliance with safe learning regulations. State and Local Government Explore how Barracuda protects state and local government websites and data. Barracuda Security Insights Check out our real-time view of global cyber threats, collected from millions of data points. Top 13 Email Threat Types Learn how to protect your organization from all 13 types of email attacks. Advanced Threat Protection Stop zero-hour and advanced attacks that evade traditional detection techniques. Ransomware Protect your business and users from ransomware attacks in three easy steps. Microsoft 365 Protect all your email, SharePoint, OneDrive, and Teams data with protection that goes far beyond what is built into Microsoft 365. Cyber Liability Insurance Protect your business and support your cyber insurance policy. 13 Email Threat Types e-book Build your Ransomware Protection SERVICES TECHNICAL INFORMATION QUICK LINKS Barracuda values partnership. We’re here to help you protect and support your customers for life with enterprise-grade, cloud-ready security solutions. PARTNER PORTAL BECOME A PARTNER Partners WHO WE ARE NEWS AND EVENTS LEGAL Take full control of your data. PROTECT YOUR PEOPLE, YOUR DATA, YOUR REPUTATION. FIND OUT HOW Threats evolve. Your email security should, too. Deploy enterprise-grade security in minutes. Modernize your network. Take full control of your data. PROTECT YOUR PEOPLE, YOUR DATA, YOUR REPUTATION. FIND OUT HOW Email Protection Application Protection Network Protection Data Protection Barracuda named a Strong Performer in the Forrester Wave TM : Enterprise Email Security Q2 2023 GET THE REPORT Enterprise-grade SASE protection for your business Introducing Barracuda SecureEdge FIND OUT MORE 24x7 Cybersecurity-as-a-service Introducing Barracuda Managed XDR Find out more Application Protection just got easier Introducing Barracuda Application Protection plans See the new plans Featured news Aug.8, 2023 Press Release Barracuda partners with Cork to offer cyber warranty created exclusively for customers of MSPs New cyber warranty offers customers financial protection from the costs of cyberattacks. Aug. 2, 2023 Blog Threat Spotlight: Reported ransomware attacks double as AI tactics take hold Barracuda researchers analyzed 175 publicly reported successful ransomware attacks across the world between August 2022 and July 2023. Jul. 12, 2023 Blog Threat spotlight: Extortion attacks To get a better understanding of the financial infrastructure attackers use in extortion emails, Barracuda recently teamed up with researchers from Columbia to analyze over 300,000 emails. Jun. 21, 2023 Press Release Barracuda welcomes Siroui Mushegian as CIO Barracuda Networks today announced Siroui Mushegian as its new Chief Information Officer (CIO). Jun. 14, 2023 Press Release Barracuda honored by Comparably for Best Leadership Teams and Best CEO for Diversity Winners were chosen based on 16 core metrics, including innovation, growth, and workplace experience. Jun. 13, 2023 Press Release Barracuda wins in the 2023 Cloud Security Awards Awards recognize Barracuda CloudGen Firewall and Barracuda Email Protection as outstanding cloud security solutions. Featured webinars Aug 23 10:00 AM (PST) Get the most from Barracuda Email Protection for Microsoft 365 REGISTER FOR WEBINAR Aug 29 10:00 AM (PST) State & Local Gov’t Ransomware Crisis: How to Fight Back—and How to Pay for It REGISTER FOR WEBINAR Sep 7 10:00 AM (PST) Leverage E-Rate funding to boost your cybersecurity REGISTER FOR WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Beyond VPN: Securing your network with ZTNA WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND This Changes Everything: Ransomware in the Age of Artificial Intelligence WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Your Guide to meeting Cyber Insurance requirements WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Understanding SASE—and how to implement it quickly and easily WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Latest 2023 phishing trends: Insights from Barracuda and Forrester WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND The OWASP API Security Top 10 - What's changing and how this affects you WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND 2023 Ransomware Insights report: A global perspective WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND How DMARC helps combat domain-spoofing phishing attacks WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND [Webinar] Stopping malicious bots from causing data breaches WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Securing everyone: Zero Trust 101 WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Using AI to shut down sophisticated new phishing threats WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Protect your Microsoft 365 Environment with BCPi and Barracuda WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND {Webinar] 2023 Email Security Trends WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Protecting your data in Microsoft 365: It’s your responsibility WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND App-based ransomware attacks on the rise: Protecting AWS deployments WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Cybersecurity Predictions for 2023 and Beyond WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Simplify Zero Trust deployment with Barracuda and AWS WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Building a security-aware culture: Security Awareness Training in 2023 WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND 24 hours of Log4J within Barracuda's Security Operation Center (SOC) WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND How to stop malicious bots from causing malicious data breaches WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Protect your Microsoft 365 Environment and Applications with Barracuda and JensenIT WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND A look back at high-impact application vulnerabilities from 2022 WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Industrial Security: How to level up in today’s IIoT Threat Landscape WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Extending Zero Trust to your Saas Applications WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Reducing Ransomware Risk: Waco Texas CIO Shares Proven Strategies WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Hardening Microsoft 365 Against New Account Takeover Attacks WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Cyber Insurance: Why it pays to be prepared WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND The State of Ransomware: 2022 Threat Spotlight WATCH WEBINAR ON-DEMAND Application Supply-Chain Threats: Advanced Strategies to Defeat Them WATCH WEBINAR Aug 23 10:00 AM (PST) Get the most from Barracuda Email Protection for Microsoft 365 REGISTER FOR WEBINAR Aug 29 10:00 AM (PST) State & Local Gov’t Ransomware Crisis: How to Fight Back—and How to Pay for It REGISTER FOR WEBINAR Sep 7 10:00 AM (PST) Leverage E-Rate funding to boost your cybersecurity REGISTER FOR WEBINAR Get a partner in security. Backed by the best customer support in the business, Barracuda security solutions are highly-effective, easy to buy, and easy to use. Trusted by over 200,000 businesses worldwide.Quick links Free trials Get started Downloads Virtual products 24x7 support Contact support © 2003 - 2023 Barracuda Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. © 2003 - 2023 Barracuda Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. Site Map Our Websites Contact Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Corporate Blog $hl How Barracuda Uses Cookies Your Privacy Your Privacy Barracuda Sites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our Barracuda Sites, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, to enable social media functionality and to customize your relationship with Barracuda, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Barracuda Sites and the services we are able to offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not directly identify you, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies help Barracuda to understand how visitors to our pages engage within their session. Analytics Cookies assist in generating reporting site usage statistics which do not personally identify individual users. Advertising Cookies Consent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts Select All REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID 33Across REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID 33Across 3 Purposes View Privacy Notice 33Across 3 Purposes View Privacy Notice REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID Consent Purposes Location Based Ads Consent Allowed Legitimate Interest Purposes Personalize Require Opt-Out Special Purposes Location Based Ads Features Location Based Ads Special Features Location Based Ads Clear Filters Information storage and access To enhance your experience, this site uses cookies. Continued use of the site constitutes your consent. Privacy Statement