Close the overlayer Close the overlayer Personal EN Mail Contact Search MyProximus What are you looking for? Legal and contractual information General conditions Products and services A. Products and services for consumers, self-employed persons and small businesses (up to 9 employees) (PDF, 210Kb) (PDF, 137Kb) Additional services (PDF, 203Kb) (PDF, 196Kb) (PDF, 187Kb) (PDF, 121Kb) (PDF, 158Kb) (PDF, 122Kb) (PDF, 190Kb) Additional services (PDF, 263.8KB) (PDF, 105Kb) (PDF, 105Kb) (PDF, 237Kb) (PDF, 81Kb) (PDF, 172Kb) (PDF, 590Kb) (PDF, 249Kb) (PDF, 342Kb) (PDF, 125Kb) Additional services (PDF, 110Kb) (PDF, 145Kb) (PDF, 687Kb) (PDF, 122Kb) (PDF, 216Kb) (PDF, 150Kb) Additional services (PDF, 105Kb) (PDF, 87.5Kb) (PDF, 223Kb) (PDF, 219Kb) B. Products and services for large companies (as of 10 employees) Agreements concluded as from 01/01/2023: (PDF, 291Kb) Previous version applicable to: Agreements concluded as from 10/01/2022 until 31/12/2022: General Terms and Conditions for Professional Customers (PDF, 272Kb) Agreements concluded as from 01/03/2020 until 09/01/2022: General Terms and Conditions for Professional Customers (PDF, 253Kb) Agreements concluded as from 01/01/2016 until 29/02/2020: General Terms and Conditions for Professional Customers (PDF, 91Kb) Agreements concluded before 01/01/2016: General Terms and Conditions for Professional Customers (PDF, 91Kb) Every Product/Service at Proximus is subject to a Contractual Service Description (“CSD”). The General Terms and Conditions for Professional Customers are therefore complemented by the applicable CSD per Product/Service. The applicable CSD’s for Mobile Connectivity, Fixed Internet and Fixed Voice are available on the Proximus website (below). The CSD’s for all other Products/Services shall be provided to every Customer before signature of the Agreement. They can be consulted at any time by contacting your Proximus Account Manager or via MyProximus. Agreements concluded as from 14/08/2023: CSD Internet (PDF, 4.7Mb) Previous versions applicable to: Agreements concluded as from 10/01/2022 until 13/08/2023: Internet Terms and Conditions (PDF, 679Kb) Agreements concluded before 10/01/2022: Internet Terms and Conditions (PDF, 221Kb) Additional documents: (PDF, 239Kb) Enterprise Voice : Agreements concluded as from 01/07/2020: CSD Enterprise Voice (PDF, 976Kb) Phone Line Enterprise: Agreements concluded as from 01/07/2020: CSD Phone Line Enterprise (PDF, 748Kb) Fixed Voice Infinity: Agreements concluded as from 01/07/2020: CSD Fixed Voice Infinity (PDF, 846Kb) Business Trunking: Agreements concluded as from 08/02/2023: CSD Business Trunking (PDF, 1.4Mb) Service Line Pro: Agreements concluded as from 07/06/2022: CSD Service Line Pro (PDF, 789Kb) Previous versions applicable to: Agreements for Business Trunking as from 01/07/2020 until 07/02/2023: CSD Business Trunking (PDF, 1311Kb) Agreements for PSTN/ISDN concluded before 01/07/2020: ISDN/PSTN Terms and Conditions (PDF, 200Kb) Agreements for IP (VoIP) concluded as from 12/06/2017 until 01/07/2020: VoIP Terms and Conditions (PDF, 285Kb) Agreements for IP (VoIP) concluded before 12/06/2017: VoIP Terms and Conditions (PDF, 331Kb) Marketing Numbers Terms and Conditions: (PDF 141Kb, 112Kb) (PDF 168Kb, 128kb) (PDF 168Kb, 153Kb) (PDF 179Kb, 141kb) Mobile Connectivity Terms and Conditions applicable to all agreements: Mobile Connectivity Terms and Conditions (PDF, 289Kb) Additional documents: (PDF, 122Kb) (PDF, 209Kb) (PDF, 210Kb) Maintenance for Telephone Exchanges (PABXs) (PDF, 208Kb) (PDF, 211Kb) Proximus is adapting its contractual conditions to the new legal framework relating to the Easy Switch procedure As from 2 October 2023, the Easy Switch procedure will be extended to products for small enterprises. A new compensation system will also be introduced. In accordance with the regulatory framework, the Customer is entitled to receive from the new operator: See more See less an automatic indemnity of €30 if the technician does not show up within the agreed time window.an automatic indemnity of €10 per day if the switch results in a service interruption of more than one working day on the Proximus network. At his express request, the Customer is also entitled to an indemnity of €6 per day for late activation of services. The indemnities referred to are not due if the event giving rise to compensation is due to the Customer. The General Terms and Conditions for consumers and small enterprises are being adapted.Modification of the contractual indexation clause for telecom services for professionals (more than 9 employees) from 01/01/23 Due to inflationary conditions, all standard contractual conditions applicable to telecom services intended for professionals with more than 9 employees will be adapted from 01/01/23: as of this date, Proximus will have the right to index the prices of all telecom services twice a calendar year (instead of once a year) on the basis of the consumer price index, without the customer being able to terminate the service in question at no cost. The absence of indexation cannot be interpreted as a waiver of this right by Proximus. It is also stipulated that for the very first indexation, the previous index that will be used as a reference will be the index applicable one year before the current indexation. The standard general and/or specific terms and conditions applicable to telecom services are all adjusted accordingly even if the current standard terms and conditions did not provide for contractual indexation or did so on the basis of another index or at a certain period of the year. The words telecom services refer to electronic communication services within the meaning of the law of June 13, 2005. IT services and PBX products (except Call Connect) are therefore not concerned. Specifically , the current standard contracts and new contracts for telecom services without exception are modified as follows as of January 1, 2023: See more See less 1. The following contractual indexation clause is incorporated in replacement of any other contractual indexation clause [Notwithstanding the General Terms and Conditions for professional customers]*, Proximus reserves the right to adjust the prices twice per calendar year, in accordance with the Consumption Price Index and the following price adjustment formula: P1 = P0 x (CPI 1 / CPI 0) Where: A price adjustment based on the price adjustment formula shall not give the Customer any right to terminate the Agreement without an early termination fee. Any decision by Proximus not to index its prices or certain price components at a given indexation occasion shall not be considered as a waiver of this right. Proximus explicitly reserves the right to adjust the prices or other price components accordingly at a future occasion of indexation. *The text between […] applies to all telecom services excluding mobile services. The rest of the clause applies to all telecom services, including mobile services. 2. Any other contractual indexation clauses is deleted: or 3. The following references are deleted from the general or specific conditions of telecom services: any reference to a yearly indexation (to be replaced by contractual indexation)any reference to indexation in January, December or any other specific period of the year.any reference to the right to terminate mobile services without compensation in the event of a contractual indexation (for mobile service contracts signed before 10/01/22),any reference to an indexation formula based on the Agoria index 4. The new clause mentioned under point 1 is added to the contractual conditions of telecom services that did not yet provide for contractual indexation Modification of the general conditions of mobile services for professionals (more than 9 employees) as of 01/01/23 In addition to the contractual indexation, Proximus is also adapting the notion of “misuse” of mobile services in order to limit the risks induced by certain new consumption patterns, in particular in the context of unlimited offers. Proximus also reserves the right to limit the Internet speed beyond what is considered as a misuse. Specifically , with respect to existing and new contracts for Mobile Services as of January 1, 2023, Section 3.11 of the General Terms and Conditions for Mobile Services is replaced by the following clause: See more See less 3.11 Proximus reserves the right to limit the supply of the Service including to reduce the data speed or to suspend and/or terminate the Agreement without compensation when the service use can be considered as abusive e.g. if the tariff plan designed for interpersonal communications is used for any video or camera monitoring or any other machine-to-machine purpose, if the Service is used for call center or SIM box purposes, or if the Service is made available to third parties or if calls or sms to value-added numbers is 30 times (or more) higher than the average usage of all users for calls or text messages to such numbers ( non-exhaustive list). Proof of the above prohibited practices may be provided by any means and by any legal means, including using data and records from Proximus systems or systems provided by third parties. The Customer and Proximus shall consider such data and records as authentic, until proven otherwise. The tariff plans offering an “unlimited” volume are based on a moderate use of the Service.In the context of unlimited tariff plans, the following practices are considered as abusive: if during 2 consecutive month or during 4 non-consecutive months over a total period of a year (non-cumulative list) In the interest of uniformity, the conditions applicable to mobile services subscribed before 10/01/22 are now fully aligned with the conditions applicable to mobile services subscribed after 10/01/22. This standardization includes the modifications indicated above (contractual indexation and misuse). In case of contractual indexation, these customers will no longer be able to terminate the mobile services free of charge. The other adaptations aim to (i) provide for bilateral termination clauses in certain situations (serious breach of contractual obligations, cessation of business, insolvency, bankruptcy, …) not covered in the previous version (ii) remove from the previous version any reference to consumers to make it a version exclusively applicable to services intended for professional customers with more than 9 employees. Specifically , the following sections are added to contracts signed before January 10, 2022: 12.3.1. Either Party may terminate the Agreement unilaterally, at any time and without referral to the courts, by written notice to the other Party if the latter materially breaches any of its contractual obligations or (insofar as remedy is possible) fails to rectify this within thirty (30) Calendar Days of the written notice. 12.3.2. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Agreement shall automatically be terminated if either Party ceases its activities, becomes insolvent or goes into bankruptcy, is dissolved or undergoes a similar procedure. Proximus is adapting its contractual conditions to the new legal framework governing electronic communications services The changes are designed to provide better protection for customers and will be applicable to ongoing contracts as of January 10, 2022 (entry into force of the « law of December 21, 2021 transposing the European Electronic Communications Code and amending various provisions on electronic communications »), except: the reimbursement of the remaining credit of a prepaid or FullControl card in the event of a change of operator;the extension of the right to keep the email address beyond the current 18-month period in the event that the customer terminates his internet contract if such a service was included. These two changes will be applicable as soon as the royal decrees determining the practical and financial terms of their implementation come into force. The changes include: See more See less A. Concerning the conditions applicable to products and services for consumers, self-employed persons and small businesses (up to 9 employees): Extending the deadline for submitting number portability requests . Customers will be able to request the transfer of their number to another operator by applying to the latter up to one month after the date of termination by the customer of the contract linked to this number. Furthermore, if the number porting procedure fails within the time limits set by law, Proximus will reactivate the customer's contract linked to the number and will continue to provide services under the same conditions until the porting procedure is successfully completed. Standardizing the cancellation period in the event of price increases or changes to contractual conditions that are unfavorable to the customer . Proximus will notify the customer before the changes come into force, and a customer who does not accept the changes to the contract may terminate the contract free of charge, at the latest 3 months after the notification (except when these changes are exclusively for the benefit of the customer, are of a purely administrative nature and have no negative impact on the customer, are directly imposed by or pursuant to legislation, or concern a price increase linked to the consumer price index). The General Terms and Conditions now include information about devices and tariff plans adapted for customers with disabilities .The Price List now sets out the maximum tariffs for premium numbers & text messages as well as the mobile tariffs outside the bundle, in order to provide customers with this information on a durable medium that they can keep.It is also specified in the General Terms and Conditions that Proximus does not provide a minimum quality of service, unless otherwise stated. Proximus naturally undertakes to implement all the resources necessary to ensure the proper functioning of the Service and to provide it in accordance with the contract and as soon as possible. The new possibility for the consumer/customer to request reimbursement of the credit on a prepaid or FullControl card in the event of a change of operator.When the consumer/customer changes operator and transfers their number, they can then apply for a refund of the remaining credit actually purchased (excluding "bonus" credit or credit received free of charge as part of a promotion). If the customer transfers their number to Proximus, they must contact their former operator to make the request. If the customer transfers their Proximus number to another operator, they can submit their request to Proximus within one month of the day on which their number is actually transferred to the new operator. After this period, the customer loses the right to a refund. Proximus will refuse the refund request in case of fraud or abuse. For example, a customer having not used at least 50% of the credit actually purchased during the last 6 months at the time of the request will be considered as fraud or abuse. The refund request is made via the Proximus website. The customer's number must be ported and active at the time of the request in order to receive a personal security code. Refund requests may only be made by consumers for porting requests made after the entry into force of the applicable law. Proximus will apply an administrative fee for the refund operation which will be determined by the future Royal Decree and specified in the Price List. These costs will be deducted from the remaining credit. If the remaining credit does not cover these costs, the refund will not be made. This change will be applicable from the entry into force of the Royal Decree determining the practical and financial arrangements for its implementation. The extension of the right to keep the email address beyond the current 18-month period in case the customer terminates their internet contract if such a service was included. This change will be applicable from the entry into force of the Royal Decree determining the practical and financial arrangements for its implementation.Contracts for electronic communications services concluded with business customers and providing for an initial term with tacit renewal will be automatically extended for an indefinite term at the end of their initial term. During this extension, they may be terminated in writing at any time by giving one month's notice. This applies only to the following electronic communications services within the meaning of the law: Internet access services, number-based interpersonal communications services and transmission services other than machine-to-machine services. B. Concerning the conditions applicable to products and services for large companies (as of 10 employees): The changes listed above for business customers with up to 9 employees are also applicable from the entry into force of the Act to contracts for electronic communications services with other business customers (with 10 or more employees) subject to the following: A customer of machine-to-machine services with more than 50 employees shall not have the right to terminate their contract in the event of price increases or contractual changes which would be unfavorable to them. Services that do not meet the legal definition of "electronic communications services" as defined by law are not covered by these amendments. Proximus websites and MyProximus (PDF, 300Kb) (PDF, 262Kb) (PDF, 437Kb) Loyalty Programs (PDF, 216Kb) Automated interactions with our customer service When you contact Proximus customer service, via call or chat, you will first meet an artificial intelligence (AI) that will offer to assist you. Proximus aims to improve its interactions with its customers through different means, aiming to reduce as much as possible the waiting time when you try to reach our services. Given the large number of services offered by Proximus, and the broad range of support provided to our customers, one of the most efficient ways to better improve our interactions is through artificial intelligence. See more See less The way this AI works is the following: Step 1: You contact Proximus through the communication mean of your choice Step 2: You are put in contact with an AI, that identifies itself as being an AI, and that offers to assist you. Step 3: The AI will attempt to identify the reason for call/message to assist you in the most efficient way. Note that: If the AI can correctly identify the reason for your call/message, and it is able to assist you without the intervention of an agent, then it will offer you the information it believes you need or the solution you might have requested. If the AI can correctly identify the reason for your call/message, and it is not able to assist you without the intervention of an agent, then it will put you directly in contact with the right agent that will attempt to assist you with your request. If the AI is not able to correctly identify the reason for your call/message, then it will put you directly in contact with an agent that will attempt to assist you with your request.In any case: You are always offered the possibility to be put in contact with an agent if you wish to. Although the aim of the AI is a triage of the requests received by our customer service, to put you in contact with the right agent, some small decisions might be taken automatically (cancellation of an invoice for instance). However, such actions could require additional identification from you in order to prevent usurpation of your identity before taking any actions that could impact you. The interaction with our AI is stored in our systems for documentation purposes for a maximum of 3 months after the closure of the conversation, to allow us to access the history of past conversations for more efficient management of requests when you have recurrent issues. Do you have questions about your personal data? Please click here ! Pricelist and tariffs Current tariffs (PDF, 485.9Kb) (PDF, 162Kb) (PDF, 205Kb) (PDF, 100Kb) (PDF, 75Kb) A. Personal (PDF, 228.5Kb) (PDF, 107Kb) National calls (landline) (PDF, 57.6Kb) (PDF, 82.6Kb) International calls (landline) (PDF, 225.6Kb) (PDF, 205.6Kb) International calls from Belgium (mobile phone) (PDF, 231.9Kb) (PDF, 230.7Kb) Roaming rates (mobile phone) (PDF, 353.8Kb) (PDF, 326Kb) B. Business (PDF, 229Kb) (PDF, 104Kb) National calls (landline) (PDF, 83Kb) International calls (landline) (PDF, 206Kb) International calls from Belgium (mobile phone) (PDF, 232Kb) (PDF, 145Kb) Roaming rates (mobile phone) (PDF, 354Kb) C. Large companies (PDF, 205Kb) Unlimited Calls (landline) (PDF, 97Kb) (PDF, 267Kb) Call Credit (landline) (PDF, 100Kb) (PDF, 126Kb) (PDF, 126Kb) (PDF, 130Kb) (PDF, 100Kb) Infinity (landline) (PDF, 113KB) Roaming rates (mobile phone) (PDF, 330Kb) (PDF, 184Kb) (PDF, 209Kb) A. Personal Landline and packs (PDF, 225Kb) (PDF, 315.9Kb) (PDF, 320.2Kb) (PDF, 317.2Kb) (PDF, 352Kb) (PDF, 32.7Kb) (PDF, 32.7Kb) (PDF, 71.7Kb) Mobile (PDF, 991Kb) B. Business Landline and packs (PDF, 316Kb) (PDF, 332Kb) (PDF, 321Kb) (PDF, 182Kb) (PDF, 366Kb) Mobile (PDF, 892Kb) Value Pack program Fuse Program (PDF, 65Kb) (PDF, 63.9Kb) Privacy notice At Proximus we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and users. We recognize that the personal data you entrust to us is valuable and important to you, and we take our responsibility to safeguard your data very seriously. In this privacy notice, we will provide you with detailed information about the personal data we collect about you, what happens with your personal data if you use our services and apps and/or visit our different websites, for what purposes your personal data are used, and with whom your personal data are shared. You can also find out how you can control our use of your personal data. We will also explain your rights regarding your personal data, and how you can exercise these rights. To make the notice more readable, we have divided the different topics into chapters, which are easy to consult using the selection menu. In addition to complying with relevant data protection laws and regulations, we are committed to upholding the highest ethical and moral standards in our handling of personal data. We believe that privacy is a fundamental human right, and that it is our duty to protect and respect your personal information. Protocol on data processing BIPT and Proximus in the context of the national broadband plan Opens a new window prescribes that a protocol shall be established whenever the BIPT shares personal data by electronic means with another body or a third party. A protocol is required when both the BIPT and the party with whom the personal data are exchanged, in this case Proximus, are each the controller regarding the exchanged personal data. The parties concerned describe the exchange of personal data in the protocol. In this sense, the protocol is a transparency document explaining clearly to all interested parties which personal data is exchanged. Further information is also available on the website of the Data Protection Authority Opens a new window . You will find the protocols concluded by the BIPT here: Protocol between the Belgian Institute for Postal Services and Telecommunications (BIPT) and Proximus SA in the context of the National Broadband Plan of Minister of Telecommunications Petra De Sutter . Legal information and codes of conduct Consumer info (PDF, 104Kb) (PDF, 119Kb) Codes of conduct This charter applies to relations between subscribers and their private customers and individual consumers. In this text, the term consumers is used for these persons.(PDF, 249Kb) (PDF, 513Kb, in french) (PDF, 129Kb): as members of GOF (GSM Operator Forum), Proximus applies these guidelines (PDF, 170Kb): as members of GOF (GSM Operator Forum), Proximus applies these guidelines Counterfeit prevention The contractor shall at all times offer only products that it purchases from the original manufacturers and their wholesalers. Should consumers have doubts about the authenticity of products, they can refer to the website https://www.eccbelgium.be/ New window for more information and tips. If consumers suspect counterfeiting, they should file a complaint via Meldpunt (Report) on https://meldpunt.belgie.be/meldpunt/en/welcome New window. Indicators concerning quality of service (PDF, 125Kb) The estimated maximum upload and download speed (gives an average of the speeds that users experience on our network): Estimated maximum upload speed 22.7 Mbps Estimated maximum download speed 71.3 Mbps After-sales customer service Questions about your online order or a product? Feel free to contact our customer service! Our team will answer your questions over the phone from Monday to Saturday from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. on 0800 55 800 (for consumers) (toll-free) or 0800 55 500 (for small enterprises) (toll-free). A complaint? Contact your local Proximus service or call 02 202 41 11. You can also contact the Telecom Mediation Service by e-mail: klachten@ombudsmantelecom.be / plaintes@mediateurtelecom.be or by post: Boulevard du Roi Albert II 8 boîte 3 à 1000 Bruxelles / Koning Albert II-laan 8 bus 3 te 1000 Brussel, tel. 02 223 09 09/ 02 223 06 06. Or you can contact the Online Dispute Resolution Platform . Name changes In an effort of simplification of our offer, the naming of certain of our products will change as from the 1st October, without any change of content, price or conditions. (PDF, 66.5Kb) Some PDF files may be inaccessible to some people. In this case, we invite you to contact us . Do you have a question? Ask one of our advisors. Make your choice: Chat with us on this website Chat with us on this website not available at this moment Forum Proximus Center >Close Do you have a question? Ask one of our advisors. Make your choice: Chat with us on this website Chat with us on this website not available at this moment Forum Proximus Center Advice? Join us Legal information Products New window Blog New window New window New window New window Help & Contact New window New window New window New window Stay informed Keep in touch with latest news, offers or promotions by e-mail All rights reserved. © 2023 Proximus New window This site was created and is managed in accordance with Belgian law. Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 27 - B-1030 Brussels. New window New window New window New window Independents and companies up to 9 employees Companies as of 10 employees and the public sector Independents and companies up to 9 employees Companies as of 10 employees and the public sector Facebook (New window) Twitter (New window) Youtube (New window) Forum (New window) MyProximus (New window) Pickx (New window) Banx (New window) Doktr (New window) BeCommerce website (New window) About cookies on this site Proximus installs cookies to analyse the use of its websites, to improve your browsing experience and to better tailor the content and the advertisements on its websites to your interests. Partners with whom Proximus collaborates can also install advertising cookies via the Proximus websites in order to show you advertisements that may be relevant to you on other websites and social media. Please note that if you block certain cookies, this may hinder the correct functioning of the website. Cookie policy Set my cookie preferences. Manage Consent Preferences Necessary and analytical cookies and similar technologies Some cookies are essential for the functioning of the site and are automatically active (eg session ID) You can’t disable these cookies. Proximus’ first party analytical cookies make it possible to analyse traffic on Proximus websites. These cookies are purely statistical. They enable Proximus to analyse the use of its website by, for example, quantifying visits to the site, determining whether there are perfomance issues or bottlenecks, etc. This information helps us to provide the best service and performance. Examples of authorised functionalities: "Remember login information and provide a secure login","Remember your shopping cart for a few hours"," Traffic analysis to optimize the functions of the site","Analyse site usage to provide more relevant content" Personalized Proximus offers and experience Personalized Proximus offers and experience Other cookies allow for a more personalized experience on our websites.Thanks to these cookies, Proximus is able to optimize your journey by displaying relevant information and offers on all the Proximus websites. For instance, Proximus uses your navigation behaviour to offer you marketing messages about our products or services based on your interests. These cookies are fully controlled by Proximus so that none of the information collected is ever passed on to third parties other than our data processors acting on our behalf. The installation of these cookies is subject to your consent. You can deactivate them at any time. If you consent to the use of these cookies and you are a Proximus customer, your customer data (i.e. address, age interests, order history) can be used to determine the best suited Proximus online ad to display for you, unless you opted-out from the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. For more information please see our privacy policy. Examples of authorised functionalities: "Provide Proximus offers based on your interests","Matching of your customer data with cookie data for advertising on our websites","Provide commercial offers based on your navigation behaviour" Published by third party services Published by third party services Some cookies provided by third party partners are necessary to access certain content. In order to guarantee the highest level of protection, Proximus decided to submit the placement of these cookies to your consent. Therefore, if this level is not selected, some content like video, maps, social media feeds or sounds can be blocked. Examples of authorised functionalities: "Allows you to play specific content like videos, sounds hosted on third party sites","Authorizes third parties to provide tools for sharing content on social networks" Proximus and third parties to display targeted advertisements Proximus and third parties to display targeted advertisements These are used in order to allow Proximus to show you advertisements that are relevant to your interests, in relation both to the company’s own products and services on non-Proximus websites and social media. If you consent to the use of these cookies and you are a Proximus customer, your customer details will be used (e.g. address, age, your interests, order history, etc.) unless you have objected to the use of your details for direct marketing purposes. They are also used to allow both Proximus and third parties to show you advertisements that are relevant to your interests for third-party advertisers on both Proximus and non-Proximus websites. If you consent to the use of these cookies and you are a Proximus customer, your customer details will be used (e.g. address, age, your interests, order history, etc.) provided that you have previously consented to the use of your details for the purposes of personalised advertisements on the Web and/or via Ads & data. You can view a list of the third parties with whom Proximus shares data from cookies here. Examples of functionalities that are permitted: "Providing targeted advertisements on non-Proximus websites and social media based upon the products you have browsed while visiting our website","Allowing third parties to provide you with targeted advertisements on both Proximus and non-Proximus websites","Excluding you from our digital campaigns because you have already purchased the product" Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View Cookies