Privacy & Data Retention Policy This policy sets out how we (Ben Software Ltd) use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website or purchase our software products. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes. What we collect when you purchase our software We collect and retain the following information when you purchase one of our software products from our own online store : NameEmail addressPostal address This allows us to keep a record of our customers, in order to verify your details if you ever need to contact us about the software you purchased (for example to obtain a lost license code). We do not collect or retain any financial information, such as bank account or credit card details. Conversely, when purchasing any of our software products from Apple's App Store, we do not receive any identifying customer information. We never share any customer information with any third parties. Data retention duration Any personal data we retain about customers who have purchased our software will be completely removed from our records after 7 years (to comply with EU laws). Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information that we collect. How we use cookies We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used and how users navigate through our website. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Cookies help us improve our website by allowing us to monitor which pages viewers find useful and which they do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you. You can choose to prevent this web site from storing cookies by turning this feature off in your web browser. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Access to media on your computer All video and audio footage that is captured by our various software products is saved locally on your Mac (unless you configure otherwise). Unless you allow it, we have no access whatsoever to these media files, nor to any live media streams generated by any of our software products. Contacting you We will only send you emails if you have signed up for the SecuritySpy mailing list . This is an opt-in list; you are not automatically added to it when you use this web site or purchase our products. Our contact information If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us. You have a right to ask us to remove any of your personal details from our records, and we will be happy to comply with this request if you ask us to. You can email us at support@bensoftware.com . Refund Policy Privacy & Data Retention Policy© 2023 Ben Software Ltd