None You are now shopping at Crabtree . If you’d like another option, view stores and select a different location. Crabtree Crabtree 4325 Glenwood Ave Ste 3006 Raleigh, NC 27612 Store Details Open until 8 pm Cart Back to School More AccountRecently ViewedOrder StatusSaved Items Blue Assist Best Buy Help Hi, how can I help you? Ask our chatbot Send message Interest-Based Ads We use your browsing history and personal information to display interest-based advertising that is relevant to you. We place interest-based advertisements on our website as well as other third-party sites. The browsing history we use is collected by us and by third parties on our website, as well as other sites. We may also share your anonymous browsing history from our website and personal information with third parties to provide relevant ads. They may combine this information with assumptions based on the other websites you have visited in order to tailor ads to you. If you would like to know more about how we use and share your information, please see our Privacy Policy . You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info/choices . California Residents You have additional options to stop the “sale” or certain sharing of personal information, including for advertising purposes. For more information, go to CA Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information. Virginia Residents You can choose to opt out of receiving advertisements placed by Best Buy on others’ digital properties when we’ve used information from data brokers to predict your preferences or interests (“Targeted Advertising”). For more information, go to Targeted Advertising Opt Out. Find answers to commonly asked questions about orders, product information, returns and more. advertisement Visit our Support Center Check your Order Status Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup Returns & Exchanges Price Match Guarantee Order & Purchases Payment Options Support & Services Rewards & Membership Partnerships About Best Buy Get the latest deals and more. Email Address Best Buy app How was your experience? In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. © 2023 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.Best Buy Privacy Hub A privacy resource for our customers. Protecting privacy on your devices. Learn how to protect your privacy. Best Buy cares about your privacy, and we want to ensure you have the information you need to protect your personal information. Read about how to spot and avoid online scams and access links for additional fraud-prevention resources. Privacy Policy — Here are the highlights. As a general rule, privacy policies are written by lawyers for lawyers. We hope you find these highlights to instead be a clear and transparent summary of our Privacy Policy, but please keep in mind that the full legalese of our Privacy Policy is below. California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia residents can also find additional information consistent with applicable state law on our State Privacy Rights page . With those disclaimers out of the way, here’s our most important highlight: Best Buy’s purpose is to enrich lives through technology. We will only collect, use or share your personally identifiable information for that purpose. And we don’t sell (as “sell” is traditionally defined) your personally identifiable information to anyone else. Personally identifiable information. Collection. We may collect information relevant to you in three ways. First, we may collect information directly from you. This could be as part of your interactions with Best Buy personnel, such as at our retail stores or during in-home visits, or when you provide information via our digital properties such as websites or mobile apps. Second, we will collect such information by observing behavior — either in the “real world” or through our digital properties like websites and mobile apps. Examples include security cameras at a retail store, our websites tracking visitor activities on our sites, or our digital properties collecting the characteristics of the visiting devices. Finally, we may obtain such information from independent third parties, independent of you. Use. We will use your information to meet your expectations and give you a great experience with Best Buy. For example, that could be to fulfill a purchase, provide a service, make our digital properties run better, or maintain our My Best Buy® program. You’ve probably seen in the news that the world (especially the internet) has too many fraudsters, hackers and criminals. We use information we collect to protect our customers, Best Buy, and others from such bad actors. And remember when we said above that our purpose is to enrich lives through technology? In order to do that, we'll want to tell you about technology and other products and services that we think you’ll find useful. That means we’ll use information to try figure out what will be useful (or just fun and interesting) to you and others, or develop new or different products and services. And if we think we’ve found something you might like, we’ll use information to send or place marketing messages to you, on our own behalf or on behalf of others, and monitor your response to that message. Sharing. Have any questions about our privacy practices? Just ask! Whew! Even the “highlights” get a bit long. And the full Privacy Policy follows (California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia residents, there’s also specific language and definitions consistent with applicable law), but we thought you’d appreciate our summary above. If you still have questions, here are a few ways you can contact us: Phone 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) Email Address Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn: Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, MN 55423-3645 Best Buy Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Best Buy and Pacific Sales retail stores, other locations and events under the Best Buy name, and digital properties owned or operated by Best Buy Co, Inc. and any of our subsidiaries, unless that digital property or subsidiary has its own privacy policy (which would instead apply).Our State Privacy Rights page includes definitions and content consistent with state-specific laws. Some products and services that Best Buy offers may have supplemental details about information collection, use, and sharing relating to those products and services. For example: What we collect: Information you give us. We collect and store information you provide through our digital properties and in our stores.The information we collect from you includes things such as: NamePostal addressEmail addressPhone numberPayment card number and other payment informationYour My Best Buy® member ID In certain situations, we may also collect things like: Driver's license number (for example, if you return a product or apply for credit)Social Security Number (for example, if you apply for credit)Location information (such as when you ask us to tell you about nearby stores or use our digital properties)Demographic and lifestyle information (if you sign up for a registry or birthday list)Medical and health insurance information (for example, if you use offerings that collect medical information, such as Assured Living) Fingerprints (as required by law for fraud detection in connection with Best Buy’s product trade-in program)Facial or wrist geometry (if you choose to use Best Buy’s virtual try-on tool, with your permission your camera will scan your facial or wrist geometry. The experience is exclusively done in real time, and we do not retain data after you use this feature.)Survey responses Information you give us about others. Information from other sources. Information collected automatically online. We collect information about your interactions with us including, for example: The type of device or browser you’re usingYour IP addressYour browsing behavior while on our websiteThe URLs of the websites you visited before visiting our site (these are called “referring URLs”)IMEI/UDID (a numeric identifier for your mobile device)MAC address (another kind of numeric identifier for your mobile device)IDFA (Apple’s ID for advertising, a randomly generated number) Best Buy and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. We may permit third-party service providers to collect and process some information from our digital properties. We may share personal information with those providers and may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. We provide more information about interest-based ads below. Our digital properties are not designed to respond to “do not track” requests from browsers. Location information. Some of our digital properties may collect your location to, for example, help you search for one of our stores, use special mobile features within some of our stores, or provide you with helpful messaging in our mobile app. We also may use this information to determine whether to provide you with content, information, and notices that may be required by law based on your location. Mobile devices often provide users with the ability to adjust settings related to location. If you do not want us to collect specific location information, you may modify the location services on your mobile device’s settings. Best Buy has no control over your device’s settings. And adjusting these settings does not completely eliminate the ability of others to develop location information about your device. Store cameras. Reviews and other content you provide. How we use the information we collect: Customizing your digital experienceFulfilling orders and requests for products, services, or informationProcessing refunds, returns, and exchangesTracking and confirming online ordersDelivering and installing productsMaintaining or administering Best Buy memberships or protection programsMarketing and advertising products and servicesConducting research and analysisManaging our My Best Buy Credit Card program, including taking applications and actions to enhance card usage and service Preventing and identifying fraud and other illegal activityEngaging in internal uses such as data analytics with the purpose of enhancing existing and creating new products and servicesComplying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, contractual obligations (including our contractual obligations with you, such as through our My Best Buy program, if applicable, or digital properties’ terms of use), relevant industry standards, and our policies How we share your information. Best Buy does not exchange your personal information for monetary consideration. We share your information only in the ways we describe below.We may combine or share information among current or future Best Buy companies, including affiliates and subsidiaries. We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as: Fulfilling orders and delivering packagesScheduling and performing product installationsProviding customer care and technical support, including servicing productsMaintaining our My Best Buy programSending Best Buy marketing communications and providing advertising servicesPersonalizing the customer experience on our digital propertiesFulfilling subscription servicesConducting research and analysisProcessing credit card payments Detecting fraud and other illegal activity We also may share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings (including sharing personal information with business partners to validate offers). Additionally, we may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business, such as private label credit cards or the lease-to-own program. For example, when you apply for a Best Buy Credit Card, and while you have a Best Buy Credit Card, we share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card. Sometimes we may be required to share personal information for legal reasons, for example, if we are required to do so by a regulation, court order, subpoena or other legal process. We may also share information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or to respond to a government request, or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect Best Buy, our customers, or others. We may share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution, liquidation, or similar event. How we protect your information. We use a variety of security measures designed, under a risk-based approach, to ensure the confidentiality of your information. However, as set forth in the applicable terms of use for each digital property, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of information transmitted to us. You also can do your part to help protect the information you provide to us. Create a strong password. Use that password only on our digital properties. And do not share your password with anyone — especially anyone claiming to work with us. We would never contact you and ask for your password — ever. Your choices. You may at any time: Stop receiving marketing or promotional emails, direct mail, phone, and mobile marketing communicationsUpdate and correct your personal informationDeactivate your accountRequest removal of information you post on our digital properties; in some cases, we may not be able to remove your content or personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods: Follow the directions in a marketing email, direct mail, or mobile communication that you receive from usProvide your request and current contact information through one of the contact methods listed under “contact us” below Please note: Even if we are able to anonymize or make your content or information no longer visible, this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content or personal information from the internet. Protecting children's privacy. Links to other websites. Social media features. Privacy Policy updates. How to contact us: Phone 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) Email Address Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn: Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, MN 55423-3645 California residents: State Privacy Rights page Colorado residents: State Privacy Rights page Connecticut residents: State Privacy Rights page Nevada residents: EnterprisePrivacy@BestBuy.com Virginia residents: State Privacy Rights page Last Updated: July 1, 2023 advertisement Visit our Support Center Check your Order Status Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup Returns & Exchanges Price Match Guarantee Order & Purchases Payment Options Support & Services Rewards & Membership Partnerships About Best Buy Get the latest deals and more. Email Address Best Buy app How was your experience? In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. © 2023 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.State Privacy Rights Skip to: CCPA 2022 Metrics See Disclaimer (as of 12/31/2022) Access Requests (“requests to know”) Received 781 Denied – no match 179 Denied – not verified 331 Fulfillment in progress 38 Fulfilled 271 Fulfilled requests – report available median 41 days All requests – substantive response median 1 day Deletion Requests Received 31596 Denied – no match 2472 Denied – not verified 13939 Fulfillment in progress 1411 Fulfilled 15135 Fulfilled requests – deletion completed median 20 days All requests – substantive response median 1 day Opt-Out Requests Received 113,604 Fulfilled 113,604 Response time Nearly instantaneous *Metrics reflect requests from all individuals, not just Californians. Metrics can include requests in progress as of December 31, 2021.State-Specific Privacy Information 1. Collection and Use a. Collection During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have collected the following categories of personal information, including sensitive personal information, about you: Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias), email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, and signature Identifiers (Online): a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers, and Internet Protocol address Other Financial, Medical, and Health Information: bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, insurance policy number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information Information Related to Characteristics Protected Under California or Federal Law: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, genetic information, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status Commercial Information: including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies Biometrics: biometric information such as a fingerprint provided along with a product return if required by local law Internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information: including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements Geolocation Data Sensory Information: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, and similar information Professional or Employment-Related Information Education Information Profile Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and/or aptitude b. Sources of collection We collected personal information about you from the following sources: YouBest BuyDevice(s) You UsedService Providers c. Purposes for collection/use We collected and used personal information about you for the following purposes: Performing services you have purchased from or contracted for with us, including maintaining or servicing accounts (e.g., your My Best Buy® account), as well as providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar servicesAuditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance Detecting and responding to security incidents, protecting against and responding to malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activityShort-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of your interactions with our digital propertiesDebugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionalityUndertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by usDisplaying advertisements intended for you based on personal information, related to your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications, used to predict your preferences or interests (targeted advertising) Customizing your experience on our digital propertiesProcessing liability claimsComplying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies 2. Disclosures a. We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: IdentifiersIdentifiers (Online)Other Financial, Medical and Health InformationInformation Related to Characteristics Protected Under California or Federal LawCommercial InformationBiometricsInternet and Other Electronic Network Activity InformationGeolocation DataSensory InformationProfessional or Employment-Related InformationEducation InformationProfile Inferences b. We may share personal information about you for cross-context behavioral advertising — seeking to place ads to you on others’ digital properties based, at least in part, on personal information obtained from your activity on others’ digital properties. c. We may have sold (as defined under California, Colorado and Connecticut laws) the following categories of personal information: Identifiers (online) associated with a device used to interact with our digital properties or advertisements (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology)Internet and other electronic network activity information associated with a device used to interact with Digital Properties or advertisementsProfile inferences (solely as sale is defined under California rules) d. We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.e. We do not sell personal information as the term is traditionally understood or as defined under Virginia law. For example, we do not exchange for money personal information to data brokers or third parties for their marketing purposes independent of us. f. Sensitive Personal Information: We do not share sensitive personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not sell sensitive personal information. g. We may have disclosed personal information about you with the following categories of third parties: Our affiliatesOur joint marketing partnersOur business partnersSocial media networksThird-party marketing partnersGovernment entities, including law enforcement Information we disclose to third parties: See Disclosure Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No No No Yes Yes No No No No No Yes No No No No No Yes Yes Yes Yes No No Yes No No No No No Yes Yes No No No Yes Yes No No No No No Yes No No No No No Yes No No No No No Yes No No No No No Yes Yes No No No No Yes 3. Retention — California Residents Up to 10 years after last activity, subject to contractual obligations 10 years after expiration of contractual obligations 10 Years after termination of employment Up to 3 Years Up to 10 years after last activity, subject to contractual obligations Up to 3 years Up to 3 years Up to 3 years Up to 10 years after last activity, subject to contractual obligations 10 Years after termination of employment Up to 3 years Up to 40 Days 4. Consumer Privacy Rights You have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of personal information about you, as described below. Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information related to you we have collected during the past 12 months. This may include: o The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you o The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information o The business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information o The categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information o The categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose Correction: You have the right to request that we correct certain personal information we have collected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information. If you make a correction request, we may correct or instead delete information as allowed by law. Exceptions apply. Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you. Exceptions apply. Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. 5. How to Submit a Request Submit an access request , or call us at 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289).The report you receive containing personal information we have on file will provide instructions on how to pursue correction of applicable information. Submit a deletion request , or call us at 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289). More information on opting out of the sale of your personal information, including through enabling Global Privacy Controls, is available on our Do Not Sell/Share page. California Residents Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. You have the right to request that we limit our use or disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by California law) about you to certain uses authorized by the CCPA. We do not disclose Sensitive Personal Information beyond such authorizations. See our Limit the use of My Sensitive Personal Information page for more information. Do Not Share My Personal Information. You have the right to opt out of our sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. See our Do Not Sell/Share page for more information on how to exercise this right. Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (a) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) the identity of those third parties. To submit a Shine the Light Request, email us at CaliforniaPrivacyRights@bestbuy.com . Colorado Residents Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of “Targeted Advertising.” See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right. Appeal a Refusal to Take Action : Colorado law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests.You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to submit a complaint. Other Options not Relevant : We do not use your data for the purpose of profiling to make decisions that would have legal or similarly significant effects on you. We do not knowingly process “sensitive data” concerning Colorado residents, as defined under Colorado law, unless required as a matter of law. Connecticut Residents Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of “Targeted Advertising.” See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right. Appeal a Refusal to Take Action : Connecticut law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint. Virginia Residents Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: You have the right to opt out of “Targeted Advertising.” See our Targeted Advertising Opt Out page for more information on how to exercise this right. Appeal a Refusal to Take Action: Virginia law requires that we establish a process for a consumer to appeal our refusal to take action on certain requests. You may access that process on our Appeals information page. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of that process, you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint. Other Options not Relevant. We do not sell personal information as “sale” is defined under Virginia law. We do not knowingly process “sensitive data” concerning Virginia residents, as defined under Virginia law, unless required as a matter of law. Verifying Requests. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you have an account with us, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you request access to or deletion of your personal information and do not sign in to an account with us, we require you to provide the following information: name, email address, phone number, and postal address. In addition, if you do not have an account and you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we reserve the option to require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. If you designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf for which verification is required, we may (1) require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (2) require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above). 6. Notice About the My Best Buy Program The My Best Buy® Program (the “Program”) is Best Buy’s loyalty program that offers Program members (“Members”) certain benefits. To participate in the Program, you must provide your full name, email address, postal address, and phone number. The following categories of personal information are implicated based on your participation in the Program: Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesInternet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information: including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications, or advertisementsIdentifiers (Online): a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers, and Internet Protocol address Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g., preferences or characteristics) We use personal information to identify you as a member of the program and provide you with relevant messaging, benefits, and incentives. These benefits and incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide. Subject to certain restrictions, Members who use their My Best Buy Credit Card or My Best Buy Visa® Card on eligible transactions may receive points on qualifying purchases. My Best Buy Credit Cardmembers may redeem points toward the issuance of reward certificates after receiving a specified number of points, or they may also use points with certain Best Buy Partners. Members who do not have a My Best Buy Credit Card may be eligible to receive promotional certificates. Members may receive additional benefits identified by Best Buy, as updated from time to time, with a current summary available by visiting My Best Buy Terms .Member purchases of certain products and services may be eligible for discounts or reduced member pricing at Best Buy retail stores, on BestBuy.com, and the Best Buy mobile app (“Member Pricing”). Member Pricing will be limited-time offers and subject to offer limitations communicated by us. Specific details on earning points, rewards, and Member Pricing can be found at My Best Buy Terms . You may enroll in the Program on our website, through our mobile app, or at a Best Buy retail location. You may cancel your Member Account at any time by calling 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289). See the My Best Buy Terms for additional information regarding membership cancellation. 7. Additional Information If you choose to exercise any of your rights, you have the right not to receive, and will not receive, discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Employees and contractors are provided notice via different statements. This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request. Please contact PrivacyManager@BestBuy.com or 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) to request this Statement in an alternative format. Last Updated : 7/1/23 Find answers to commonly asked questions about orders, product information, returns and more. advertisement Visit our Support Center Check your Order Status Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup Returns & Exchanges Price Match Guarantee Order & Purchases Payment Options Support & Services Rewards & Membership Partnerships About Best Buy Get the latest deals and more. Email Address Best Buy app How was your experience? In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. © 2023 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.