PRIVACY POLICY Last updated: May 5, 2023 Table Of Contents Applicability Of This Policy When and How We Collect Information You create an account with usYou make a purchase or otherwise use our ServicesYou contact us for customer service or other purposes, including via live chatYou submit an entry in a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us, respond to one of our surveys, or participate in another feature of our websiteYou provide us with user content, ideas, information, user reviews, comments, feedback, or other submissionsYou visit and interact with our app or website You create an account with usYou view our newsletters or other email communications You interact with BAM social mediaYou click through a marketing promotion What Information We Collect Contact And Demographic Information : such as your date of birth, gender, email address, full name, home address, nationality, phone number, photographs, and Social Security Number. Identification Information : such as your driver’s license, federal/state ID card, Tax ID number, or other government-issued ID. Enhanced Due Diligence Information : including proof of address documents (e.g., bank, brokerage, and/or credit card statements, utility bills, mortgage statements, and/or property tax statements); employment or professional information (e.g., employer, job title/position, office location); and source of wealth (e.g., W2s, pay stubs). Institutional Information : such as Employer Identification Number (EIN), proof of legal formation (e.g., articles of incorporation/by-laws), and/or personal identification information for beneficial owners. Financial Information : such as your bank account number, payment card information, transaction history, trading data, tax identification, and/or source of wealth. Correspondence : such as your feedback, quiz, questionnaire, and other survey responses, and information you provide to our support teams, including via our live chatbot. Stored Content : such as photos from your mobile phone gallery or contacts stored in your mobile device or email accounts. We only collect this information when you grant us permission in your device settings. You may withdraw this permission at any time. Audio, electronic, or visual information : such as photographs and video recordings. Biometric Data : such as facial recognition and facial geometry data derived from photographs or videos you submit to us during the onboarding process. We only use Biometric Data to verify your identity for security purposes. Transaction Information : including information about the transactions you make using our Services, such as the names of the recipient, transaction amount, and timestamp. Website metadata and analytics : including Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and location data, device information, date/time of visits, new or returning visits, products viewed, page response times, URL clickstreams, how long you stay on our pages, what you do on those pages. Cookies and other tracking technologies : We, and third parties we authorize, may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our Sites and mobile apps, and collect information about the use of the Services, as well as about our interactions with you. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages and operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data, and information about your interactions with the communications we send to you. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. Learn more about our cookie use below. Blockchain Data : We may analyze public blockchain data, including wallet addresses, transaction IDs, timestamps of transactions or events, transaction amounts, and digital signatures. Additional Information from third-party sources : such as information about you from other sources as required or permitted by applicable law, including third parties such as credit bureaus, identity verification services, and public databases. We may combine the information collected from these sources with the information we get from this Site in order to verify your identity, comply with our legal obligations, and ensure our Services are not used fraudulently or for other illicit activities. How We Use Information Providing Our Services And Features. We may use the information we collect to provide, personalize, maintain, and improve our products and Services, including as described in the Terms of Use . This includes using information to:operate, maintain, customize, measure, and improve our Services, and manage our business;create and update users’ accounts;process transactions;send information including confirmations, notices, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; and to create de-identified or aggregated data. Safety And Security.We may use your information to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Services, including to:protect, investigate, respond to, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;monitor and verify identity or service access;protect against spam, malware, or security risks;perform internal operations necessary to provide our Services, including to troubleshoot software bugs and operational issues; enforce our agreements with third parties, and address violations of our Terms of Use or agreements for other Services; andcomply with applicable laws and regulations. Customer Support. We may use information we collect to provide customer support, including to:direct questions to the appropriate customer support person;communicate with you, including via social media channels;investigate and address user concerns; and monitor and improve our customer support responses and processes. Research And Development. We may use the information we collect for testing, research, analysis, and product development to improve your experience, enhance the safety and security of our Services, improve our ability to prevent the use of our Services for illegal or improper purposes, develop new features and products, and facilitate payment solutions in connection with our Services. Legal And Regulatory Compliance. Many of our Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and store your personal information in certain ways. For example, we must identify and verify customers using our Services in order to comply with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws. This includes collection and storage of your photo identification. We also use third parties to verify your identity by comparing the personal information you provide against third-party databases and public records. When you attempt to link a bank account to your account, we may require you to provide additional information which we may use in collaboration with service providers acting on our behalf to verify your identity or address, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. If you do not provide information required by law, we will have to close your account. We may use the information we collect to investigate or address claims or disputes relating to use of our Services, or as otherwise allowed by applicable law, or as requested by regulators, government entities, and official inquiries. Direct Marketing. We may use the information we collect to market our Services to you. This may include sending you communications via emails or mobile app notifications about our Services, features, promotions, surveys, news, updates, and events; managing your participation in these promotions and events; and to deliver targeted marketing. Our marketing will be conducted according to your advertising and marketing preferences and as permitted by applicable law. How and Why We Share Information With Your Consent. You may let us share personal information with others for any other purposes disclosed to you with your consent. With our Affiliates. Where appropriate, we may share your information with BAM Management US Holdings Inc, BAM Technology Services Inc., BAM Derivatives Inc., B.US Securities Inc., BAM Management Canada Holdings Inc., and BAM Services LLC in the course of conducting business and offering our Services to you. Please be advised that BAM Trading and its affiliated companies are separate and distinct legal entities from Binance Holdings Limited (“BHL” or “Binance”). BAM Trading does not have any records for, and cannot respond to record requests, addressed to Binance. For more information, please refer to our Law Enforcement Guide. To Comply With Our Legal Obligations. We may share your information with courts, law enforcement authorities, regulators, attorneys or other parties: (A) to comply with laws and legal obligations; (B) for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal or equitable claim; (C) to respond to law enforcement and regulatory requests, including (1) when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, search or seizure warrant, or similar legal procedure, or (2) for international law enforcement requests, pursuant to a mutual legal assistance treaty (MLAT) or letter rogatory; (D) to comply with one or more forms of “travel rules” that require our transmitting of your information to another financial institution; (E) when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers, us, or others, including to prevent imminent physical harm or material financial loss; (F) to investigate violations of our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; or (F) to report suspected illegal activity or to assist law enforcement in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity. With Third-Party Identity Verification Services.We may share your information with third-party identity verification service providers for the purposes of identity verification, fraud prevention, and denial of service to persons presenting an unacceptable level of money-laundering or terrorism-financing risks. These service providers confirm your identity by comparing the information you provide us to public records and other third-party databases. These providers may create derivative data based on your personal information that they can use in connection with provision of identity verification and fraud prevention services. We do not control these providers’ privacy policies. For example, we use Plaid, Inc. (“Plaid”) for identity verification services to identify and authenticate you when you create or reactivate an account with us. Specifically, Plaid will verify that the selfie you provide matches the photo on your government-issued ID. The information collected during this process may constitute Biometric Data, including facial recognition data and mathematical representations of your facial geometry. We do not sell or share your Biometric Data. To learn more about Plaid’s privacy practices, please visit the Plaid End User Privacy Policy . By submitting your information, you agree to Plaid’s Privacy Policy. With Service Providers. We may share your information on a confidential basis with service providers who help facilitate business operations such as payment processing, marketing, security, or information technology services. Our contracts require these service providers to only use your information according to our instructions. For Advertising Purposes. Some U.S. state laws classify service providers engaged in select advertising services as ‘third party businesses’ or ‘independent controllers.’ As noted below in our ‘Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide,’ you have the right to restrict these types of advertising services providers’ use of your personal information. For clarity, Binance.US does not ‘sell’ or ‘share’ personal information with these advertising services for monetary benefit, and they are contractually restricted from using personal information collected by Binance.US for their own independent marketing purposes. With Financial Institutions. We may share your information with financial institutions to process payments you have authorized.For example, we use Plaid to connect your Binance.US account with your bank account, verify your bank account, and confirm your bank account balance prior to approving a transaction. Information shared with Plaid is treated by Plaid in accordance with the Plaid End User Privacy Policy . By linking your bank account through Plaid, you consent to Plaid’s Privacy Policy. With Our Professional Advisors. We may share your information with our professional advisors such as accountants, auditors, lawyers, insurers, bankers, and blockchain forensic services in order to complete third-party audits or to comply with our legal obligations. With Other Binance.US Users (Pay and Crypto Box). We may share your information with other users when you redeem a Crypto Box or use our Pay feature to send, request, or receive cryptocurrency. For example, when you redeem a Crypto Box, your first name, last initial, and amount received will be visible to other recipients of that particular Crypto Box. If you do not wish your Binance.US account to be searchable by other users, you may go to Account Settings → Security and toggle off the “Discoverable” option. During A Change To Our Business. If we engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of our assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all of your information may be shared or transferred. Aggregated Or De-identified Data. We may create de-identified or anonymous data from personal information by removing data components (such as your name or email address) that makes the data personally identifiable to you, or through obfuscation. We may share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses. International Transfers Security Retention Your Privacy Rights Right to Know. You have the right to request what Personal Data we collect, use, disclose, or share about you, as applicable. Right to Access/Portability. You can request access to and/or a copy of the personal information that we maintain about you. Right to Delete. You can ask us to delete the personal information that we have collected or maintain about you, subject to exceptions. Please note that we are required to retain certain personal information to comply with our legal obligations, including compliance with recordkeeping requirements contained in anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, or other financial laws and regulations. Right to Correct.You can ask us to correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.To request updates or corrections to your personal information, please contact Customer Support at https://support.binance.us/hc/en-us/requests/new . You can also update certain account profile information by logging into your account. Right to Opt Out. You can opt out of certain uses of your personal information: Marketing and Promotional Communications. If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional messages, notifications, or updates, you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions that appear in these email communications, or you may contact us at privacy@binance.us to opt out of direct marketing. Please be advised that you may not be able to opt out of receiving certain service or transactional messages from us, including legal notices. Targeted Advertising. You may opt out of targeted advertising (see Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide below). California and Virginia Privacy Rights. California and Virginia residents have certain legal rights with respect to our collection, use, and sharing of personal information. Please review our Notice to California Consumers and Notice to Virginia Consumers for more information about those rights. Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide Blocking Cookies In Your Browser. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org . Blocking Advertising ID Use In Your Mobile Settings. Your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes (see Mobile Privacy below). Using Privacy Plug-ins Or Browsers. You can block our websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like Brave, or installing browser plugins like Privacy Badger, Ghostery, or uBlock Origin, and configuring them to block third-party cookies/trackers. Advertising Industry Opt-Out Tools. You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising online or in apps by visiting http://optout.aboutads.info . With Each of Our Service Providers or Advertising Partners Individually. The following website service providers or advertising partners offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for analytics or targeted advertising: Microsoft Analytics Mobile Privacy Open the App Store . Go to the Binance.US app page. Scroll to the App Privacy section. Click See Details .Open Google Play .Browse or use the search bar to find the Binance.US app. Click on the app. Under Data safety, you’ll find a summary of the app’s data safety practices. For more detail, tap See details .When you download and open a new app, you'll get a notification that asks if you want to let the app track your activity across other companies' apps and websites. You'll also see information about what the app would track. You can tap Ask App not to Track to block that activity or Allow . For apps that you've already downloaded and may have tracking permissions set up for, you can opt out of tracking if you go to Settings , tap an app, and then tap to turn off Allow Tracking . Alternatively, you may go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking . There you will see a list of apps that have requested permission to track your activity. You can tap to turn tracking on or off for each app.Go to the Settings app and navigate to Privacy > Ads. Tap Delete advertising ID, then tap it again on the next page to confirm. This will prevent any app on your phone from accessing it in the future. Notice To California Consumers Information. For details about the personal information we have collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see the What We Collect section above. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the How We Use Information section above. We share this information with the categories of third parties described in the How We Disclose Information section above. Opt out of the “sale” or “share” of your personal information. BAM does not “sell” or “share” your personal information for monetary benefit, and advertising partners are contractually restricted from using personal information collected by Binance.US for their own independent marketing purposes. You may opt out of such advertising cookies that may be classified as a “sale” or “share” under CA law as detailed in the Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide (above). Limit the Use and Disclosure of Your Sensitive Personal Information.BAM only collects that sensitive personal information which is necessary for us to provide our Services. As such, limiting our use of your sensitive personal information would result in us not being able to provide our Services. Notice to Virginia Consumers Opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. BAM does not “sell” personal data as defined by the VCDPA. Opt out of targeted advertising. Some of the third-party cookies placed on our website may be used for targeted advertising on other websites. You may opt-out of such cookies as detailed in the Online Tracking Opt-Out Guide (above) or by emailing privacy@binance.us . Opt out of profiling. BAM does not profile you as defined by the VCDPA. Opt in to the use of Sensitive Data. BAM only collects that sensitive personal information which is necessary for us to provide our Services. As such, limiting our use of your sensitive personal information would result in us not being able to provide our Services. GLBA Disclosure Children’s Privacy Links to Third-Party Sites Changes To This Policy Contact Us CompanyProductsSupportLearn Download the Binance.US App © 2023 BAM Trading Services Inc. d.b.a. Binance.US - All rights reserved. NMLS ID: 1906829