Privacy Information for CA Residents If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”)). Categories of personal information we collect Throughout our Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about our users. Under the CCPA, we are also required to provide you with the “categories” of personal information we collect. The categories we may collect are: identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information collected by our payment processors on our behalf); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or usage information); geolocation information (e.g., your approximate location based on IP address, or precise location with your consent);inference data about you (e.g., the additional services we think would be of most interest to you based on your interactions with us); demographic information (such as gender and age); insurance (including health insurance) information; andother information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. How we source, use, and share these categories of personal information We source, use, and share the categories of personal information we collect from and about you consistent with the various business purposes we discuss throughout our Privacy Policy. See the “Information We Collect,” “Use and Processing of Information and EU Legal Bases,” and “Disclosure of Your Information” section(s) for more information. We may sell or share your personal information as indicated in our Privacy Policy. We also may allow online advertising services providers to collect your web browsing activity and related technical information (like device identifiers) through cookies, pixels, and similar technology on bird.co in exchange for non-monetary consideration. See our Cookie Notice or USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER ONLINE TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES and ONLINE ADVERTISING sections of the Privacy Policy for more information about our use of cookies including how to opt-out. Please note that to the extent you are accessing our webpages across multiple devices or platforms, or if you clear your browser settings, you may have to opt out again. In the preceding 12 months we may have sold the following categories of personal data in connection with such third-party cookies: Identifiers. This includes website visitors’ internet protocol (“IP”) addresses.Internet or network activity. This includes information about visitors’ interaction with our webpages, including information about the device’s web browser, page location, referrer, and person using the website; cookie-specific data such as cookie ID; and button and field data, such as any buttons clicked by site visitors, the labels of those buttons, and any pages visited as a result of the button clicks. Your California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to: Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information. Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.Delete certain personal information we have about you.Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you. We also will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. In doing so, we may ask you for verification information so that we can match at least two verification points with information we maintain in our files about you. If we are unable to verify you through this method, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to request additional information from you. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at https://www.bird.co/california-access-deletion-web-form/ and privacy@bird.co.California Shine the Light Disclosure. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Bird who are California residents to request certain information, once per year, regarding our disclosure of their personal information (as defined by California law) to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, or in the alternative, that we provide a cost-free means for consumers to opt out of any such sharing. To opt out of future sharing for these purposes, please send an e-mail to privacy@bird.co . You are on the site footer Navigate to home page Navigate to Bird Twitter Profile Navigate to Bird Instagram Profile Rider Vehicles Partner Company Copyright © 2023 Bird Rides, Inc Choose a language Copyright © 2023 Bird Rides, Inc. Rethink urban mobility Stay informed with bi-weekly industry updates and insights. EmailBird Privacy Policy Trust us with your ride, Trust us with your information. Explore our privacy practices and discover how we use your information to change the world and help you enjoy the ride. Effective Date: 1 January 2023 Your privacy is important to us. We created this policy to let you know about the information we collect and process about awesome people like you that use our sustainable micro-mobility services, visit our websites, use our mobile apps, buy our products, or otherwise interact with us. It applies to you regardless of where you live, but if you live in certain countries or regions where additional or other terms may apply, see the Global Privacy – Supplemental Terms section of this policy. When you read this policy (and we hope that you will), you will learn about the kinds of information we collect about you, how we use that information, when we might disclose your information to others, and your rights and choices regarding this information. Before we get onto the good stuff, just keep in mind that when you read this policy that by “Bird,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” we mean Bird Rides, Inc. and our related companies that we own or control including but not limited to Scoot Rides, Inc. and the Circ companies. Also note that Bird may create de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized data from your information so that it is reasonably non-identifiable to you. Where we transform data in this way, it is not within the scope of this policy. This policy does not apply to independent third parties that may collect or control your information separately from Bird like our business partners and retail sellers of our vehicles. Please be aware that companies not part of the Bird family of companies are separate legal entities from Bird and have their own privacy policies and practices. While we encourage you to review those third-party policies, please understand that Bird is not responsible for those companies’ privacy policies and related legal obligations. Except where noted in the Global Privacy – Supplemental Terms, Bird Rides, Inc, 8605 Santa Monica Blvd., #20388, West Hollywood, CA 90069, USA is the responsible entity (or data controller) for your information. If you have any questions about this policy, please let us know by writing to us at privacy@bird.co What Information Do We Collect? Information You Provide to Us Contact Information. Before you take a ride on a Bird rental vehicle, participate in our surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and promotions, subscribe to our marketing updates, use our customer service, register for, or attend, an event, or when you register a Bird vehicle you purchased directly from us, you will be asked to provide certain basic personal contact information such as first name, last name, email address, and a mailing or postal address, phone number, and account information such as login and password. This information may also be provided to us by another person who organizes a group ride that includes you. Government-Issued Identification. In many places where we offer vehicles for rent, rules require riders to be of a certain minimum age. To hire or employ you, we may be required to confirm your identity and eligibility for employment. We may ask you to provide your birthdate and driver’s license or other government-issued ID (which may indicate document numbers as well as birth date, gender, and photo). Biometric Data. In many places where we offer vehicles for rent, rules require riders to be of a certain minimum age. We may use self-taken photographs or videos to determine if you meet any applicable minimum age requirement and we share it only with third parties as necessary to confirm the foregoing. We may also use biometric information, such as photographs, videos, or body mass to confirm that only one rider is utilizing our service. For more information, please see our Biometric Data Collection and Retention Policy . Demographic Data. We also collect certain demographic data if you provide it to us including age, gender, preferred language, and current location. Note that we may also derive this data from your government-issued ID. See How Do We Use Your Information section below. Payment Information. If you buy a product directly from us or rent a Bird vehicle, we will also ask for your payment information, such as a credit card, debit card, or another payment method, and your billing address. Note that Bird does not store your payment information; we use experienced and trusted third-party payment processors to collect and process your payments for us. We also ask for your Tax Identification Number in jurisdictions that require us to collect this information. Feedback. If you respond to a survey about your experiences with us or offer opinions about our company, the micro-mobility industry, or other topics, we will maintain that information.Likewise, if you comment on blog entries, interact with us on social media, or participate in other Bird-sponsored forums, we collect that information, too. And, of course, we collect data when you call (such as a recording of the conversation) or write to us for help or seek other customer support services. Job Applications. If you apply for a job with us, we will collect information from your application or resume. Information We Automatically Collect Device Information. When you visit our websites or use our mobile applications, we use cookies, pixels, log files, and other similar technologies to collect data about the computer or other device that you use. This systematic information includes device identifiers and other unique identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name, and version, device name, and model and version. We also collect information about how your device navigates our website or mobile applications like the referring and exit pages, dates and times you access, the length of time that you are logged into or browsed our sites, the links you click or features you use, software crash reports and a unique session identification number. Please see our Cookie Notice for more information. Location and Vehicle Usage. When you rent a Bird vehicle using our app or visit our website, or connect your privately owned Bird vehicle to our app, we automatically collect and store location information from your device and from the vehicle you use: Devices: We collect the location information (e.g., city, state, or postal code where available) associated with the IP address of the device you use to access the services, as well as, with your permission, your mobile device’s location information using GPS or Bluetooth (you can change your location/Bluetooth settings for your mobile device; however, certain features may not be available through the mobile application if you do so). Vehicles: We collect the latitude and longitude of your vehicle in real-time. This information can be used to determine your device or vehicle’s current location, travel direction, and speed. See Online Advertising in the How Do We Use Your Information section, Other Third Parties in the How Do We Share Your Information section and the Cookie Notice for more information about how we may use this information for advertising. Information We Collect From Other Sources Social Media Sites. When you interact with us or post content about us on social media platforms – like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, LinkedIn, YouTube, or Pinterest – we may collect certain information from your public profile as well as interests, “likes” and similar information you permit social media platforms to disclose in this way. Referrals. We may invite our customers to introduce their friends to our services. If you choose to use our referral service to tell someone about our services, we will provide you with a template message and referral code to send to your friend. We will not collect the friend’s information unless they sign up to use the services with the referral code. Sellers and Dealers. We receive information about you in connection with vehicle sales. For example, when you purchase a vehicle from an authorized Bird vehicle seller or dealer (“Dealer”), the Dealer discloses Contact Information with us, including your name and address, as well as the vehicle identification number and purchase information such as purchase date. How Do We Use Your Information?Products, Services, and Customer Support We use Personal Information to provide, maintain, and improve our services, such as to: Establish and maintain your accountSell and deliver a vehicle to you that you have purchased from usConfirm your identityVerify your eligibility to rent a vehicle from usRent a vehicle to youTroubleshoot and resolve your questions or concernsProvide and operate our websites, mobile apps, and related featuresTrack our vehicles’ location and availabilityMonitor vehicle health and statusesProcess payments you make to us Provide services to youComply with our agreements with you Consumer Marketing Messages and Other Communications Communicate with you about: vehicle rental, purchase, or usequestions, complaints, or issues you may havechanges to our policiesYour opinions about your experiences with usThird-party marketing offers (subject to your consent where required by law)Send to you information, news, updates, and offers about us or our services (subject to your consent where required by law)Conduct data analyses to better predict content and marketing offers that may interest you Personalize content, experiences, and marketing offers to you, including providing you reports, recommendations, and feedback based on your preferencesProvide more relevant ads to you Research and Innovation Improve vehicles, products, and servicesDevelop new vehicles, products, and servicesOptimize or improve our products, services, and operationsHelp us understand how our products and services can better meet the needs of our customers and cities through statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of our products and services, app and website use, rider activity, vehicle routes, and demographic trends, for research, analytical, and statistical purposes Business Operations and Legal Compliance Manage and protect our networks, services, employees, and usersDetect, investigate, take action regarding, and prevent illegal activities, misuse, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or entityComply with the law and fulfill lawful requests for informationPermit you to update, edit, and manage your contentConduct research and perform data analyses to better understand our customers and how our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile apps are used Create pseudonymous, anonymous, and aggregate information about our customers’ use of our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile appsUse as evidence in litigationInvestigate, enforce, and prevent violations of our policies and terms (including this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, and Rental Agreement)Establish, protect and defend our legal rightsConfirm your identityVerify eligibility of job applicants How Do We Disclose Your Information? Affiliates and Subsidiaries We disclose information among the companies within the Bird family of companies. Our “family of companies” includes companies related to us by common control or ownership. We disclose information within our corporate family as a normal part of business operations and to provide products and services. Public Partners and Transportation Authorities Because our services are sometimes offered through cities or other political/executive subdivisions or require government or administrative permission to operate in certain locations, our business partners may include governmental authorities, local (regional, provincial, city-level) administrations, local quasi-government entities like a city transit authority, and local public transport operators and appointed data aggregators (each a “public partner”). We will disclose your information with public partners as may be required to operate in a particular city or location. Public partners may use this information to help improve, inform, or manage city planning activities, public transportation services, traffic congestion, or our vehicles or services (for example, for designating vehicle parking zones, issuing parking fines, or creating restricted areas where our vehicles may not go, like sidewalks) among other public interest purposes the public partner may determine. In some cases, sharing your information with our public partners may be required by law or regulation. For some of these purposes, cities have adopted a standard data set called “Mobility Data Specification” (MDS), MDS standardizes communication and data-sharing between cities and private mobility providers, such as Bird. Bird may provide MDS data to public partners where we provide services. For more information about MDS please visit https://www.openmobilityfoundation.org/about-mds/ Other Third Parties Service Providers.We use a variety of third-party service providers to help us run our business and perform functions on our behalf, such as professional services (like law firms, consultants, accountants, and tax advisors), hosting, billing and payment processing, delivering push notifications, providing customer service, helping us prevent fraud, securing our systems, delivering app features, etc. For example, we disclose your information with companies we’ve hired to provide customer support or assist Bird in protecting and securing our systems where access to your information is necessary to provide those services. And we could not provide our services without third parties that maintain, service, and manage our fleets of vehicles in all of the cities where we operate. In these cases, we require the third-party service provider to use adequate safeguards to protect the confidentiality of the information they receive and to use your information only for the purposes for which they have been granted access. Business Partners. We disclose personal information with other companies that, among others, help us provide services to our customers, or reach potential customers with our marketing messages. Examples include: Platform Operators: If you use our services through a third-party platform that manages its own fleet of Bird vehicles, we will also disclose your information with the platform operator to assist in operating the services. Google ARCore: To help Bird locate vehicles at the end of a ride, an app uses Google Play Services for AR (“ARCore”) provided by Google. The use of ARCore within the app is governed by the Google Privacy Policy. At the end of a ride, you will be asked to use the Bird app and your personal device’s camera to record images of the place where you are leaving the vehicle. The image, your device’s estimated geolocation, and orientation, IP address, and other device information will be collected and processed by ARCore to identify the area where you left the vehicle. Google analyzes this data and returns to Bird information indicating the location of the vehicle. Advertising and Digital Analytics Companies. Please see the Cookie Notice for a description of how we work with ad exchanges, channel partners, measurement services, and advertising and digital analytics providers like Facebook, Google, and other third-party ad companies. Joint Marketing Partners. We disclose information with partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities. Universities and Research Organizations. We collaborate with universities and researchers around the world to better understand important questions about micro-mobility services like how people use them, how they can be improved, and how they impact the climate. To help with this research, we may disclose your information with our research partners with your consent. Law Enforcement Agencies, Courts, Regulatory Agencies, and Others When we believe it is necessary, we will disclose personal information to: Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agenciesIn the event of exigent circumstances, to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury or to protect the personal safety of our personnel, users of our vehicles, websites, mobile apps, or the publicDetect, investigate, or prevent fraud or privacy issuesDetect, investigate, prevent, stop, or remediate security incidents involving our computer systems or networks Protect our rights or property, and those of our subsidiaries and affiliates, or others, including by enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies Blogs and Social Media When you interact with us or post content about us on social media platforms – like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, LinkedIn, YouTube, or Pinterest – any information that you submit through such features is not confidential and may be accessed by others. For example, if you submit a product review on one of our sites, we may display your review (along with the name provided, if any) on other Bird sites and on third-party websites. If you provide a comment on our blog, other blog readers will be able to review your comments, and if you interact with us on our social media pages, your comments will be publicly available. So, please take care when using these features. If you’d like to request the removal of information that we have posted about you, please contact us. Parties to Corporate Transactions We may transfer personal information as part of a corporate transaction like a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or at transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets. If a transfer for these reasons is subject to legal restrictions, we will comply with the law. Cookie Notice What is a “Cookie?” Almost every website uses cookie technology. We are no exception.Bird uses cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags, social media plugins, and other similar technologies (some of which are operated by third parties) on our websites and other digital platforms to collect data (“Cookies”). Cookies are small files that store Internet settings. A Cookie consists of a string of letters and numbers that uniquely identifies your device and collects information about your use of our website, and in some cases, other websites. How does Cookie technology work? The first time you visit a website, your device’s Internet browser will download the Cookies placed on the site and store them in your web browser (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Edge, etc.) The Cookie will collect information about your visit – things like what pages you visited, how the site performed, what ads you clicked, how you were brought to the site, account sign-on, or your preferences and settings – depending on the type of Cookie. The next time you visit the same website with the same device, the Cookie, and the information stored in it, are sent back to the website (a first-party Cookie) or sent to another website if the Cookie is operated by a third party (a third-party Cookie). This exchange of information allows the website to know you’ve been there before and perhaps display more relevant information. We use Cookie data to help us understand things like how many site visitors we had, how fast the pages loaded, or whether we had any performance issues, to record your preferences, personalize content and ads, and track information about the performance of our advertisements, among other purposes. We may combine this information with other information we collect from you. What types of Cookies do you use? Different Cookies serve different purposes. Based on the Cookie’s function and purpose, we divide them into five categories: Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functional, Advertising, and Pixels and Beacon. For more information about specific Cookies, including the identity of any third parties that receive Cookie data and the Cookie expiration dates, and to make choices regarding Cookies that are not strictly necessary, click on “Cookie Preferences” in the cookie banner on the webpage. Strictly Necessary. Cookies that are “strictly necessary” ensure the performance of a website. Without strictly necessary Cookies, you would not be able to use this website as intended. For example, when you open a web page, you are shown a version that corresponds to the bandwidth of the Internet connection you are using, or when traffic is high, we can switch to another server. Because these Cookies are required for the website to operate, you may not opt-out or deactivate strictly necessary cookies. Performance and Analytics. As the name suggests, performance Cookies collect information on how a website is used and how it performs. They tell us how many visitors we have, how they were referred to our site, how they move about on our site, whether visitors encounter error messages, how fast pages load, and measure the performance of our advertising, etc. This information helps us measure and improve the performance of our site. Performance Cookies do not save any information that permits the identification of the user and are only used to understand and improve the functionality of our websites. One of the performance Cookies we use is Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). To learn more about Google’s analytics services and to learn how to opt-out of tracking of analytics by Google visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ . Functional. These types of Cookies enhance a website’s performance and functionality like saving details that have already been provided (e.g. user name, language choices, or your location so you don’t have to enter the information later) or enabling the playback of videos. Because functional Cookies collect anonymized information, they cannot track your movement on other websites.Advertising. These Cookies may be set on our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and device. When your browser connects to a third-party advertising partner’s web server, the advertising partner is able to read (or set) its own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services. This information is used to show you ads across the Internet that are tailored to your interests. If you do not allow these Cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Pixels and Beacons. Pixel tags (a/k/a web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies described above. You will find invisible pixel tags embedded on web pages or within emails.We, or our service providers, may use pixel tags, among other things, to track the activities of users of our websites or mobile apps, help manage content, measure ad performance and compile statistics about usage. We or our service providers also use pixel tags in HTML emails to our customers to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded. How can I control or delete Cookies? You have the right to choose whether to accept Cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse Cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website. Here are some ways to manage Cookies: Web Browsers Change your Cookie settings for at any time using the Cookie consent tool on the website.Control Cookies by using the Cookie settings on your browser. Note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to use or access our site.Some browsers have incorporated features referred to as “Do Not Track” (DNT). DNT tells the websites you visit that you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser DNT signals, however, you can still control Cookies by using the other options available to you as described in this section of the Cookie Notice. If you accept some or all Cookies on the website you still have the option of setting your browser to notify you when you receive a Cookie, so that you may determine whether to accept it or not. Mobile Devices Apple and Android mobile devices each generate an advertising identifier that can be accessed by apps and used by advertisers in much the same way that Cookies are used on websites. Each operating system provides options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising ID. Email pixels/web beacons You can disable pixels or web beacons in email messages through the settings of your email services to prevent the automatic downloading of images. General advertising opt-outs Many companies are members of industry advertising associations, which provide a simple way to opt out of analytics and advertising cookies, which help you make choices: United States: Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising AllianceCanada: Digital Advertising Alliance of CanadaEurope: European Digital Advertising Alliance For more information and to exercise your choices regarding Facebook and Google ads: Facebook (more info: privacy policy; choices: ad preferences page)Google/DoubleClick (more info: privacy policy; choices: ads help page) You can also learn more about online advertising at www.aboutads.info/consumers and opt-out of interest-based advertising from many participating ad companies at the ad industry websites below: United States: www.aboutads.infoCanada: www.youradchoices.caEurope: www.youronlinechoices.eu Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings. For more information about how to change these settings for Apple, Android or Windows devices, see: Please note that opting-out of advertising network services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our services or other services, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. Do-Not-Track. You may disable certain tracking on our websites, as discussed in this section (for example by disabling Cookies), and you may opt-out of certain third-party ad networks as described in this Section. For more information about Do-Not-Track signals, please visit https://allaboutdnt.com/ . Other Important Disclosures United States – Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado (effective 7/1/2023), Connecticut (effective 7/1/2023), Utah (December 31, 2023), and Virginia (effective 1/1/2023) Right to: Available to Residents of: Opt out of target advertising Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia Opt out of sale of personal information Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia Opt out of profiling/automated decision-making Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia Know whether we have personal information about you Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia Know what personal information we have about you Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia Correctinaccuracies in your personal information Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia Delete personal information Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia Obtain, where technically feasible, your personal information in a portable readily useable format Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia Right to appeal Bird’s response to exercise of a right Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia Right not to be discriminated against for exercising one of these rights Virginia To exercise one or more of your rights, visit https://www.bird.co/california-access-deletion-web-form/ .Children’s Personal Information Bird services are neither designed for nor targeted to children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide your personal information through the Bird service platform. If you believe your child has impermissibly provided us with their personal information, please contact us, so that we can identify and delete their information. Security and Retention We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect personal information entrusted to us.We retain the personal information we collect for as long as reasonably necessary to provide services to you and fulfill the other purposes for which we use your personal information such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. For example, unless required for one of the other purposes mentioned, your account registration information, ride history, and payment history will be deleted or anonymized (so that it can no longer be associated with you) when you choose to delete your account. Changes to this Policy We will update this Privacy Policy when required by changes in the law, our products, and services, what personal information we collect, or how we use or disclose personal information. When we post changes to the Policy, we will change the “Effective Date” at the top of the Policy. If we make material changes, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, would like to exercise your rights regarding your information that we hold, or would like to raise a complaint with us related to your information, please reach out to us by email or phone: privacy@bird.co +1-866-205-2442 California Privacy Notice Your Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) grants you certain rights to know about our information practices and to control your information. Our Privacy Policy applies to everyone, but we use this notice to make disclosures required by the CCPA. You have the right to know: • The categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you. See What Information Do We Collect? section of the Privacy Policy • How we use that information in our business operations. See How Do We Use Your Information? section of the Privacy Policy • The categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information. See How Do We Disclose Your Information? section of the Privacy Policy You have the right to control your information by requesting: • Deletion of certain personal information we have about you • Information about the financial incentives that we offer to you in exchange for your information, if any • Request that we do not to sell or share your personal information [See Do Not Sell or Disclose My Personal Information] You have the right to access: • Access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the services to you, to defend our legal rights, or to comply with laws. Your request may be submitted by an authorized agent on your behalf, provided the agent can provide proof that they are authorized to submit the request on your behalf. In such circumstances, we may also need to validate the request with you. When you exercise one of your rights, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. In doing so, we may ask you for additional information so that we can match the identification information you provide to us with information we maintain in our files about you. If we are unable to verify you through this method, we have the right to request additional information from you. You also have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights. Discrimination may include denying you a service, providing a different level or quality of service, or charging different prices (except where the price difference is reasonably related to the value of your personal information). If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, or if you are an authorized agent making a request on a California consumer’s behalf, please contact us at https://www.bird.co/california-access-deletion-web-form/ and privacy@bird.co . Sensitive Information As explained above in our Privacy Policy, we collect your location data based on your vehicle rides and we also collect government identification numbers.Under California law, these are both considered sensitive personal information. We use your location data to provide vehicle rental services to you, and we share it only with third parties as necessary to provide the services or as required by law such as with: • Affiliates and Subsidiaries that are involved in proving the services; • Public Partners and Transportation Authorities which require us to provide your location data as a condition to operate our services; • Fleet Managers and Platform Operators that manage our vehicles or directly provide the services to you; and • Law Enforcement Agencies, Courts, Regulatory Agencies, and Others who order us to provide it or otherwise if our privacy policy permits. We also share your location data with our service providers that help us operate our business. When you instruct us to share your location data with third parties, for example, if you agree to participate in a university-sponsored micro mobility study, we will follow your instructions. Californians have the right to limit the use of their sensitive personal information if their sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use your sensitive personal information for purposes for which the “right to limit” applies. We may use government identification numbers and/or self-taken photographs or videos to determine if you meet any applicable minimum age requirement and we share it only with third parties as necessary to confirm the foregoing. We may also use biometric information, such as photographs, videos, or body mass to confirm that only one rider is utilizing our service. For more information, please see our Biometric Data Collection and Retention Policy . Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information We do not sell your personal data for monetary consideration. However, the use of some third-party cookies placed on our website and/or app may be considered “selling” personal information or “sharing” personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising” under California law. We do share your web browsing activity and related technical information (like device identifiers) through cookies, pixels, and similar technology on bird.co with online advertising services providers to deliver targeting of advertising to you on third party websites, applications, or services. See our Cookie Notice section of this Privacy Policy for more information about our use of Cookies including how to opt-out. Please note that to the extent you are accessing our webpages across multiple devices or platforms, or if you clear your browser settings, you may have to opt out again. On this basis, in the preceding 12 months we have sold or shared: • Device identifiers, which includes internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, for non-monetary consideration as described above. • Internet or network activity, which includes information about visitors’ interaction with our pages, including information about the device’s web browser, page location, referrer, and a person using the website; cookie-specific data such as cookie ID; and button and field data, such as any buttons clicked by site visitors, the labels of those buttons and any pages visited as a result of the button clicks. Global Privacy – Supplemental Terms European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland Scope : These supplemental terms apply to data subjects who reside, or whose data is collected, in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland. These Supplemental Terms add to, or change, the core Privacy Policy described in the following sections of this Privacy Policy: What Information Do We Collect How Do We Use Your Information? How Do We Share Your Information? Cookie Notice Other Important Disclosures Controller : Bird Rides Europe B.V. (located at Rokin 92, 1012KZ Amsterdam, The Netherlands) is the data controller for the personal data collected from users in the European Economic Area/UK and Switzerland Data Processing Locations and Transfers: We will store and process your personal information in other countries where we or our service providers maintain facilities, which may be outside of the EEA or UK and Switzerland. The storage location(s) are determined based on operational needs, efficiency, and technical performance. We take steps designed to ensure that your personal information is processed according to our Privacy Policy and applicable law. Accordingly, we transfer personal data from the EEA, UK, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we take appropriate measures to protect your personal information, including through standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or UK Information Commissioner’s Office, to help ensure your rights and protections.Click here to learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protection. Click here to learn more about EU standard contractual clauses, and here under UK law. Your Rights: If the processing of personal information that we collect from you is subject to personal data protection laws in EEA, UK, or Switzerland you have certain rights with respect to that data. You may: Request access to your personal information; Request rectification or deletion of your personal information;Request that we transfer your personal information or receive a copy of it in a usable and portable format;Withdraw consent at any time for future processing if processing was permitted based on your consent; or Object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances. To exercise any of your rights, see the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. You also have the right to make a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns. For users in the European Economic Area, you can find the contact details of your local supervisory authority here . For users in the United Kingdom, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office through their website here. Legal Bases for Processing: We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing. Here are our legal bases for each category of processing described in our Privacy Policy: Products, Services, and Customer Support: Our contract with you; Our legitimate Interests; Protect our legal rights and comply with legal obligations; necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest Consumer Marketing Messages and Other Communications: Our legitimate interests; Your consent Research and Innovation: Our legitimate interests Business Operations and Legal Compliance: Our contract with you; Our legitimate interests; Protect our legal rights and comply with legal obligations Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy : If you are seeking employment with Bird in the European Union, the Bird European Union Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy applies to you and your information. Other Languages You are on the site footer Navigate to home page Navigate to Bird Twitter Profile Navigate to Bird Instagram Profile Rider Vehicles Partner Company Copyright © 2023 Bird Rides, Inc Choose a language Copyright © 2023 Bird Rides, Inc.