Privacy Policy Lastest Update: August 23, 2022 The following Privacy & Cookies Statement is between you and BlueConic Inc. (collectively, ‘BlueConic’, ‘we’, ‘us’, or ‘our’) and its affiliated entities and governs your privacy and use of information. By accessing, browsing, or using this Website, which include our BlueConic Services Platform, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Website. This Privacy Statement describes how we collect, use, process, disclose, transfer, and secure your personal information as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you. The use of information collected through BlueConic Services Platform shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Client has engaged BlueConic. This Privacy & Cookies Statement is not applicable when visiting any other website than www.blueconic.com or using other than mentioned services and platforms. Privacy This Privacy & Cookies Statement contains information regarding the objectives that we pursue when registering personal data collected on the Website and how you can exercise your rights with regard to your personal data. 1. Collection of Personal data You may choose to provide us with your Personal data directly in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us your name and contact information while on our Website to communicate with you, to process an order, to provide you with certain information, documentation or service, or to do business with us as customer, supplier or other business partner. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We collect and process Personal data concerning clients and visitors to this Website and the BlueConic Services Platform for the benefit of the business operations of BlueConic, in order to inform you about, and to make available information, documentation, services and other products that may be relevant to you, and to develop and to make those available, and to develop and update Website statistics. We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and other data. We do not link automatically collected data stored in our log files to other information we collect about you. We also collect information when you interact with our (third party) social networking pages. For details regarding the required technical or other information collection and processing of Personal data, and which technologies we employ for such, see below at ‘Cookies Statement’. 2. Use of Personal data Personal data that you provide may be used to contact you, and for example to keep you updated by means of one of our mailings you have subscribed to, or to offer you services that may be of interest to you, unless you inform Us that you do not wish to receive any offers regarding these services and other products. By registering and/or submitting Personal data on our Website, you are also agreeing to the use of that information in accordance with this Privacy & Cookies Statement. We use your information you provide about yourself to complete your requests. We will share your personal data with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy, unless we obtain your permission, or unless otherwise required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process or when we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to fraud, defend our Websites or applications against attacks, or protect the property and safety of BlueConic, our customers and users, or the public. We will not use this Website to collect special Personal data such as information regarding political views, race, religious beliefs, health, criminal-law data, or other matters. We may share or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our Websites or statistical information about how customers use our applications. If BlueConic is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data. 3. Choices You have several choices regarding your use of our Website.In general, you are not required to submit any Personal data when you visit our Website and related web pages, but BlueConic may require you to provide certain Personal data in order for you to receive additional information about our events, documentation or services. Certain web pages may also ask for your permission for certain uses of your Personal data, and you can agree to or decline those uses. If you wish to prevent cookies from tracking you as you navigate our Website, you can make use of the permission setting tool on our website. Depending on the country you are accessing this website from, this tool is either automatically loaded upon first visit of the site or accessible via an activation link at the top of all our webpages. You can also configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Note, however, that in that case some portions of our Website may not work properly if you elect to refuse all cookies. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send our newsletters to you. You may opt-out of receiving BlueConic marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each marketing email or you can contact us at info@blueconic.com . To the extent consented by you, and to the extent permitted by law, we may (i) transfer collected personal data to third parties that help us provide this Website and our services to you within the consented or other legal purposes, and (ii) process and retain collected personal data and the information collected for our customers using BlueConic for as long as needed to provide you services within the consented or other legal purpose. BlueConic will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 4. Access Upon request BlueConic will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal data. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal data by contacting us at info@blueconic.com . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal data, or may need to retain your personal data in order to continue providing a service. We acknowledge that you have the right to access your personal data. BlueConic also collects information for our customers using the BlueConic Services Platform. We have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to BlueConic’s Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal data, or may need to retain your personal data in order to continue providing a service. We may transfer personal data to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients. 5. Security The security of your personal data is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received, including requiring our suppliers to meet such standards to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. If you have questions about the security of your personal data, you can contact us at info@blueconic.com . We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. 6. Children’s Privacy BlueConic understands and endorses the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. In particular, our Website is not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 18. It is our policy never to knowingly collect or maintain personal data about anyone under the age of 18. If BlueConic obtains any knowledge about personal data that relates to anyone under the age of 18, we will instantly remove those from our systems. Cookies Statement BlueConic uses cookies and similar technologies when you use our Website and related web pages. Obviously, BlueConic respects your choices of cookies settings, and always acts and conforms to applicable law. 1. What are cookies? Cookies are small text files, which a Website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the Website, or another Website, to recognize your device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We use the term ‘cookies’ in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way. We only use cookies in accordance with applicable law. There are many functions cookies serve.For example, they help us to remember your login data, authentication data, and other essential information, but also to help us to remember non-essential information such as your preferences. Also, these help you to analyze how well our Website is performing, or allow us to recommend you certain content we believe will be most relevant to you. Certain cookies contain Personal data– for example, if you click to ‘remember me’ when logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our Website, or a user’s general location. See for more information www.allaboutcookies.org. 2. What sort of cookies and other tracking technologies does BlueConic use? Generally, our cookies and similar tracking technologies (‘Cookies’) perform the following different functions: Essential/Required Cookies: These Cookies are essential for the core operation of our Website and are automatically enabled when you use the Website. We also store your permission setting in a Cookie to remember this for future visits (‘Opt-in/-out Cookie’). Performance Cookies: These Cookies help to improve the performance of the Website, providing a better user experience. This allows us to provide you with a high quality experience by customizing our Website and content, and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, we use performance Cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. To the extent BlueConic uses these Cookies, you can either enable or disable these Cookies. Online Behavioral Cookies: These Cookies are used for customer profiling; BlueConic uses its own online engagement software, the BlueConic Services Platform. The BlueConic Services Platform progressively builds an individual customer profile across several channels, from first touch of an anonymous visitor building up to a known customer in a CRM system. With all real-time channel switches and necessary identify transfers and mergers in between. This allows BlueConic to dynamically segment these individuals based on these profiles. Then the BlueConic Services Platform serves the most relevant content on the BlueConic website or initializes online interactions. Click the hyperlink, to learn more about the BlueConic Services Platform. You can either enable or disable these Cookies. Other Tracking Technologies: We and our marketing partners, affiliates, video or analytics or customer support service providers also use beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by using the permission settings dialog that is provided on this Website and that controls the permission for the use of third party cookies or by clicking here [or if located in the European Union click here ]. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. 3. Third Parties BlueConic also uses or allows third parties to serve Cookies that may fall into one of the four categories above. Please note that during your visit to the Website you may notice some Cookies that are related to third parties. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us monitor our Website traffic. We may also use third party Cookies to help us with market research, improving Website functionality and monitoring compliance. Similarly, when you use one of the share buttons on the BlueConic Website, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. The Website and applications may include buttons, widgets, tools or content that link to other company services, for example a Facebook ‘Like’ button or the share button. We may collect information about your use of these features. The permission for the use of these third party cookies is also controlled by the permission settings dialog that is provided on the Website. Once the permission has been granted, BlueConic does not control the dissemination of these third party Cookies. You should check the relevant third party Website for more information about these. 4. What do we collect?In accordance to the above in particular, and this Statement in general, BlueConic collects: When you send us an e-mail: your name, e-mail address, and the content of your e-mail;Data about you by filling out and submitting a form or a field on the website. This information could include for example your first and last name, mailing address, country of residence, e-mail address, telephone number, work address and other information. Of course, it is optional for you to provide such information;Emails we send you may include a web beacon/pixel tag that tells BlueConic whether you have received or opened the e-mail, or clicked a link within the e-mail. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers; BlueConic’s Websites may include buttons, widgets, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook ‘Like’ button or the Share this button). We may collect information about your use of these features. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view a BlueConic web page containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s Privacy Policy for more information. BlueConic has its own pages on several social networking websites (for example, the BlueConic Facebook page). We may collect information when you interact with our social networking pages. 5. How do we use collected information? BlueConic uses personal data we collect about you in a number of ways, such as: Providing you with the BlueConic’s Websites in the best possible way, as well as any information you have requested;Better understanding how our Websites are being used so we can improve our products, services, content, and marketing;Tailoring a website, application, or BlueConic marketing campaign to your likely interests, using The BlueConic Services Platform;Sending you business messages such as those related to payments or expiration of your subscription; Sending you information about BlueConic, latest product announcements, software updates, upcoming events, and similar information; For internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve BlueConic’s products, services, and customer communications;Conducting market research about our customers, their interests, and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns;Reducing fraud, software piracy, and protecting our customers as well as BlueConic. 6. How can I control these Cookies? If you want to receive certain categories of Cookies on the BlueConic, you can opt-in to them using of the permission settings tool on our website. This tool is automatically loaded upon first visit of the site and after that it’s accessible via an activation link from the bottom of all our webpages. We will need to set the Essential/Required Cookies so that we can remember your choices when you next visit the Website from the same browser. At the present time it is not technically possible for us to allow you to carry your settings with you between your browsers and devices so you will need to change these settings from each browser you use, for example Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Chrome, and other. Please also be aware that we make every effort to respect your choices, however, there is the possibility that not all Cookies will be captured. If this is a concern then we would recommend that you change your cookie settings via your browser; your browser help function will tell you how. Note: The BlueConic Website does not work correctly without Essential/Required Cookies. Furthermore, you will lose some features, benefits and functionality if you choose to disable other Cookies. Privacy Policy for Using BlueConic With Google By connecting your Google Drive account to a BlueConic Google Drive connection in your tenant, you agree that: Your BlueConic tenant stores your Google ID and uses it to scan for files owned by you on Google Drive, that match a specific configurable pattern like /export.csv or /*.csvYour BlueConic tenant uses this information to periodically retrieve matching CSV files in your Google Drive and import the CSV file data into BlueConic.Your BlueConic tenant uses this information to periodically upload, write to, and update CSV files to your Google Drive and export BlueConic data to your Google Drive. Your BlueConic tenant will not delete files in your Google Drive.Your BlueConic tenant does not share your Google ID credentials or CSV files with anyone else.By connecting your Google Ads account to a BlueConic Google Ads connection in your BlueConic tenant, you agree that: Your BlueConic tenant stores your Google ID and uses it to retrieve your accounts in Google Ads.Your BlueConic tenant uses those accounts to periodically search for matching email and phone numbers between your own first-party profile data in your BlueConic tenant with users in your Google Ad account.For matching visitors in Google Ads, your BlueConic tenant will send segments chosen and configured by you in the BlueConic tenant for those visitors to Google Ads.You can use the new BlueConic segmentation data for targeting purposes in Google Ads. Your BlueConic tenant does not share your Google ID credentials with anyone else. 1. Changes From time to time, we may revise this Privacy & Cookies Statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We recommend that you regularly check whether the Privacy & Cookies Statement has been revised. Although we are not envisioning any such in the near future, If we make any material or major changes that would negatively impact your interests, we will notify you via a prominent notification on our Website and/or Services Platform. Again, we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Please note that this Privacy & Cookies Statement does not apply to third-party Websites that may be accessed through links on this Website. 2. Applicable law The Privacy & Cookies Statement is exclusively governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts, without regard to choice or conflicts of law rules. Any and all disputes that may arise with respect to the Privacy & Cookies Statement will be referred exclusively to the competent court. 3. Privacy Shield BlueConic participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. BlueConic is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. [ https://www.privacyshield.gov/list ] BlueConic is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. BlueConic complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, BlueConic is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, BlueConic may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [ https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint ], you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 4. Contact Queries regarding this Privacy & Cookies Statement, regarding insight into and the accuracy of personal data that you provided to us via this Website, or requests to have outdated information deleted, may be processed via our Permissions Settings page located at https://www.blueconic.com/permission-settings . If you do not wish to receive any marketing information from us, you can make your request via Permissions Settings .Thank you. BlueConic Inc. 179 Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 United States 2023 BlueConic. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,“ you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy .