Oracle Close Search Ask "Analyst Reports" View Accounts Back Oracle Account Cloud Account Sign in to Contact Sales No results found Your search did not match any results. We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for: Check the spelling of your keyword search.Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”Try one of the popular searches shown below.Start a new search. Trending Questions How are customers using Oracle Cloud apps and infrastructure?Analyst ReportsCollege recruitingWorking at OracleCan I take advantage of the cloud in my own data center?HCMOracle business transformationTry Oracle Cloud for freeHow can I create an agile supply chain?Blockchain applicationsOracle vs AWSFinancials Close Products Infrastructure Applications Industries Resources Support Events Oracle Cloud Events Cloud CX Join visionaries, experts, and customers as they share insights on the latest CX solutions in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud ERP Listen to industry experts and customers as they share ERP, EPM, and SCM best practices in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud HCM Experience HR technology solutions best practices and customer successes in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud Platform Explore modern technology solutions through best practices and customer examples in these 1–2 hour events. Learn about new products and some of the customers who are using them in these 60-minutes or less announcement events. Accelerate your application development and join technical sessions, hands-on labs, demos, panels, and live Q&A with experts. Hear candid conversations with customer executives who rely on Oracle Cloud to help transform their business. Not finding what you’re looking for? Search for all Oracle events. Developer Find tools, documentation, downloads, reference architectures and sample code to develop on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. Try Oracle Free Tier Oracle Cloud Free Tier lets anyone build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free. Partners Learn how our partners' differentiated services, combined with Oracle’s technology stack, are critical to our customers’ ongoing success. Discover, test, buy, and deploy partner business applications built on, and integrated with, Oracle Cloud. Search our digital catalog of partners who are ready to assist customers in realizing greater value through expertise-based services. See why startups and established ISVs trust Oracle Cloud to meet their customers’ demands. Understand the opportunities to extend and expand your service offerings with Oracle Cloud. Learn about Oracle’s global program that helps technology and services partners innovate, collaborate, and grow based on their business needs. Interested in partnering? Take our OPN Journey Builder Help us get to know your business better so we can guide you on your path to success with Oracle. Let’s get started Oracle Legal Legal Notices Privacy Policies More Dyn Privacy @ Oracle Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business: The Oracle General Privacy Policy addresses information we collect in connection with your use of Oracle websites, mobile applications, and social media pages that link to the General Privacy Policy, your interactions with Oracle during in-person meetings at Oracle facilities or at Oracle events, and in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.The Services Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-)users of these services with Oracle systems and networks. The Customer Data Research and Development Privacy Policy describes Oracle’s processing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s artificial intelligence and machine learning activities in order to analyze, develop, and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes.The Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle’s online and offline recruiting efforts.The Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy addresses how Oracle facilitates the collection and use of marketing and interest-based information to help enable interest-based advertising by our Oracle Advertising customers.The AddThis Privacy Policy informs consumers about the collection, use and sharing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the AddThis Tools. The Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn’s Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons. Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. If you would like to exercise your rights, please refer to the applicable privacy policy above or visit the Privacy Choices tab for more information. Resources for Why Oracle Learn News and Events Contact Us Country/RegionContent Affinity Targeting: expanding the privacy friendly targeting toolkit March 2, 2023 | 3 minute read Head of Audience and Contextual Insights 100% New regulations such as GDPR and CCPA have been one of the most significant catalysts for change the online ad industry have seen since its beginnings in the mid 90’s. The proposed purge of 3 rd party cookies has created a raft of opportunity for the development of new targeting solutions, but it’s also brought forth a degree of uncertainty around the future of more broadly availabletargeting solutions for brands, agencies, publishers, and ad-tech vendors that need to be addressed. For those solutions now coming into market, some of the core needs to be met include: Effectiveness: Reaching your intended target customers while delivering on KPI’s you’ve come to expect from traditional identity driven targeting strategiesWidely available: accessible across multiple regions rather than limited to very specific marketsFuture proofed: A solution that respects the regulatory frameworks of today while also anticipating the needs of tomorrowEase of activation: The ability to access off the shelf relevant and effective segments without the need for protracted data handling and constant updating Oracle Advertising solves these challenges with its latest solution, Content Affinity Targeting. This new offering delivers privacy-friendly targeting segments based on the evolving content consumption patterns of people-based cohorts. Oracle’s best-in-class Contextual Intelligence engine analyzes what a given audience views online to build a profile of the content types they’re most likely to engage with and what they tend to steer away from. The result is a powerful combination, leveraging cohort insights from audience data to find your target customer across a broad array of content. Leveraging Oracle’s sophisticated deep learning algorithms and statistical semantic natural language processing, the segments place your ads in front of buyers meeting specific behaviors or a range of demographic attributes based on audience data without the need for identity for ad delivery. An example of Content Affinity Targeting in practice Let us imagine we’re a bicycle brand looking to drive awareness for our new model road bike . Step 1: Oracle calls upon itscomprehensive list of proprietary audiences or those from participating. branded data providers, to form the foundational cohort insights. These audiences are grouped into behavioral, buyer or demographic cohorts. In this case we’re looking at the group; cycling enthusiasts Step 2: We collect the content ingestion patterns of this cohort and disconnect the identity people-based seed from the specific content consumption.We analyse the online content consumed by this audience and compare with the ‘average’ content consumption of a broader audience – this exposes the highly correlated and specific pages for our ideal cohort. For our cycling enthusiasts , these pages could include topics such as green economics and luxury short-haul travel – these would be just two of a multitude of corelated themes. Step 3: Now that we have our highly correlated pages (and topics), we utilize deep learning algorithms to identify additional content aligned to our cycling enthusiasts , creating a Content Affinity Targeting segment that finds potential customers wherever they might be. These segments, just like human behavior, will evolve and this why we re-map and recreate these segments every single day to ensure they are continually changing with audience content consumption. Content Affinity segment are available today across both MediaMath and TheTradeDesk where they can be activated immediately. We currently offer more than 130 lifestyle, retail and demographic segments and are continually adding to this library of targeting options and DSP availability. To learn more about Content Affinity Targeting, or how to build a comprehensive targeting plan that incorporates 1 st and 3 rd party audiences, contextual, and content affinity segments, please contact The Data Hotline . Byline: Mike Hemmings Mike Hemmings leads the Insights service for Oracle Advertising in EMEA & JAPAC. This consultative service is helping to bring actional insights to brands and agencies to facilitate more effective audience reach and campaign efficiencies. Mike has worked across a multitude of media channels in B2B advertising and marketing for 20+ years as a consultant, as well as leading teams in marketing leadership roles for the likes of CBS, Emap and Grapeshot. Mike Hemmings Head of Audience and Contextual Insights Mike leads the Insights service for Oracle Advertising in EMEA & JAPAC. This consultative service is helping to bring actionable insights to brands and agencies to facilitate more effective audience reach and campaign efficiencies.Mike has worked across a multitude of media channels in B2B advertising and marketing for 20+ years as a consultant, as well as leading teams in marketing leadership roles for the likes of CBS, Emap and Grapeshot. Previous Post Spotlight Q&A: How Xaxis is helping marketers succeed in the cookieless future min read Next Post Reaching the cost-conscious consumer: it's a matter of mindset min read Close widgetSelect chat languageDetect LanguageundefinedEspañolPortuguêsOracle Close Search Ask "Analyst Reports" View Accounts Back Oracle Account Cloud Account Sign in to Contact Sales No results found Your search did not match any results. We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for: Check the spelling of your keyword search.Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”Try one of the popular searches shown below.Start a new search. Trending Questions How are customers using Oracle Cloud apps and infrastructure?Analyst ReportsCollege recruitingWorking at OracleCan I take advantage of the cloud in my own data center?HCMOracle business transformationTry Oracle Cloud for freeHow can I create an agile supply chain?Blockchain applicationsOracle vs AWSFinancials Close Products Infrastructure Applications Industries Resources Support Events Oracle Cloud Events Cloud CX Join visionaries, experts, and customers as they share insights on the latest CX solutions in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud ERP Listen to industry experts and customers as they share ERP, EPM, and SCM best practices in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud HCM Experience HR technology solutions best practices and customer successes in this series of 1–2 hour events. Cloud Platform Explore modern technology solutions through best practices and customer examples in these 1–2 hour events. Learn about new products and some of the customers who are using them in these 60-minutes or less announcement events. Accelerate your application development and join technical sessions, hands-on labs, demos, panels, and live Q&A with experts. Hear candid conversations with customer executives who rely on Oracle Cloud to help transform their business. Not finding what you’re looking for? Search for all Oracle events. Developer Find tools, documentation, downloads, reference architectures and sample code to develop on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. Try Oracle Free Tier Oracle Cloud Free Tier lets anyone build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free. Partners Learn how our partners' differentiated services, combined with Oracle’s technology stack, are critical to our customers’ ongoing success. Discover, test, buy, and deploy partner business applications built on, and integrated with, Oracle Cloud. Search our digital catalog of partners who are ready to assist customers in realizing greater value through expertise-based services. See why startups and established ISVs trust Oracle Cloud to meet their customers’ demands. Understand the opportunities to extend and expand your service offerings with Oracle Cloud. Learn about Oracle’s global program that helps technology and services partners innovate, collaborate, and grow based on their business needs. Interested in partnering? Take our OPN Journey Builder Help us get to know your business better so we can guide you on your path to success with Oracle. Let’s get started Privacy Policies Oracle Legal Legal Notices Privacy Policies More Dyn Privacy @ Oracle Privacy Choices Preference, Opt-Out and EU/EEA Subject Access Mechanisms Please review the Oracle privacy policies for information specific to your relationship with Oracle. Below, Oracle summarizes the opt-out mechanisms found in our privacy policies. If you have a question or concern with regard to any of these mechanisms, please fill out our inquiry form . Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in the EU/EEA and other jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. View instructions on how to exercise these rights. Email and Profile Information To customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic communications from Oracle or selected Oracle partners, including opting into (or out of) Oracle communities, newsletters and general interest areas through your Oracle profile, login at https://profile.oracle.com/ and follow the prompts to “update my profile.” You may opt out of Oracle’s email marketing by modifying your online profile as described above or by using our general unsubscribe automated link that is included in Oracle marketing emails. You can also find details on how to automatically unsubscribe from email communications, as well as how to submit requests to opt-out from phone and postal marketing, on our Oracle.com Account Help page. Cookie Preferences on Oracle Websites Oracle enables you to opt out of cookies that are not required to enable core site functionality.Oracle uses its cookie preferences tool to process Internet advertising and tracking preferences. Once you have set your cookie preferences, Oracle will follow the specific choices you made on the cookie preferences tool. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie preferences again. You may access or change your cookie preference for Oracle websites through the “Cookie Preferences” link provided in the Oracle website footers. Interest-Based Advertising Enabled by Oracle Advertising The Oracle Advertising (Oracle Data Cloud) facilitates the collection and use of data by our customers in connection with interest-based advertising. For information on Oracle Advertising’s opt-out mechanisms and information on how to access the data collected and processed by Oracle Advertising, please visit the Oracle Advertising opt-out and access site, available at: https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com . For additional opt-out mechanisms and information View more information about these Oracle Advertising services, the types of data collected and how this data is used, please visit the Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy . Learn More Privacy Inquiries Resources for Why Oracle Learn News and Events Contact Us Country/RegionPrivacy @ Oracle Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy 1. INTRODUCTION This Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy (also referred to as the ‘ Privacy Policy ’ or the ‘ Oracle Data Cloud Privacy Policy ’) informs consumers (‘ you ’ or ‘ your ’) on the collection, use, sharing, and selling (collectively referred to as ‘ processing ’ or ‘ process ’) of your personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of Oracle Advertising services designed to help Oracle’s customers’ and partners’ online and offline marketing activities (‘ Oracle Advertising ’). This Privacy Policy also explains your privacy rights in relation to these processing activities. This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 20, 2023. However, the Privacy Policy can change over time, for example to comply with legal requirements or to meet changing business needs. The most up-to-date version can be found on this website . In case there is an important change that we want to highlight to you, we will also inform you in another way (for example, via a pop-up notice or statement of changes on our website). View a previous version of this Privacy Policy. As used in this Privacy Policy, ‘personal information’ or ‘personal data’ means information that relates to an identified individual or to an identifiable individual. For example, this could include among other things your name, address, email address, past purchase behavior or information regarding your online interests. Personal information about you that Oracle may process is also referred to as ‘ information about you .’ For more detail about the types of information about you that Oracle Advertising may process, please refer to Section 4 below. SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY See More The Privacy Policy applies to Oracle’s processing of information about you that has been provided to Oracle Advertising by our data suppliers. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Oracle Corporation and Oracle America, Inc. are responsible for the processing of information about you as described in this privacy policy. WHICH CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS? See More Oracle may process online personal information that may indirectly identify you, as well as offline information that may directly identify you. WHERE DO WE SOURCE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Oracle obtains data from third party sources, including from advertising agencies, website operators, retail stores, and third party data providers. WHY AND HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More We use personal information about you to enable Oracle Advertising customers and partners to market products and services to you, to develop and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes. HOW CAN WE SHARE OR SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? See More Your personal information is shared throughout Oracle’s organization and sold or shared to third parties such as Oracle Advertising customers and partners, service providers, and others as described in Section 9 . WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? See More You have privacy rights for the information we process about you. You can request to opt-out of third party sharing or selling, and object to our use of your personal information for online behavioral marketing and advertising purposes, delete or correct your personal information, or access your personal information (See Section 13 ) HOW TO CONTACT ORACLE IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, COMMENTS OR COMPLAINTS? See More If you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Privacy Policy, please contact the Global Data Protection Officer at the address below. 2. SCOPE The Privacy Policy applies to Oracle’s processing of information about you provided to Oracle Advertising by our third-party data suppliers to help enable Oracle Advertising customers and partners to market products and services to you based on your interests. The Privacy Policy does not apply to the following activities: Data collected in connection with the Oracle AddThis tools. In some regions, Oracle may also process information about you provided to Oracle Advertising by website publisher partners using the Oracle AddThis tools. For information about Oracle’s data collection and use practices in connection with the Oracle AddThis tools, please refer to https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html . [Note: AddThis services have been terminated as of May 31, 2023. Please visit addthis.com for more information] First-party information collected about you by or on behalf of Oracle customers. Our customers are responsible for their own personal information collection practices and their use of the personal information for marketing and other purposes, including when they use Oracle Advertising and Oracle Marketing Cloud services to send you online advertising and/or direct marketing.This includes any personal information processed through Oracle Advertising’s Moat or Grapeshot products on behalf of Oracle customers. To find out more about our customers’ use of first-party information about you, you are encouraged to review the relevant privacy policy of the company who collected your information from you or is sending you advertising or direct marketing. Please consult that company if you have any further questions about its use of information about you. Data collected for Oracle’s own direct marketing purposes. For information about Oracle’s processing activities with regard to your personal information collected on Oracle websites and applications, and used for Oracle’s own direct marketing purposes, please refer to https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-policy . 3. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Oracle Corporation and Oracle America, Inc., having their registered address at 2300 Oracle Way, Austin, TX, 78741, USA, are responsible for processing your personal information in scope of this Privacy Policy. 4. WHICH CATEGORIES AND SPECIFIC PIECES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE PROCESS? Information about you may in some cases directly identify you, while in other cases it may only indirectly identify you. Personal information that is collected offline and that can directly identify you may include, for example: name, physical address, email addresses, and telephone numbers;demographic attributes, when tied to other information that identifies you;transactional data based on your purchases, when tied to other information that identifies you;company data such as the name, size, and location of the company you work for and your role within the company;data from marketing opt-in lists, consumer surveys, or publicly available information;derived latitude/longitude from a physical address. Oracle Advertising only processes offline personal information about individuals located in the United States. Personal information that is collected online and that may indirectly identify you may include, for example: unique IDs such as your mobile device identifier, or a cookie ID on your browser;a connected device identifier such as an ID from a smart or connected television or streaming device (US only);Addressable media identifiers (“AMI”) or other partner- or industry-specific identifiers;IP addresses and information derived from IP addresses, such as geographic location;information about your device, such as browser, device type, operating system, the presence or use of “apps”, screen resolution, or the preferred language; obfuscated personal information such as hashed email addresses (direct identifiers are removed);demographic information such as gender, age, and income range when not tied to information that directly identifies you;behavioral data of the internet connected computer or device you use when interacting with websites, applications, or other connected devices, such as advertisements clicked or viewed, websites and content areas, date and time of these activities, or the web search used to locate and navigate to a website. We may associate personal information about you with interest segments or profiles as part of the provision of Oracle Advertising services to our customers and partners: Interest Segments are a specific group of consumers that share a common behavior or preference used for direct marketing by our customers. For example: in market for travel specials to Hawaii. Profiles are a set of attributes about a specific consumer or device, or a set of multiple consumers or devices sharing common attributes used for marketing by our customers. For example: age bracket 25-55; adventurous traveler; surfing enthusiast; in market for travel specials to Hawaii. 5. FOR WHAT COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSE DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? We use personal information for the following commercial purposes: a) to provide Advertising services to Oracle customers and partners designed to enable them to market products and services to you based on your interests;b) to analyze, develop, improve, and optimize the use, function and performance of Oracle products and services; We use personal information for the following business purposes: c) to manage the security of our sites, networks and systems;d) to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business. These purposes are described below in further detail.a) For personal information collected from individuals located outside the EU/EEA/UK and Switzerland only: to provide Advertising services to Oracle customers and partners designed to enable them to market products and services to you based on your interests We process personal information about you for marketing purposes to provide Advertising services to Oracle customers and partners designed to enable them to advertise products and services to you via online and offline marketing activities based on your interests. “Marketing purposes” means the processing of offline and online personal information, as defined in Section 4: (i) to solicit or induce a purchase, rental, lease, or exchange of products or services directly to consumers or businesses via offline and online advertising campaigns; (ii) to develop market research or market surveys or to provide verification services to marketers; (iii) to create, communicate, deliver, and exchange offerings that have value for customers, clients, partners, and society at large; or (iv) to encourage safe practices and trends and the provision of factual information, including, by way of example, providing product or automotive recall notices. More specifically, Oracle can process information about you: i. For online interest-based advertising delivered through Oracle Advertising partners that display online advertising to you on behalf of Oracle Advertising customers. Example: a marketing professional working for a travel company wants to market the company’s travel specials to Hawaii to a specific group of individuals (also known as an audience ) that may be interested in those specials. The marketing professional uses Oracle Advertising services to create an audience interested in travel to Hawaii. If you have visited a travel website previously and have expressed an interest in Hawaiian vacations, you may be placed in the travel company’s audience and subsequently see advertisements for a vacation to Hawaii on other websites (because a cookie has been placed on your browser) or, in the United States, via a connected device (due to an association between your IP address and device identifier). ii. For offline and online campaign measurement, analytics, and development of insights on behalf of our Oracle Advertising customers. Example: a marketing professional working for a travel company wants to better understand if the company’s marketing campaign for travel specials to Hawaii contributed to an increase in their product sales. The marketing professional uses Oracle Advertising services to see how many display or videos ads were viewed, and whether the ads were clicked on and a purchase was made. iii. For enabling our Oracle Advertising customers to personalize their products and services, including site optimization, email personalization, and dynamic marketing and advertising optimization. Example: if you have previously indicated an interest in travel to Hawaii, when you visit a travel company’s website it can display tailored offers for Hawaiian vacations on their homepage. iv. For linking Profiles and Interest Segments to enable Oracle Advertising customers and partners to connect your Interest Segments across the various browsers and/or devices you may use for the purposes described in this section. Example: you are interested in vacations offered by a travel company and have clicked on their online advertising. You are logged into several devices (your desktop, smartphone, and tablet) using the same login. Oracle Advertising partners have indicated that you are likely the same user across those same devices. The travel company is able to display vacation offers to you (via a de-identified cookie ID) on these different devices. v. For creating modelled online and offline “lookalike” audiences for Oracle Advertising customers’ products and services. Example: a marketing professional working for a travel company wants to find new potential customers who are, like you, likely to be interested in travel to Hawaii. Oracle Advertising services can help the travel company by looking for key characteristics between Profiles that have expressed an interest in traveling to Hawaii and other Profiles where a similar interest can be inferred based on these characteristics, such as an interest in travel to tropical islands. vi. For enabling our Oracle Advertising customers to associate first-party information to certain Oracle Advertising identifiers in order to deliver marketing and advertising services to you. Example: A travel company has its own lists of customers who have purchased travel arrangements with them, with names, emails, and addresses. The travel company wants to be able to reach out to these customers with online advertising.The Oracle Advertising services can help the travel company by converting the company’s own customer lists from identified names, emails, and addresses, to de-identified groups of cookie and device IDs provided by Oracle Advertising, in a process known in the advertising industry as “onboarding”. vii. For individuals located in the United States only: to allow our customers to deliver catalogues to your physical address that may be of interest to you based on your previous offline purchase behavior. b) For personal information collected from individuals located outside the EU/EEA/UK and Switzerland only: to analyze, develop, improve, and optimize the use, function and performance of Oracle products and services We may process personal information for Oracle’s own research and development purposes. For example: to enhance data quality, develop new features and functionality, and for statistical analyses related to the performance and operation of Oracle Advertising services. c) to manage the security of our sites, networks and systems We can collect usage and systems operations data from Oracle Advertising services for security and operations management to help keep Oracle, customer, and partner networks and systems, as well as our products and services, secure. We may also collect usage and systems operations data to investigate and prevent cyber-attacks, malicious activity, or potential fraud, including ad fraud and to detect bots. d) to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business In some cases, we may process personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations. For example, to respond to a request from a regulator or to defend a legal claim. We may also process personal information in the operation of our business. For example, to conduct audits and investigations, for finance and accounting, archiving, and insurance purposes. 6. CATEGORIES OF SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Oracle may process both offline and online information about you, including information from publicly available sources or third-party data providers. Offline information (for individuals located in the United States only) about you is obtained by Oracle from its offline partners such as brick-and-mortar retail stores, grocery stores and their associated loyalty card programs, payment card brands, catalog orders and consumer survey programs, and third parties who may not have a relationship with you and collect offline information from their offline partners. Online information about you originates from your activities on sites operated by our online partners, such as advertising agencies and website operators (for example, online retail stores or travel sites). Oracle also obtains online information from third parties who may not have a direct relationship with you and who collect online information using cookies or similar technologies, such as pixels tags and device identifiers, as you browse the Internet and interact with websites. For more information on cookies and similar technologies used in connection with Oracle Advertising services, please refer to Section 12 below. Our online Oracle Advertising branded data partners are listed in our catalogue . Oracle Advertising will not accept third-party data from our partners from individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland, Brazil, China, Russia, South Korea, Thailand, and countries subject to US Embargo restrictions. 7. FOR INFORMATION ABOUT YOU COLLECTED IN THE EU/EEA/UK OR SWITZERLAND, WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS? For users located in the EU/EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, Oracle Advertising collects third-party data about users located in the EU/EEA, Switzerland, or the UK only for legal compliance purposes, including for data minimization and to avoid using data from these regions. Specifically, upon initial collection, Oracle Advertising segregates, obfuscates, and purges the data from users in these regions so as to prevent using the data for Oracle’s commercial purposes described above in Section 5 of this Policy. Customers are responsible for their own first-party data collection and processing practices. Please see “First-party information collected about you by Oracle customers” under Section 2 for more information. 8. FOR WHAT PERIOD DO WE RETAIN INFORMATION ABOUT YOU? Oracle maintains information about you for the following retention periods, unless retained solely for legal and compliance purposes: a) Online information about you is retained for up to 13 months . Certain online information may be retained up to 18 months .For example, Oracle customers’ seasonal or cyclical interest-based advertising campaigns or internal analytics and model development may be retained for up to 18 months. b) Online information about you for linkage purposes (cross device/cross-context technology) is retained for up to 12 months . c) Offline information about you may be retained for as long as relevant for the purposes for which it was collected (see Section 5 above). Personal information necessary to preserve opt-out preferences is retained for 20 years, unless you delete it or otherwise prevent its collection as further described in Section 13 below. 9. WHEN AND HOW CAN WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Sharing within Oracle As a global organization, information about you can be shared globally throughout Oracle’s worldwide organization for a business purpose(s). See a list of Oracle entities. Please select a region and country to view the registered address and contact details of the Oracle entity or entities located in each country. Oracle employees are authorized to access personal information only to the extent necessary to serve the applicable purpose(s) and to perform their job functions. Disclosing personal information to third parties We may share personal information with or sell personal information to the following third parties for a commercial purpose: Oracle Advertising customers and partners, including digital marketers, ad agencies, web publishers, connected TV providers, demand side platforms, data management platforms, supply-side platforms, and social media networks; andthird-party service providers as necessary to perform Oracle Advertising services on behalf of Oracle. We may disclose personal information with the following third parties for a business purpose: relevant third parties in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings; andpublic and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence (to the extent legally required to respond to their mandatory requests in connection with national security and/or law enforcement purposes). When third parties are given access to personal information, we will take appropriate contractual, technical, and organizational measures designed to ensure that personal information is processed only to the extent that such processing is necessary, consistent with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. 10. HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION HANDLED GLOBALLY? Oracle is a global corporation with operations in over 80 countries, and personal information is processed globally as necessary in accordance with this policy. If personal information is transferred to an Oracle recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, Oracle will take adequate measures designed to protect the personal information, such as ensuring that such transfers are subject to the terms of the EU Model Clauses or other adequate transfer mechanism as required under relevant data protection laws. 11. HOW IS INFORMATION ABOUT YOU SECURED? Oracle has implemented appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures designed to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as other forms of unlawful processing. 12. WHAT COOKIES, PIXEL TAGS AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES DO WE USE? Cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixel tags and device identifiers) are used by Oracle and our advertising technology partners to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across different services and devices for the purposes specified in Section 5 above. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser on a connected device. We or our Oracle Advertising partners may use cookies to, among other things, track user trends and collect information about how you use our customers’ sites or interact with advertising. Most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies by default. You may, however, be able to change your browser settings to cause your browser to refuse third-party cookies or to indicate when a third-party cookie is being sent. Check your browser’s “help” files to learn more about handling cookies. Pixel Tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) are invisible 1 x 1 pixels that are placed on webpages that use this technology for marketing and measurement purposes. When you access these webpages, pixel tags generate a generic notice of the visit.Pixel tags can be used with cookies or alone. When used with cookies, pixel tags can track activity on a site by a particular device and provide relevant online advertising to you. When you turn off cookies or have opted out of cookies, pixel tags simply detect a unique website visit and how you interacted with the advertising, but do not track an individual to provide relevant online advertising. You can opt out of cookies using the opt-out tools in the next section. 13. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to request to opt-out of third-party sharing or selling, delete or correct, or request to access and receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. Opt-out and object to our use of information about you Oracle offers multiple ways for you to opt out of third party sharing or selling and object to our use of information about you: Oracle Advertising Opt-out. Access the Oracle Advertising opt-out tool . Please note that if you use this opt-out tool, Oracle will opt you out of Oracle’s use of information about you for Oracle Advertising services involving both first-party use of your information as well as any third-party sharing or selling of your information. Customers remain responsible for their own first-party data collection and processing practices. See Section 2 above for more information on the distinction between first-party and third-party information. The Oracle Advertising opt-out will prevent Oracle from delivering third-party audiences to connected devices such as smart televisions or streaming devices; however, you can also visit your device’s settings menu or privacy policy for information on how to opt-out directly with your connected devices. AdTech Industry Opt-Out. You may also opt-out of third-party sharing or selling by Oracle Advertising services by using the opt-out tools provided by the following industry groups. These industry groups provide detailed information on how to opt-out of tailored advertising on a browser or via device settings: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA): http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ Network Advertising Initiative (NAI): http://optout.networkadvertising.org European Interactive Digital Adverting Alliance (EDAA): http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and http://www.edaa.eu/ Device Opt-Out. While the opt-out methods described above often also work for mobile web browsing, mobile ‘app’ or other internet connected TV device environments may not accept cookies. You may want to consider installing the AppChoices App provided by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) to exercise opt-out control for specific companies, including Oracle, when in a mobile app environment. See more information on how to download and configure the AppChoices App relevant for your mobile platform. You can also visit the NAI’s website for more information and instructions on opting out on mobile devices and internet connected TV devices. Audience Matched Advertising Opt-Out. Oracle Advertising provides “Audience Matched Advertising” where Oracle Advertising uses hashed emails to create tailored digital advertising to provide Oracle Advertising online services. The NAI provides an email-based opt-out to opt-out of this activity. Please visit the NAI’s website for more information and instructions on opting out of Audience Matched Advertising. Do Not Track. Oracle honors “Do Not Track” browser settings, meaning we will not track your browser for marketing purposes while you have “Do Not Track” turned on in your browser settings. Please note that if you opt-out using any of the first three opt-out tools, you may still temporarily see interest-based advertising from Oracle Advertising customers due to advertising campaigns from those customers already underway. However, you will be opted-out of all future advertising campaigns from customers that use Oracle Advertising services. Also note that the first three opt-out tools are currently cookie-based and prevent Oracle from using, sharing, or selling your personal information for interest-based advertising on the browser on which they are installed. As a result, these opt out tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies and may not function where cookies are sometimes automatically disabled or removed (e.g., certain mobile devices and operating systems). If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt out again. Oracle does not use persistent, unique identifiers to revive a previously opted-out profile or deleted cookie.If you want to opt-out of Oracle’s use of information about you for Oracle Advertising services, and do not want to receive third-party cookies, you can also change your browser settings on your computer or other device you are using to connect to the internet. Most browsers also provide functionality that lets you opt-out of all advertising cookies, including Oracle cookies. Delete or correct information about you Unless retained solely for legal and compliance purposes, Oracle will delete or correct your online or offline personal information, upon request, as set forth below: You can erase or delete all online information about you by opting out of Oracle Advertising services using the Oracle Advertising opt-out tool above. If you would like to submit a request to have offline information about you, if any, erased or deleted, you can use this form . Given the nature and purpose of the processing activities, in the event your personal information contains any inaccuracies, Oracle will delete your personal information per the process set above for deletion. Access information about you In order to exercise your right to access your online information processed by Oracle Advertising, you can use the Oracle Advertising Registry (‘Registry’) to view the online segments Oracle has associated with your device. By accessing this Registry, you can view the types of third-party interest segments that are shared with or sold to Oracle Advertising customers. Please note that the interest segments you see within the Registry is information from the profile associated with the specific browser, computer, or device that you are using to visit the Registry. You may see different segments when viewing the Registry from a different browser, computer, or device. For a complete picture of the segments associated with all of your browsers and devices, we therefore recommend using these different browsers and devices when accessing the Registry. To request access to your offline information, please visit the Oracle Advertising access site, available at https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com/request-your-data . While the majority of offline access requests can be handled quickly, complex requests may take more research and time. In such cases, you will be contacted regarding the nature of the request and appropriate next steps within 45 days from the date of receipt of your request. Upon visiting the Oracle Advertising access site, you will be asked to verify your identity to submit your request. If you cannot verify your request via the online portal, you can submit a written request via postal mail to the Oracle Global Data Protection Officer at the address below with a copy of a government-issued ID or other proof of identity for verification purposes. We cannot provide access to offline data unless Oracle can verify the identity of the individual making the request. Oracle Advertising only processes offline personal information on residents within the United States. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law unless such data is only retained for legal and compliance purposes. Oracle will not discriminate against consumers who have exercised the deletion, opt-out, or access rights provided to them in this Privacy Policy. We cannot provide first-party information that is collected and maintained by our customers. If you have questions in regards to first-party information, Oracle recommends that you contact directly the company that collected it from you. Deceased Do Not Contact Registration with the DMA. We recognize that receiving mail for a deceased loved one can be difficult for family members, friends, or caretakers. You can opt-out your loved one using the Oracle Advertising opt-out tool; however, Oracle’s opt-out tool is limited to only Oracle’s use and sharing of your loved one’s personal information. We recommend using the DMA Deceased Do Not Contact Registration to remove the names of your deceased loved ones from commercial marketing lists for all companies that ingest this list, available here: https://www.ims-dm.com/cgi/ddnc.php . 14. DOES ORACLE ADVERTISING COLLECT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION? Oracle does not create any online interest segments that reflect personal information that is sensitive, as defined by law and self-regulatory frameworks, or personal information that Oracle has deemed “sensitive.” We also have operational procedures in our platform designed to prevent our partners and customers from using personal information provided to them by Oracle to create interest segments that we consider sensitive.While the types of personal information considered sensitive may vary among consumers and applicable law, we treat the following types of personal information as sensitive: precise mental or physical health, biometric, or genetic information, such as a certain sensitive medical condition like cancer or diabetes;pregnancy, such as pregnancy choices, pregnancy termination, reproductive rights, and traveling to exercise reproductive rights;certain aspects linked to personal life, such as racial or ethnic, religious, political, citizenship, immigration status, or sexual orientation;social security or other state identification number, financial account numbers or login information for such accounts; interest in “adult” activities, such as drug use, an interest in weapons, or pornographic material; and information considered sensitive based on applicable law. We do not allow Oracle Advertising customers or partners to use data provided to them by Oracle: (i) to make decisions related to an individual’s eligibility for employment, credit, healthcare, insurance, tenancy, or education purposes; (ii) to make decisions solely by automatic means where the decision has a significant effect on the individual; or (iii) in any way that may or does discriminate against any person or promote bigotry, racism, or harm. For these purposes, Oracle considers harm to be inclusive of the use of data provided by Oracle to target vulnerable individuals or groups with fraudulent or deceptive marketing campaigns or to be used in any manner that causes vulnerable individuals harm. As noted above, Oracle Advertising does not create interest segments that reflect sensitive medical conditions. For a list of Oracle Advertising's non-sensitive health and wellness segments, please see this link (PDF) . 15. DOES ORACLE ADVERTISING COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN? We do not intentionally collect or share personal information of children under 16 years of age or allow the creation of segments targeting children under 16 years of age. Further, we prohibit our Oracle Advertising partners from providing Oracle with personal information from sites directed to children under the age of 16 or from consumers whose age these companies know to be under the age of 16. 16. IS ORACLE A MEMBER OF ANY INDUSTRY ORGANIZATIONS? Oracle is a member of, and adheres to, the self-regulatory principles of the following industry organizations: the Data Marketing & Analytics (ANA)the Direct Marketing Association UK (DMA UK);the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI);the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB);the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC); and the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). As a member of these organizations, Oracle works with industry-leading companies to address important privacy and consumer protection issues in offline direct marketing and online advertising. The NAI has created a compliance program that incorporates attestation reviews, a consumer complaint process, sanctions and annual reporting to help ensure that member companies keep their promises to you and abide by the NAI’s Self-Regulatory Code of Conduct . 17. WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS AS A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT? Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, California residents may request that we: 1. disclose to you the following information: the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected about you and the categories of personal information we sold (see Section 4 );the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information (see Section 6 );the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information about you (see Section 5 ); and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or otherwise disclosed personal information (see Section 9 ). 2. delete personal information we collected from you or correct inaccurate personal information about you (see Section 13 ); or3. opt-out of any future sale of personal information about you (see Section 13 ). Oracle will not discriminate against you if you exercise these rights under the CCPA. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. If you are an authorized agent making an access or deletion request on behalf of a Californian resident, please reach out to us via the inquiry form and indicate that you are an authorized agent. We will provide you with instructions on how to submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a Californian resident. If you are a California resident, you may obtain information about exercising your rights, as described above, by contacting us at 1-800-633-0748. For information on the CCPA requests Oracle received, complied with, or denied for the previous calendar year, please visit Oracle’s Annual Consumer Privacy Reporting page, available here . 18. HOW TO CONTACT ORACLE IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, OR COMPLAINTS?Oracle has appointed a Global Data Protection Officer . If you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent with the Privacy Policy or your choices, or if you have further questions, comments, or suggestions related to this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to exercise your right to access to your offline personal information as described in Section 13 above, please contact the Global Data Protection Officer by filling out an inquiry form and selecting the option to “Contact our DPO” . Written inquiries to the Data Protection Officer may be addressed to: Oracle Corporation Global Data Protection Officer Willis Tower 233 South Wacker Drive 45th Floor Chicago, IL 60606 U.S.A. 19. FILING A COMPLAINT If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy, please contact us. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. You also have the right to file a complaint with a competent data protection authority if you are a resident of a European Union member state. 20. ORACLE CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS Oracle’s corporate headquarters are located at: 2300 Oracle Way Austin, TX 78741 USA Tel: +1.737.867.1000 Learn More Country/Region