California Consumer Privacy Policy This California Consumer Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to California residents. This Policy explains how BMO (“BMO,” “we,” “us,” “our”) collects, uses, retains, and/or discloses personal information about California residents. This Policy also explains how California residents may exercise certain rights they have under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”). For non-California residents, please refer to our BMO U.S. Privacy Code and our Digital Privacy Policy for additional information about BMO’s privacy practices. 1. Personal Information covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) 1. Personal Information covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“C C P A”) 2. personal information we collectThe categories of personal information we collect depend on the product or service you have with us, and your use of BMO websites and services. Over the past 12 months and on an ongoing basis, the information we have collected and may collect includes: The categories of personal information we collect depend on the product or service you have with us, and your use of B M O websites and services. Over the past 12 months and on an ongoing basis, the information we have collected and may collect includes: Category of Information Examples Personal or Individual IdentifiersFirst, Middle and Last Name, DBA or other alias, postal address, email address, phone numbers, Social Security number or other tax identification number, passport number, driver’s license number, military identification number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, signature, internet protocol address First, Middle and Last Name, D B A or other alias, postal address, email address, phone numbers, Social Security number or other tax identification number, passport number, driver’s license number, military identification number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, signature, internet protocol address Commercial InformationDeposit and credit account numbers, assets and liabilities, sources of income, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, records of transactions, other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, records of real property and personal property; other financial information such as assets and liabilities, other sources of income, insurance policy numbersProfessional or Employment Related InformationOccupation, employment history, education, titles or positions with government entities, employers, or companies you own, salary or self-employment income Characteristics of Protected ClassificationsAge/date of birth, gender, race, color/ethnicity, national origin, military or veteran statusInternet/Electronic Network ActivityInformation regarding interaction with Financial Group’s internet websites, applications and advertisements (see also: Digital Privacy Policy Biometric and Geolocation InformationVoice , voiceprint, or device location Audio, Visual and Similar InformationCopies of passport, driver’s license or other photo IDs; images on building and ATM security cameras; voice message recordings Copies of passport, driver’s license or other photo identifications; images on building and A T M security cameras; voice message recordings Inferences Drawn from Any of the ForegoingCertain inferences concerning an individual’s preferences and characteristics Sensitive Personal Information: Certain categories of information we may collect are considered “sensitive personal information” (“SPI”). SPI includes any personal information that reveals a consumer's social security number, driver's license number, state ID card number, passport number, account login information, financial account number, debit or credit card number, precise geolocation, an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, genetic information, biometric information, health information, sex life or sexual orientation. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for inferring characteristics or for purposes other than those permitted by law. Sources of Collected Personal Information: We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from different sources: Directly from you, or other individuals acting on your behalf. For example, when you use our products or services (through in‐person interactions at a branch, electronically, or over the phone). Please refer to our CCPA Disclosure for more information. From third parties. From time to time, we receive personal information from third parties, like our business partners, vendors, and other entities, who are authorized to disclose certain personal information with . From publicly available sources.Public records or widely available sources, including information from the media, and other records and information that are made available by federal, state, and local government entities. We also may collect personal information that you intentionally choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from public social media profile(s), to the extent individuals choose to make their profile(s) publicly visible and accessible). Our websites and mobile apps. We collect certain personal information when customers visit our banking website(s) or use our banking mobile application(s). Please refer to our Digital Privacy Policy for further information. 3. how we use your personal information When we collect personal information, we may use any of the categories of personal information we have collected for a range of commercial purposes, which will vary depending on the nature of your relationship with BMO. For example, we may use the same categories of personal information differently depending on whether you are an applicant for BMO services, a BMO customer, or a job applicant. In all cases, if a new purpose for using your personal information develops that is unrelated or materially different from these purposes, we will identify that purpose. When we collect personal information, we may use any of the categories of personal information we have collected for a range of commercial purposes, which will vary depending on the nature of your relationship with B M O. For example, we may use the same categories of personal information differently depending on whether you are an applicant for B M O services, a B M O customer, or a job applicant. In all cases, if a new purpose for using your personal information develops that is unrelated or materially different from these purposes, we will identify that purpose. If you are an applicant for BMO services or a BMO customer, we may use your personal information to: If you are an applicant for B M O services or a B M O customer, we may use your personal information to: verify your identity; provide and manage products and services you have requested; understand your financial services requirements; report to consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies; protect against fraud and manage risk; determine suitability of products and services for you; better manage your relationship with us; determine your eligibility for certain of our products and services, or products or services of others; comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or as otherwise permitted by law; communicate with you regarding products and services that may be of interest; understand our customers and develop and tailor our products and services; and/or respond to any questions you may have.determine your eligibility for the role you are applying for; identify, and communicate to you, other potential opportunities at BMO that may be a good match for your qualifications; identify, and communicate to you, other potential opportunities at B M O that may be a good match for your qualifications; comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or as otherwise permitted by law; and/or respond to any questions you may have.If you are visiting a BMO website please refer to our If you are visiting a B M O website please refer to our Digital Privacy Policy to learn more about the uses of your information. 4.how we disclose your informationPersonal Data Type Third Party Category to Whom We Disclosed Personal Data Personal Identifiersservice providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations;consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies;third parties who are selling you goods or services where you have requested that we finance the purchase; third parties, such as other creditors, when you have specifically authorized us to disclose your information;third parties in order to comply with a court order or other legal process; orthird parties in order to protect our assets (for example, collection of overdue accounts).Commercial Informationservice providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations; consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies; third parties who are selling you goods or services where you have requested that we finance the purchase; third parties, such as other creditors, when you have specifically authorized us to disclose your information; third parties in order to comply with a court order or other legal process; or third parties in order to protect our assets (for example, collection of overdue accounts).Professional or Employment Related Information provided when applying for BMO services or as a BMO customer Professional or Employment Related Information provided when applying for B M O services or as a B M O customer service providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations; consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies; third parties who are selling you goods or services where you have requested that we finance the purchase; third parties, such as other creditors, when you have specifically authorized us to disclose your information; third parties in order to comply with a court order or other legal process; or third parties in order to protect our assets (for example, collection of overdue accounts).Characteristics of Protected Classificationsservice providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations; consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies; third parties who are selling you goods or services where you have requested that we finance the purchase; third parties, such as other creditors, when you have specifically authorized us to disclose your information; third parties in order to comply with a court order or other legal process; or third parties in order to protect our assets (for example, collection of overdue accounts).Internet/Electronic Network Activity service providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations; consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies; third parties who are selling you goods or services where you have requested that we finance the purchase; third parties, such as other creditors, when you have specifically authorized us to disclose your information; third parties in order to comply with a court order or other legal process; or third parties in order to protect our assets (for example, collection of overdue accounts).Biometric Informationservice providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations.Audio, Visual and Similar Informationservice providers who assist us in managing and servicing your account(s); legal or regulatory authorities in cases of suspected criminal activity or contravention of law, for the detection and prevention of fraud, or when required to satisfy the legal or regulatory requirements of governments, regulatory authorities or other self-regulatory organizations; consumer credit bureaus and business reporting companies; third parties who are selling you goods or services where you have requested that we finance the purchase; third parties, such as other creditors, when you have specifically authorized us to disclose your information; third parties in order to comply with a court order or other legal process; or third parties in order to protect our assets (for example, collection of overdue accounts).5. your rights with respect to personal informationRight to Know: You may submit a request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we collect, the sources from which we collect that personal information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information, categories of third parties with which we share personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, or to access information related to an automated decision. You also have the right to know criteria used to determine the period of time for which we intend to retain each category of personal information, including sensitive personal information. Right to Delete Data: You may submit a request that we delete or remove certain personal information that we may have collected about you, as long as we are not otherwise obligated or permitted to retain or use that information for a lawful purpose. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection. Right to Correct: You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we may have about you. Right to Non-Discrimination: You have the right to be free from discrimination for exercising your CCPA privacy rights. Rights Related to the Sale and Sharing of your Personal Information: You have the right to be notified at or before the point of collection what categories of sensitive personal information the Bank collects about you and the purposes for which it is collected or used, and whether your personal information is “sold” or “shared” as those terms are defined in the CCPA and to opt out of such sale or sharing; BMO does not sell your personal information or share your sensitive personal information as defined under the CCPA. BMO may share limited information with third parties in order to better personalize advertising that may be of interest to you. Right to Opt-Out: Whenever feasible, recognizes Global Privacy Control (“”) signals that are transmitted by web browsers. That means that if you use a web browser with enabled, our websites will treat that signal as a valid request to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for that web browser. For more information about , please visit Global Privacy Control . To opt out of sharing, you can also select “Your California Privacy Choices” on the footer of the Privacy website. If you use different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each and every time you clear your cookies. In addition, you can opt out of certain advertising using the instructions in our Digital Privacy Policy 6. submitting requests under the ccpa 6. submitting requests under the c c p a visiting this website and completing the form; or calling us at 1-888-340-2265 Verification and Time for Completion: Please note that identities of individuals submitting requests under this Policy must first be verified to protect you and BMO from fraud and identity theft. We verify consumer request(s) by comparing information you provide with information we maintain or possess on file. As part of this process, you may be asked to provide certain identifying information, which we will use for the purpose of verifying your identity, only. Please note that for certain requests, we reserve the right to ask you to provide us with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury affirming that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. All requests typically will be fulfilled within forty‐five (45) days of submission. If we need an extension for up to an additional 45 days in order to process your request, we will provide you with an explanation for the delay.Designating an Agent: If you wish to designate an authorized agent to submit a CCPA request on your behalf, you must provide us with a written and signed declaration (i) explaining that you intend to designate an authorized agent to assert your rights under CCPA, (ii) identifying by name and address the intended authorized agent, (iii) stating the specific right(s) you intend to have the agent assert on your behalf, and (iv) stating that you consent to the designated agent receiving personal information about you, the requestor. Alternatively, you may also provide us with legal documents demonstrating that you have designated another individual with power of attorney. Individuals wishing to designate an authorized agent must provide their written and signed declaration or other supporting documents to Designating an Agent: If you wish to designate an authorized agent to submit a C C P A request on your behalf, you must provide us with a written and signed declaration (i) explaining that you intend to designate an authorized agent to assert your rights under C C P A, (ii) identifying by name and address the intended authorized agent, (iii) stating the specific right(s) you intend to have the agent assert on your behalf, and (iv) stating that you consent to the designated agent receiving personal information about you, the requestor. Alternatively, you may also provide us with legal documents demonstrating that you have designated another individual with power of attorney. Individuals wishing to designate an authorized agent must provide their written and signed declaration or other supporting documents to privacy.matters@bmo.com prior to the submission of a request by the designated agent. 7. children and minors’ privacy8. Retention period Other important information: BMO is committed to protecting your personal information and privacy. We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this Policy from time to time, and as our services and use of personal information evolves. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage at B M O is committed to protecting your personal information and privacy. We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this Policy from time to time, and as our services and use of personal information evolves. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage at bmo.com/privacy . You can tell if this Policy has changed by checking the effective date that appears at the top of this Policy. We will update the date of this Policy each calendar year or each time it is changed. contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices or the privacy of your personal Information, please contact us at privacy.matters@bmo.com . You can also raise questions or concerns about our privacy practices by visiting one of our branches. Have Questions? Contact usSign up for Investor Relations eAlertsRead our FAQs Contact Us Banking products and services are subject to bank and credit approval and are provided in the United States by BMO Harris Bank N.A. Member FDIC . NMLS 401052 NMLS 401052 Notice to Customers To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law (USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 signed into law October 26, 2001)) requires all financial organizations to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask you to provide a copy of your driver's license or other identifying documents. For each business or entity that opens an account, we will ask for your name, address and other information that will allow us to identify the entity. We may also ask you to provide a copy of your certificate of incorporation (or similar document) or other identifying documents. The information you provide in this form may be used to perform a credit check and verify your identity by using internal sources and third party vendors. If the requested information is not provided within 30 calendar days, the account will be subject to closure. Third party web sites may have privacy and security policies different from BMO. Links to other web sites do not imply the endorsement or approval of such web sites. Please review the privacy and security policies of web sites reached through links from BMO web sites. This information is not intended to be tax or legal advice. This information cannot be used by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding tax penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer. This information is being used to support the promotion or marketing of the planning strategies discussed herein. BMO Harris Bank N.A. and its affiliates do not provide legal or tax advice to clients.You should review your particular circumstances with your independent legal and tax advisors. Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY CHOICES For California Residents: Strictly necessary Strictly necessary cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around a website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, certain services you may have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the Internet. Share of Personal Information Share of Personal Information This will opt you out of sharing your personal information under California law. It is specific to the device and browser you use. If you use different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each. In addition, because this opt-out is facilitated via cookies, if you clear your cookies you will need to opt out again. To learn more refer to our CCPA Policy and our Digital Privacy Policy . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy at BMO At BMO, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard non-public personal information about you. For more information on how BMO protects your information: Ver referencia de nuestro Código de Privacidad de BMO – Estados Unidos Ver referencia de nuestro Politica de Privacidad de Estados Unidos Ver referencia de nuestro Política de Privacidad Digital Ver referencia de nuestro Política de Privacidad del Consumidor de California Please Note: You can visit our site without providing us with any personal information about yourself to find out about our company history, our products and services, and our career opportunities. pop-up window Contact Us Banking products and services are subject to bank and credit approval and are provided in the United States by BMO Harris Bank N.A. Member FDIC . NMLS 401052 NMLS 401052 Notice to Customers To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law (USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 signed into law October 26, 2001)) requires all financial organizations to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask you to provide a copy of your driver's license or other identifying documents. For each business or entity that opens an account, we will ask for your name, address and other information that will allow us to identify the entity. We may also ask you to provide a copy of your certificate of incorporation (or similar document) or other identifying documents. The information you provide in this form may be used to perform a credit check and verify your identity by using internal sources and third party vendors. If the requested information is not provided within 30 calendar days, the account will be subject to closure. Third party web sites may have privacy and security policies different from BMO. Links to other web sites do not imply the endorsement or approval of such web sites. Please review the privacy and security policies of web sites reached through links from BMO web sites. This information is not intended to be tax or legal advice. This information cannot be used by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding tax penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer. This information is being used to support the promotion or marketing of the planning strategies discussed herein. BMO Harris Bank N.A. and its affiliates do not provide legal or tax advice to clients. You should review your particular circumstances with your independent legal and tax advisors. Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY CHOICES For California Residents: Strictly necessary Strictly necessary cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around a website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, certain services you may have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the Internet. Share of Personal Information Share of Personal Information This will opt you out of sharing your personal information under California law. It is specific to the device and browser you use. If you use different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each. In addition, because this opt-out is facilitated via cookies, if you clear your cookies you will need to opt out again. To learn more refer to our CCPA Policy and our Digital Privacy Policy . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelBMO Digital Privacy Policy This Policy replaces and supersedes BMO's Bank of Montreal’s Online and Mobile Privacy Policies for Canada and the U.S. “Personal Information” is information about you that you provided to us or information we collected from other sources such as credit reporting agencies, and includes your name, address, age, financial data, Social Insurance Number/Social Security Number, employment information, and other information that could be used to identify you. Each time you use our Services, you are indicating your acknowledgement and consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you collected through our Services as set forth in this Policy and subject to applicable law. We may revise this Policy periodically at any time. We will let you know of any changes by posting a revised Policy on our website with a new effective date. The Services are not intended for children under 13, and children under 13 should not provide Personal Information online without a parent or guardian’s consent. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child under the age of 13 has provided us with their information, please contact us . Information that we collect We may collect Personal Information or other data when you use our Services, including when you apply to open an account online, fill out a contact form, log in online, use the mobile applications, receive our digital communications or schedule an appointment. Depending on the Services you are using, data may or may not be personally identifiable. Data that we may collect includes: Transactional Information about your use of our products and services.Information about or on your Device:Location information about your device’s approximate physical location for purposes such as validating your identity, the prevention, suppression or detection of crime, and to enhance the functionality of a service, for example locating a nearby BMO B M O branch. Our ability to access location information is controlled by your device. Please refer to the user guide and settings for your device regarding how to allow, block, or limit the collection of location information. If you choose not to provide location information, some Services may not operate effectively. Information about your operating system, browser, IP address, geolocation, security status and other similar device information in order to improve your experience, and/or to protect against fraud and manage risk.Your contact list information to facilitate digital payments. You can turn this access on or off. Website Use Information such as browsing behavior on BMO B M O websites, links and locations you select, form data and downloads, as well as other data gathered from the use of web tools (for example, Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons) to better understand your interests and needs so that we can serve you better. BMO B M O Other Information such as feedback you may provide to us, answers to surveys and questionnaires, and use of online tools and calculators. Purposes for the use and disclosure of personal information We may use and disclose your Personal Information that is collected through our Services in accordance with applicable law and our Privacy Codes to: Verify your identity;Ensure we have accurate information about you;Understand your financial needs (including your eligibility for products and services you requested or accepted or were pre-approved for);To manage our relationship;Protect against fraud and manage other risks;Communicate with you regarding products and services that may be of interest;Understand our customers, including through analytics, and to develop and tailor our products and services; Comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or as permitted by law; andRespond to questions you may have.How we use cookies and tracking tools We and/or our service providers may use various tools, such as Cookies, Pixel Tags, Web Beacons and device IDs identifications on our websites, mobile applications, in our emails and advertisements, for analytics, personalization and advertising purposes. These tools help us capture user activity for analysis to better understand use and effectiveness of the websites, ads, and emails; show relevant information; enhance user experience; and provide additional security controls. Cookies are a string of data used to help remember information about website visitors, sent between a server and a web browser to, for example, help facilitate the use of a website (for example, by remembering a user’s preferences or language) and to help understand how a website is being used and in our emails to monitor user activity. Cookies are a common technology and most web browsers automatically accept cookies by default. If you decide that you do not wish to accept cookies, refer to your browser’s settings or online help for further instruction and information on setting and clearing cookie preferences.Because cookies are generally browser-specific, your choices will need to be applied to each web browser you use. If you would like to use our Services you will be required to accept these cookies to maintain session integrity and enhanced security. The cookies that we use on our websites can be categorized into the following groups: Strictly necessary cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around a website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, certain services you may have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the Internet. Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they receive error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how a website works. Functionality cookies allow a website to remember choices you make (such as your username, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, font and other preferences on web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have requested, such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect may not always be anonymous and by using our websites, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Marketing and Advertising cookies allow us and our partners to provide you personalized, interest-based advertising, which could include geolocated advertising.Pixels: Our emails may contain a single, campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us whether our emails have been opened and, combined with other technology, verify any selection on the links within our email(s). We may use this information for determining which of our emails are more interesting to you and to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them. The pixel is deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, please select to receive emails from us in plain text rather than HTML H T M L, choose not to select links that we send you, or unsubscribe from the receipt of our emails. Pixel-related information may be connected to your personal identity. BMO B M O Digital Banking Authentication Processes capture and store your device information as well as information you provide in order to confirm your identity each time you visit our secure websites. When you apply for or purchase a new product online, register for a secure online service or activate an existing product, the application you complete may include an online authentication process. The information that you provide in your application may be compared against the information contained in your consumer credit report to validate your identity and authenticate you as the customer. Interest based advertising We and/or our service providers use data collected about you over time across multiple websites or other sources to present targeted ads to you. This data may be collected on our websites and platforms, or the websites and platforms of others. This may include information collected on apps. We and/or our service providers also use this data to help manage and optimize our Services and communications to you. Ads may be for products or services we think are relevant based on your browsing habits, online activities, and/or other information. These ads may be about our products and services, or other companies’ products and services. Interest-based advertising tools do not identify you personally, but are associated with the device being used, such as a computer, smartphone, or tablet device, and your internet activity, in order to serve these ads. BMO B M O works with third-party advertising networks to distribute our advertisements on other websites and mobile applications where we have paid to advertise. You may be able to control these advertisements through the settings on third-party platforms. Our ads may also be served in emails. These advertisements may use tracking technologies to capture certain data, such as your IP I P address, usage information, or your responsiveness to our advertisements. To stop certain online advertising by BMO B M O, please refer to the “Opting out of Online Behavioral Advertising” section, below. Third parties may collect certain information on BMO B M O websites or other sites where BMO B M O advertises. These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect from certain third party websites you may visit.We permit certain third-party partners to collect non-personally identifiable information in order to drive a more tailored off- BMO B M O experience as well as to track the efficiency of said paid partnership. Please note that BMO B M O does not have control over third party partner data collection policies, nor does BMO B M O have any visibility to the individual’s data that is collected. Even when opting out of receiving online ads from BMO B M O or email communications directly from BMO B M O, you may still see advertising in particular environments regardless of the exclusion measures we at BMO B M O can control. Opting out of online behavioural advertisingBMO B M O provides links to third party ad network self-regulatory programs for online behavioral advertising, including the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA D A A) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. The DAA's Digital advertising alliance’s Principles are intended to provide consumers with transparency about the collection and use of data for online behavioral advertising and to promote the consumer’s choice in managing its scope. BMO B M O honors Do Not Track opt-out preferences that you make to participating third party advertising networks that we hire to perform advertising on our behalf. You can learn more about limiting the amount of online and mobile advertising you receive by visiting youradchoices.com (U.S.) or youradchoices.ca (Canada) . Certain BMO B M O ads on third-party websites may display an “Advertising Options” icon that you can select on to learn about your choices. This icon will only appear on certain platforms. You should always review the privacy policy on any third party site you visit. Additionally, you may be able to limit ad tracking on your web browser or mobile apps by adjusting the ad settings on these specific browser or social media/advertising platform (e.g., Google, Adobe). You may still receive online advertisements from us even if you opt out in any of the ways identified above, but they will not be customized based on your choices or behavior. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop because choices you make are browser and device specific. You will need to apply your opt-out preferences to each browser you use. If you delete or clear your browser’s cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Your choices Voluntary Participation: From time to time, you may choose to enter your information in order to participate in online surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other activities that we sponsor. We use this information for a variety of reasons, such as measuring the performance of the website, or identifying products and services that might interest you. All information is used in accordance with the purposes outlined in this Policy and the official rules of the contest or sweepstakes, if applicable. Do not participate in these voluntary activities if you do not want your information used for these purposes. Email Communications: If you prefer not to receive email communications from us, you can unsubscribe by selecting the “Unsubscribe” button provided in the promotional emails you receive from us. Please allow up to 10 business days for us to process your request. However, if you unsubscribe, we may still send you email notifications that are legally required or reply to specific email requests (for example, a notice about an upcoming change affecting your account) about your accounts and services. For Canada Inquiries, please use the contact information provided below. To manage your email preferences, please visit our Canada Subscription Centre . For the U.S., you can use this site to manage your notification preferences for text messages and call our customer care team to help manage email opt-outs/unsubscribe. Other Marketing Preferences: If you have any questions about how your personal information is used here at BMO or want to manage any additional Marketing preference opt-outs, please contact us by calling our customer care team or visiting one of our branch locations. Third Party Links Our websites may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. Also, links to our websites may be featured on third party websites on which we advertise, or in instances that we have not endorsed. We do not manage, and we are not responsible for, the digital marketing and cookie practices of third parties, for example, third party websites linked to/from Bank of MontrealBMO digital channels. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. Contact Us The branch, office or channel where you interact can answer any questions you may have. If your concerns are not resolved, please involve the Manager/Supervisor.Alternatively, contact us at: BMO B M O Office of the Enterprise Chief Privacy Officer 1 First Canadian Place P.O. Box 150, Toronto, ON M5X 1H3 O N M 5 X 1 H 3 We are members of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) Looking for BMO U.S.? We can direct you to the right site. Visit BMO U.S. Looking for BMO U.S.? We can direct you to the right site. Visit BMO U.S.