Update1 22-3-2021 Update version 7.0:: 28-03-2023 • Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep Click here (Dutch version) • Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep Click here (English version) Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep 1. Introduction This Privacy Statement applies to the products and services of FD Mediagroep B.V. and its affiliates or subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are: Het Financieele Dagblad B.V., Business Nieuws Holding B.V. and FD Business B.V. ., all located at Prins Bernhardplein 173, 1097 BL Amsterdam. Hereafter we refer to ourselves as 'we' or 'FDMG'. FD Mediagroep B.V., Prins Bernhardplein 173, 1097 BL Amsterdam is the controller for the processing of personal data, also for its affiliated companies or subsidiaries for the purposes stated in this Privacy Statement. An internal regulation has been drawn up for this purpose. Subsidiary Company.Info B.V. has its own Privacy Statement. In addition to this Privacy Statement, Pensioen Pro uses an additional Privacy Statement for Pensioen Pro Insights. By processing we mean everything that can be done with your personal data, such as collecting, but also storing, using and deleting. Personal data are all data that directly or indirectly say something about you, such as your name, address, account number or e-mail address, but also, for example, the IP address of your computer. In this Privacy Statement we describe for what purposes we process your personal data, which personal data we process, on what legal basis we do so, how we protect your privacy and how you can exercise your privacy rights. If, after reading this Privacy Statement, you still have questions about our use of your personal data, you can always contact us via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. You can also reach the FDMG Data Protection Officer via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Statement will be published on this page. This version is applicable since August 30, 2022 and was last modified on that day. 2. When does this Privacy Statement apply? This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of all data of people who read our newspaper(s) and magazines, use our websites, apps and social media, contact the service desk about this or visit one of our events and have their disclose personal data to us. In addition to the paper publications of the FD Mediagroep, this also concerns the processing of personal data when visiting the websites: www.fd.nl, www.fdmg.nl, www.bnr.nl, , www.energeia.nl, www .pensioenpro.nl, , www.impact-investor.com, l and sub-sites of these websites, related program and event sites and all associated apps. 3. Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data? FD Mediagroep B.V. is responsible for the processing of all personal data that fall within the scope of this Privacy Statement (as described in the introduction). This Privacy Statement states which personal data is collected and used by FDMG, for what purpose and to which persons or entities the data is or can be provided. 4. For what purposes do we process your personal data and what are they? 4.1. When you do business with us Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep a) For concluding and executing agreements When you purchase a product or service from us as a customer, for example because you take out a subscription, online or by telephone, we process your personal data for administrative purposes. such as sending invoices, or to assist you with our customer service. We also use your personal data to provide or manage our products or services, for example to have the newspaper delivered to you or to allow you to log in to our sites. For this purpose, we process your contact details, such as your address and e-mail address, and other personal data, such as name and payment information. We carry out this processing in order to be able to implement an agreement between you and FDMG. In some cases we process your data to comply with laws and regulations, for example from the tax authorities. In those cases, we may need to disclose your personal data to government agencies or supervisory authorities. We do this on the basis of a legal obligation that rests on FDMG. b) For relationship management and marketing As a customer of FDMG, we will regularly send you newsletters about similar products and services that you already purchase from the FD-Mediagroep. If you do not appreciate this, you can always unsubscribe and we will always respect that.In addition, we use the information stored in our subscription and sales databases to make you suitable offers and to send you (personalised) mailings. We also use your personal data for the development, implementation and analysis of market research and marketing strategies. In addition, provided you have given prior permission, we use the information known to us to build a personal profile of you and your interests, supplemented with data that we obtain from third parties, in order to provide targeted, personalized and relevant articles, advertisements and marketing messages from FD. Mediagroep on our websites or through other channels. We also sell available advertising space to advertisers. These third (advertising) parties use personalized target groups to show you appropriate advertisements based on the target groups. For this purpose (relationship management and marketing) we process your contact details, such as your address and e-mail address and personal data such as your name and technical data such as the IP address, MAC address and other information about the equipment with which you receive FDMG expressions. If we approach you with personalized marketing, we always do so only after you have been clearly informed about this in advance and have also given unambiguous permission for this. You can also withdraw that permission at any time. You can manage your consent by adjusting your settings in your FDMG account or by changing your settings in the Consent Management Platform. We base the processing of personal data for non-personalized management and marketing on legitimate interest. We send newsletters and other communications to existing customers to inform them about similar proprietary products or services. In addition, we have taken various measures to prevent the infringement of the privacy of our readers and users as much as possible, and where this cannot be otherwise, to limit the impact as described in this Privacy Statement. We also process your personal data on the same basis when you call or email our customer service. In that case, the basis of 'execution of an agreement' also applies, because Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep our customer service is aimed at ensuring that you receive the content and services that you have ordered. 4.2. When you visit our websites or use apps (also as a non-customer) In addition to the processes described above, we also process personal data to monitor the use of our services and for security purposes. For example, we can register which messages on our sites are shared or read a lot or little. We do this partly to make our website(s) and app(s) function even better with that information, but also because, in the case of business subscriptions, companies would like to know how and how often our reporting is consulted. Provided the employer informs its employees about this in advance, FDMG will, if requested, provide that general usage data in pseudonymised, aggregated form, whereby FDMG expressly ensures that it is never possible for the employer to trace who reads which messages, when. FDMG also processes personal data to detect any misuse, for example sharing personal login codes contrary to our general terms and conditions, and to be able to enforce them. For this purpose, in addition to the aforementioned personal data and data that you may have entered yourself, we also use data that is automatically generated by the functionalities you have used on our website(s) or app(s) and the technical data of your device, such as the IP address, the internet browser you use, the pages you have visited on our website(s) or app(s), your clicking and surfing behavior and the length of your (listening) sessions. We collect this data on the basis of the permission you have given us or on the basis of our legitimate interest. 4.3. If you have created a personal account On some FDMG website(s) you can create a personal account (FDMG account). You can also set, for example, that you wish to receive push messages. You also share personal data with us, for example your telephone number, and we process this. We do this processing on the basis of the permission you gave us in advance and unambiguously when you created an account for this. Naturally, you can always change or delete the data provided, as well as withdraw consent. 4.4. If you fill in a profile On some of the FDMG websites (such as Pensioen Pro) companies or entrepreneurs can create and/or enrich profiles in order to show their company data to visitors. That data can also sometimes be personal data.The relevant subsidiary or entity has contractually agreed with the users of those profiles that it is not responsible in those situations for the lawfulness of the use of that personal data and the possible invasion of the data subject's privacy. The user has guaranteed to the relevant subsidiary or entity that he has obtained consent for the processing of that data. If this is not the case, you can report this via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl and we will have the data removed immediately. 4.5. If you participate in our surveys, etc. We regularly ask our users to participate in surveys, via email or social media, to assess, analyze and where necessary improve new products and services based on user experiences. You are sometimes asked to enter personal data about yourself and in doing so you also give us permission to process that data for the stated purpose. We will not use that information for any other purpose. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep 5. Cookies We collect some of the personal data mentioned above by means of 'cookies'. These are small files of information that store and retrieve information about your visit to our website(s) - for example how you arrived at our site, how you navigated the site and what information was of interest to you. More information about cookies and similar techniques and their use can be found on the relevant website or app. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep 6. Who has access to your personal data? 6.1 Within the FDMG organization The personal data obtained by FDMG can be exchanged with the subsidiaries of the group. We share data from your user account internally for administrative purposes and so that we have a complete overview of your contacts and contracts with the FDMG group. We can also exchange your data internally in order to offer you a complete package of services and products. To this end, FDMG stores the personal data in a shared data warehouse. That data warehouse is located within the European Union. Our employees only have access to that personal data to the extent necessary to perform their work. 6.2. Outside the FDMG organization In some cases we are legally obliged to share data with third parties, such as the tax authorities. Furthermore, we will only provide personal data to third parties after we have requested your permission and if this is really necessary for our services, whereby we will comply with all requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The following categories of parties have access to your personal data, if applicable, for the provision of their products or services to us: banks, insurance companies, IT service providers, advertisers and advertising agencies, product support, payment partners, trade information agencies, call centers, collection agencies, market research agencies and other service providers. The parties that receive access to your data from us may only use it in their capacity as processors for FDMG, see below, unless they themselves are responsible for obtaining and protecting your data. FDMG has taken the necessary measures to guarantee that the data will only be processed by processing parties if this is necessary and only on the explicit instructions of FDMG and that such processing is provided with the required privacy guarantees. 6.3. Use of your personal data by processors When a third party processes your personal data at our request and according to our instructions, that party acts as a processor. We enter into an agreement with such a processor for the processing of personal data. This agreement contains obligations to ensure that your personal data is only processed by the processor or possibly contracted third parties (sub-processors), only for the services it provides to us and that it complies with all requirements of laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation. 7. How is the protection of your personal data guaranteed? FDMG has taken safeguards to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data. We have implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing. Examples are an ISO 27001 certified IT security policy, staff training, secure servers and a protocol against possible data leaks.Waar uw gegevens buiten de EER worden gedeeld, hebben wij de passende waarborgen Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep getroffen voor dergelijke gegevensoverdrachten. 8. Hoe lang worden uw persoonsgegevens bewaard? Uw persoonsgegevens worden verwijderd of anoniem gemaakt wanneer uw persoonsgegevens niet langer nodig zijn voor de doeleinden waarvoor deze persoonsgegevens worden verwerkt. 9. Hoe kan u uw privacy-rechten uitoefenen? U heeft het recht op inzage van een overzicht van uw persoonsgegevens en, onder bepaalde voorwaarden, rectificatie en/of verwijdering van uw persoonsgegevens zoals die door ons gebruikt worden. Daar komt bij dat u in bepaalde gevallen ook het recht heeft op beperking van de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens, het recht op bezwaar tegen de verwerking en het recht op dataportabiliteit. Om uw recht op inzage, rectificatie, verwijdering, beperking, bezwaar of dataportabiliteit in te roepen, neemt u contact met ons op via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. Wij kunnen additionele informatie vragen ter verificatie van uw identiteit bij het inroepen van deze rechten. Als u toestemming heeft gegeven voor het verwerken van uw persoonsgegevens voor een bepaald doel, dan kan u deze toestemming te allen tijde ook weer intrekken. Het intrekken van uw toestemming heeft geen terugwerkende kracht. Ook hierover kunt u contact opnemen met ons via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. 10. Kunt u een klacht indienen? Mocht u ontevreden zijn over het gebruik van uw persoonsgegevens door FDMG dan kunt u te allen tijde contact opnemen met onze Functionaris Gegevensbescherming via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl of een klacht indienen bij de Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep: English version 1. Introduction This Privacy Statement applies to the products and services of FD Mediagroep B.V. and its affiliated companies or subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are: Het Financieele Dagblad B.V., Business Nieuws Holding B.V. and FD Business B.V., all located at Prins Bernhardplein 173, 1097 BL Amsterdam. Hereafter to be referred to as "FDMG", "we", "us" or "our". FD Mediagroep B.V., Prins Bernhardplein 173, 1097 BL Amsterdam is the controller with regards to the processing of personal data, also on behalf of its affiliated companies or subsidiaries for the purposes stated in this Privacy Statement. Internal regulations have been drawn up for this purpose. Subsidiary Company.Info B.V. has its own Privacy Statement. Pensioen Pro uses an additional Privacy Statement, alongside this Privacy Statement, for Pensioen Pro Insights. We understand "processing" to include everything that can be done with your personal data, such as collecting, but also storing, using and deleting. Personal data includes all data that directly or indirectly provide information about you, such as your name, address, bankaccount number or email address, but also the IP address of your computer, for example. In this Privacy Statement we describe for which purposes we process your personal data, which personal information we process, on what legal grounds we do so, how we protect your privacy and how you can exercise your privacy rights. If, after reading this Privacy Statement, you have any questions about our use of your personal data, you are always welcome to contact us at privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. You can also reach the Data Protection Officer of FDMG via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Statement will be published on this page. This current version is effective as of August 30, 2022 and was last modified on that day. 2. When is this Privacy Statement applicable? This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of the data of all of the people who read our newspaper(s) and magazines, who use our websites, apps and social media-outlets, who contact the service desk or visit one of our events and who disclose their personal data to us there. This Privacy Statement is therefor not only applicable to our use of your personal data in relation to the paper publications of FD Mediagroep, but it this also concerns the processing of personal data upon visiting the websites: www.fd.nl, www.fdmg.nl, www.bnr.nl, , www.energeia.nl, www.pensioenpro.nl, , www.impact-investor.com, and sub-sites of these websites, related programme and event sites and all associated apps. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep 3. Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data? FD Mediagroep B.V. is responsible for the processing of all personal data that falls within the scope of this Privacy Statement (as described in the introduction). This Privacy Statement lists which personal data are collected and used by FDMG, for what purpose, and to which persons or entities the data are or can be disclosed. 4. For what purposes do we process your personal data and which data does this comprise? 4.1.When you engage in business with us a) For the conclusion and performance of a contract When you as a customer purchase a product or service from us, for example when you take out a subscription, online or by telephone, we process your personal data for administrative purposes, e.g., sending invoices, or providing assistance to you by our customer service. We also use your personal data to deliver or administer our products or services, e.g., delivering the newspaper to your address or allowing you to log in to our sites. For this purpose we process your contact details, such as your address and email address, and other personal data, such as name and payment information. We are carrying out these processing operations in order to be able to execute an agreement between you and FDMG. In some cases, we process your data to comply with laws and regulations, for example of tax authorities. In those incidents, we may need to disclose your personal data to government agencies or supervisory authorities. We do this on the ground of a legal obligation that lies with FDMG. b) For relationship management and marketing As a customer of FDMG, you will regularly receive newsletters about products and services similar to those you already purchased from FDMG. If you do not want this, you can unsubscribe at any moment and we will always respect your choice. Furthermore, we use the information stored in our subscription and sales databases to make you suitable offers and to be able to send you (personalised) mailings. We also use your personal data for the development, execution and analysis of market research and marketing strategies. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep In addition, if you have agreed to this prior to use, we build a personal profile of you and your interests with the information we have that pertains to you, in addition to information which we get from other sources, in order to be able to display personalised, relevant articles, advertisements and promotion of FD Mediagroup products and services on our websites or through other channels. We also sell available advertising space to advertisers. These third (advertising) parties use personalised target groups to show you appropriate advertisements guided by the target groups. For these purposes (relationship management and marketing) we process your contact details, such as your address and email address, and personal information, such as your name, and technical data, such as the IP address, MAC address and other information about the equipment with which you are receiving FDMG communications. If we approach you with personalised marketing, this will always only be done after you were clearly informed about this in advance and have clearly given your consent to do so. You can revoke your consent at any time. You can manage your consent by adjusting your settings in your FDMG account or by changing your settings in the Consent Management Platform. For the processing of personal data for non-personalised administration and marketing we base our conduct on the principle of legitimate interests. We send newsletters and other communications to existing customers to inform them about similar, FDMG products and services. In doing so, we have taken various measures to prevent infringement upon the privacy of our readers and users as much as possible, and where there is no other option, to limit the impact as much as possible as described in this Privacy Statement. On the same basis, we also process your personal data when you call or email our customer service. In this case, the "performance of a contract" principle also applies, because our customer service is aimed at ensuring that you receive the content and services you have ordered. 4.2. When you visit our websites or use our apps (also as a non-customer) In addition to the aforementioned processes, we also process personal data to monitor the user behaviour of our services and for security reasons. We are able to register which items on our sites are shared or read a great number of times, and which ones very rarely, for example. We do this partly to make our website(s) and app(s) function even better, using that data, but also because in the case of company subscriptions companies want to know in what way and how frequently our news is consulted. Provided that the employer informs their employees about this in advance, FDMG will provide these general usage data in pseudonymised, aggregated form on request to the employer, whereby FDMG explicitly ensures that it is never possible for the employer to trace who read which articles or when. FDMG also processes personal data in order to detect abuse, for example the sharing of personal login codes in violation of our general terms and conditions, and to be able to enforce these terms.For this purpose, in addition to the aforementioned personal data and data that you may have provided yourself, we also use data that are automatically generated by the functionalities you have accessed on our website(s) or app(s) and the technical data of your device, such as the IP address, the internet browser you use, the pages you have visited on our website(s) or app(s), your clicking and surfing behaviour and the length of your (audio) sessions. We collect and process these data for this purpose on the basis of 'consent', if given, or on the basis of 'legitimate interest'. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep 4.3. If you have created a personal account On several FDMG websites you can create a personal account (FDMG account). You can also choose that you wish to receive push notifications, for example. Then you are also sharing personal data with us, for example your telephone number, and we process these data. We do this processing on the basis of the consent you have given, in advance and informed, when you created an account. You can of course always change or delete the information provided, as well as withdraw your consent. 4.4. When you enter information in a profile On some of the FDMG websites (like Pensioen Pro), companies or entrepreneurs can create and/or enhance profiles in order to display their company data to visitors. These data also may sometimes be personal data. The relevant subsidiary or entity has contractually agreed with the users of those profiles that in those situations it is not responsible for the legitimacy of the use of that personal data and the possible infringement of the privacy of the data subject. The user has provided the relevant subsidiary or entity with a guarantee that it has obtained consent for the processing of these data. If this is not the case, please report this to privacy@fdmediagroep.nl and we will have the data deleted immediately. 4.5. When you participate in our surveys, etc. We regularly ask our users to participate in surveys, via email or social media, to assess, analyse and where necessary improve new products and services in response to user experiences. Upon participation in such a survey you are sometimes asked to enter your personal data and you thereby also are giving consent to process these data for the stated purpose. We will not use that information for any other purpose. 5. Cookies We collect some of the personal data mentioned above by means of "cookies". These are small data files that store and retrieve data about your visit to our website(s) - for example, how you arrived at our site, how you navigated the site, and what information was of interest to you. More information about cookies and related technologies and their use can be found on the respective website or app. 6. Who has access to your personal data? 6.1 Within the FDMG organisation The personal data obtained by FDMG can be exchanged with the subsidiaries of the FDMG group. We share your user account data internally for administrative purposes and in order to have a Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep comprehensive overview of your contacts and contracts with FDMG. We may also share your data internally in order to offer you a complete package of services and products. To this end, FDMG stores the personal data in a single, central data warehouse. That data warehouse is located within the European Union. Our employees only have access to that personal data to the extent necessary to perform their work. 6.2. Outside the FDMG organisation In some occasions we are legally obliged to share data with third parties, such as the tax authorities. Except if legal obligations apply, we will only provide personal data to third parties after we have sought your consent and when this is really necessary for providing our service, whereby we will comply with all the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The following categories have access to your personal data, when appropriate, for the delivery of their products and services to us: banks, insurance companies, IT service providers, advertising agencies, product support, payment partners, trade information agencies, call centres, debt collection agencies, market research agencies and other service providers. The parties who gain access to your data from us may only use it in their capacity as processors for FDMG, see below, unless they themselves take up responsibility for obtaining and protecting your data. FDMG has taken the necessary measures to guarantee that the data are only processed by processing parties when this is necessary and only at the explicit instruction of FDMG and that this processing is protected by the required privacy guarantees. 6.3. Use of your personal data by processors When a third party processes your personal data at our request and according to our instructions, this party is acting as a processor as defined in the GDPR.We have a contract with each processor for the processing of personal data. This contract contains obligations to ensure that your personal data are processed exclusively by the processor or possibly contracted third parties (sub- processors), exclusively for the services they provide to us and that they will meet all requirements set by laws and regulations, as stated by the General Data Protection Regulation for example. 7. How is the protection of your personal data guaranteed? FDMG has established safeguards to guarantee the confidentiality and security of your personal data. We have implemented appropriate technical, physical and organisational measures to protect personal data from accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, damage, modification, unauthorised disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing. Examples are an ISO 27001 certified IT security policy, training of personnel, secure servers and a protocol against possible data leaks. If your data are shared outside of the EEA, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for such data transfers. Privacy Statement FD Mediagroep 8. How long will your personal data be stored? Your personal data will be deleted or anonymised when your personal data are no longer required for the purposes for which these personal data were being processed. 9. How can you exercise your privacy rights? You have the right of access to an overview of your personal data and, under certain conditions, you can rectify and/or delete your personal data such as being used by us. In addition, in certain cases you also have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data, the right to object to the processing, and the right to data portability. To invoke your right of access, rectification, deletion, restriction, objection or data portability, please contact us at privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. We may require additional information to verify your identity when invoking these rights. If you have given consent for the processing of your personal data for a specific purpose, you can withdraw this consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent is not retroactively effective. You can always contact us about this at privacy@fdmediagroep.nl. 10. Can you file a complaint? If you are unhappy with the use of your personal data by FDMG, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at any time via privacy@fdmediagroep.nl or submit a complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority.