Online privacy notice This privacy notice applies to user interaction with the Bureau of Meteorology’s website ( www.bom.gov.au ). For further information about our agency’s privacy practices and your rights, see the full Bureau Privacy Policy or contact: FOI & Privacy Coordinator Bureau of Meteorology People Management Branch GPO Box 1289 MELBOURNE VIC 3001 Tel: 03 9616 8428 Email: privacy@bom.gov.au Overview We may collect personal information when you use our website or email us where it is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, the performance of our functions or activities. Personal information is defined as information about an identifiable individual, or someone who can be reasonably identified. Personal information you provide us online via our website or email When you use our online subscription and feedback forms, or email us we will record and use your personal information (including your email address) for the purpose for which you provided it. Only authorised staff will have access to your personal information. We will not disclose your personal information without your express or implied consent, unless an exception under the Privacy Act applies. Please be aware that as the Internet is an unsecure medium, there is a risk that unencrypted information submitted via our online forms or email may be intercepted, read or modified. If you prefer not to contact us online, you can contact us by phone or mail . Site visit data When you visit our website a record of your visit is logged. The following information is collected from your browser and recorded for statistical purposes: the type of browser you are usingthe date and time of your visityour top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.)the address of the referring siteyour server’s IP address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet: usually one of your service provider’s machines)the addresses of the pages you access and any documents downloaded. We record this data to maintain our server and improve our services. We do not use this information to personally identify you unless an exception under the Privacy Act applies, including where we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body. Cookies and Web beacons The Bureau uses cookies, web beacons and measurement software and tools on this websites and other government website and we allow our services providers and third parties such as our analytics, advertising or ad serving partners to do so. We use and disclose the information collected through the use of cookies, web beacons and measurement software and tools in accordance with this Privacy Act. This includes using the information to report statistics, analyse trends, administer our services, diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services. We may allow other third parties to use their own cookies and web beacons to collect information about your visit to this website and other government website. We may combine information collected through the cookies and web beacons on this websites and other government website with information collected by third parties using their own cookie and web beacon, to provide better or more relevant services and advertising to you on this websites and other government website. Our service providers and other third parties may do the same in order to provide more relevant services and advertising to you through other websites that you may visit. Cookie Choice If you do not wish to have information collected through the use of cookies, web beacons or measurement software and tools, you can delete or reject cookies through your browser setting or the settings section of your mobile or tablet device. Disabling cookies may cause some of the functions on this websites and other government website to not function correctly. Google analytics In addition to web server logs, our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Reports obtained from Google Analytics are used to help improve the efficiency and usability of our website. Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyse how users use our website. The information generated by the cookie about this (including IP addresses) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers around the world. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for site operators and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process information on Google's behalf.Google will not associate user IP addresses with any other data held by Google. You can opt out of the collection of information via Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out browser add on . However, by using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For further information please refer to Google's Privacy Policy at: http://www.google.com/privacy.html Searches Search terms that you enter into the search engine on our website are recorded, but there is no link made between search terms and your personal details. The search terms you use are not associated with any other information that we collect. We use this information for statistical means to ascertain what people are looking for on our website and to improve the services that we provide. Links to other sites Our website contains links to other sites, for example to Facebook and YouTube. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these linked sites and have no knowledge of whether cookies or other tracking devices are used on these linked sites. Similarly, some products used on our website are provided by an external internet service provider. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any external provider. If you have any concerns regarding your privacy when visiting a linked site or using an external product, you should review the relevant external privacy policy. Revision of this statement From time to time, we will review and revise this statement. We reserve the right to amend this statement at any time and any amendments will be notified by posting an updated version on our website at www.bom.gov.au This statement was last updated on 12 March 2014. BOM Weather App We may collect and hold information about you when you use the BOM Weather app or widget. Why we collect information The Bureau's mission is to provide trusted, reliable and responsive weather, water, climate and ocean services for Australia - all day, every day. We may need to collect personal information about you when you use this app in order to perform and administer our functions. What information we collect If you install and use the BOM Weather app, some information about your device (e.g. model, operating system) and how you are using the app will be collected via web analytics. If you select the "Current location" function, then we will also collect details of the location of your device while the app is open. If you add the BOM Weather app widget and select the 'current location' function for the widget, we will collect details of the location of your device including when the app is closed or running in the background. How we use this information We will only use this information for the particular purpose for which it was collected. For the BOM Weather app, this means that we use this information to ensure the app is optimised for specific device models and operating systems, to inform updates and improvements to the design and delivery of content in the app, and to provide you with information about weather in your current location, where you have selected this option. We may also use information from web analytics to optimise the effectiveness of our online advertising. Privacy impact assessments register Privacy impact Assessment reference number Project name Brief description of project Commencement date 20190321 Travel and expense management tool The implementation of SAP concur as a travel and expense management tool. 4/4/19 20190326 Transition to Digital Personnel History records The transition from hard-copy to digital record-keeping in relation to Personnel Files. 20/5/19 20191218 Organisational Charting Tool The implementation of Org.Manager for the Organisation Charting Tool Project. 30/1/20 20200424 Recruitment and Onboarding Tool The implementation of the Recruitment and Onboarding uplift using Acendre software. 16/7/20 This register is up to date as at: 1 July 2022. WarningsGraphical Views MetEye™FacebookTwitterYoutubeBlogInstagramRSS This page was created at 01:03 on Wednesday 16 August 2023 © Copyright Commonwealth of Australia 2023, Bureau of Meteorology (ABN 92 637 533 532) | CRICOS Provider 02015K | Disclaimer | Privacy | Accessibility