JavaScript is required Please enable JavaScript in your browser before using Citrix Receiver. About Third Party Notices © 2016 Citrix Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Favorites Desktops Apps Preferences Help About Refresh Favorites Desktops Apps Tasks Menu Menu All Categories Add To Favorites Remove FAQ Logging off... Cookies Disabled Resuming logon, please wait. Do you want to change your password? Third Party Notices © 2016 Citrix Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Install Citrix Receiver to access your applications I agree with the Citrix license agreement SECURITY INFORMATION Whenever you download a file over the Internet, there is always a risk that it will contain a security threat (a virus or a program that can damage your computer and the data stored on it). To check the file for security threats, click Install and then save the file to a suitable location on your computer. Scan the file with an up-to-date antivirus program and carry out any other checks required by your corporate security policy before running/installing the file. You may need to reconfigure the security settings on your computer to install or run the file. CITRIX(R) LICENSE AGREEMENT Use of this component is subject to the Citrix license or terms of service covering the Citrix product(s) or service(s) with which you will be using this component. This component is licensed for use only with such Citrix product(s) or service(s). CTX_code EP_T_A124358 Software not detected Citrix Receiver cannot be detected on your computer. If you know Citrix Receiver is installed, click Continue. If you need assistance, contact your help desk. Install Citrix Receiver to access your applications Please wait while the download process begins. After Citrix Receiver is installed, click Continue . Install Citrix Receiver to access your applications SECURITY INFORMATION Allowing the ActiveX control to run will install software on your computer. Welcome to Citrix Receiver If you do not want to detect/install Citrix Receiver you can use the light version, with fewer features, in your browser. I agree with the Citrix license agreement SECURITY INFORMATION Whenever you download a file over the Internet, there is always a risk that it will contain a security threat (a virus or a program that can damage your computer and the data stored on it). To check the file for security threats, click Install and then save the file to a suitable location on your computer. Scan the file with an up-to-date antivirus program and carry out any other checks required by your corporate security policy before running/installing the file. You may need to reconfigure the security settings on your computer to install or run the file. CITRIX(R) LICENSE AGREEMENT Use of this component is subject to the Citrix license or terms of service covering the Citrix product(s) or service(s) with which you will be using this component. This component is licensed for use only with such Citrix product(s) or service(s). CTX_code EP_T_A124358 Downloading Citrix Receiver... Please wait while we confirm that Citrix Receiver was installed...