Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources LAST UPDATED March 16, 2022 What is the CCPA? The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (which amends the CCPA) impose obligations on businesses that are subject to them, and give residents of California certain rights over personal information that a business collects about them. Your rights under the CCPA If you are a California resident, the CCPA and CPRA give you the right to: Know what personal information a business collects about you, and how it is used and sharedDelete personal information collected from you (subject to exceptions such as if a business is legally required to keep the personal information)Opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal informationNon-discrimination when exercising CCPA rightsCorrect inaccurate personal informationLimit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information Does Brave collect information subject to CCPA / CPRA? Under our commitment to privacy, Brave does not buy, sell, or otherwise trade in personal information. Brave only collects personal information in limited circumstances when it is necessary to provide a service, not because it is desirable. When we do collect personal information we minimise what is needed. Some examples of when we do process personal information include when an individual: Provides it to register for a premium service, such as Brave Firewall + VPN or Brave Talk Provides it to obtain customer supportTakes part in beta trials of the Brave browser and servicesTakes part in consumer researchSigns up for a Brave Creators account You can find more information about the categories of personal information we collect and process about you, and why, under our main privacy policy for the Brave Browser. You can find other associated privacy statements under the Privacy Policy heading in the footer of the brave.com homepage . How can I exercise my CCPA / CPRA rights with Brave? To exercise your rights under the CCPA and CPRA, or to inquire about our privacy practices, please email privacy@brave.com . Please consider that we do not buy or sell personal information, so there is nothing to opt-out of. When submitting a request it would be helpful to indicate the context in which you believe we are processing personal information about you—for example, that you subscribed to a premium rate service, contacted Brave support, or signed up for a Brave Creators account. This will help us handle your enquiry more quickly and efficiently. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc.| All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources What are the best private browsers to protect your online privacy? Last updated See all articles Ever been browsing the Internet, seen an ad for some random product, then had ads for that same thing follow you to other sites? Of course you have—the Big Tech economy is totally reliant on watching and tracking your browsing habits so it can sell highly targeted ad space. If that makes you uncomfortable, you’re not alone. More and more people are turning to private browsers to block this annoying—and invasive—fact of the modern Web. But there are so many options to choose from… What’s the best private browser? Let’s explore. Key considerations when choosing a private browser Most often, you access websites through a Web browser (mobile apps being one notable exception). That makes privacy-first browsers one of the most effective ways to block tracking. In general, there are two main things to consider when picking a browser. The first is how well your browser protects you from unwanted identification and cross-site tracking. These tools allow ad-tech companies to build a profile on you, and “personalize” their ads so they’re more likely to catch your attention. The second thing to consider is what the browser itself does with your data. Most browsers are built by companies that earn huge profits from advertising; Google and Microsoft are two prime examples. Common ways to browse more privately Instead of using a truly private browser, many users turn to easy alternatives like their browser’s Incognito (or “private”) mode , or by installing privacy extensions . Unfortunately, these both fall short of expectations. Incognito mode: how it works, and its limitations Almost every browser has a native version of Chrome’s well-known Incognito (or “private”) mode. And most people assume their browsing activity is hidden when they use an Incognito tab. Unfortunately, this isn’t completely true. Incognito mode does give you fresh storage, which can prevent most forms of cross site tracking (as long as you don’t use the same private window for a long period of time). But Incognito doesn’t completely hide your actions from online third-parties; Big Tech can still see what you’re browsing. With Incognito, the “privacy” is limited. To be clear, Incognito mode has its place. Checking a hotel for a surprise getaway? Researching a controversial or sensitive topic? Incognito is great for those use cases. But not so much for true online privacy. You can still be tracked in Incognito mode, and your Internet service provider (ISP) will still have a good idea of what you did online. Privacy extensions: helpful, but limited…and risky To avoid switching browsers, many people install ad blockers and other privacy extensions to their existing browsers. And it’s true that most good ad blockers will also stop (or at least limit) the reach of third-party cookies and trackers . But it’s worth noting that extensions can introduce new problems . For example, ad-blocking extensions can see everything displayed in your browser. If someone gains access to that extension—or if the person or company who made that extension has ulterior motives—you can still be tracked.Ironically, by installing an extension to your browser, you may be adding a potential vulnerability, rather than removing one. It’s vitally important that you only add verified, reputable extensions from your browser’s official app store. Even then, there are risks; apps can be bought and sold, and an app that started secure could end up serving a more dubious purpose. Also note that these extensions can slow down your browser’s performance, or cause other unintended consequences. Top private browsers: a comparison of the best privacy-focused options Instead of settling for Incognito mode or third-party apps, you may want to consider a privacy-first browser. While there’s no strict definition of what makes a browser private, most will come with data protection built in by default. Here’s a rundown of some of the most notable. 1. Brave The Brave browser was built from the ground up with privacy in mind. The moment you open the Brave browser, the application aims to enhance security by sending the fewest requests possible to other websites. In addition, Brave blocks third-party trackers and unwanted ads automatically. Brave upgrades site security (to HTTPS whenever possible, and has a browser-native virtual private network (VPN) . In fact, Brave has dozens of privacy-preserving features built right into the source code. But Brave, like other major browsers, is built on the open-source Chromium codebase. This means it works just like Chrome and other popular browsers, with easy use of extensions, bookmarks, saved passwords, tabs, and other familiar functionality. It also brings blazing fast browsing speed, and offers the best blend of both privacy and performance. 2. Tor The Tor Browser uses an anonymous network of computers to connect to the Internet. Your connection is forwarded from one computer to the next, with each step only knowing the previous one. On the plus side, this method results in a highly private connection. On the downside, it can bring considerably slower page load than other browsers. Although Tor is a highly private browser, it can require more patience and technical know-how than other options. To mitigate this, users can get Tor’s privacy inside of Brave, via Brave’s Private Window with Tor . 3. Firefox Because Firefox operates on a non-profit model, there’s less incentive to track your browsing habits; it’s not an advertising company like Google. However, Firefox isn’t entirely private. Firefox does use Google as its default search engine, and receives lucrative financial support from Google’s parent company. 4. Safari Safari is the default browser for Mac and iOS devices, and offers fundamental security features like a pop-up blocker. However, the browser does not offer anything above and beyond standard privacy. For example, Safari doesn’t block trackers, nor does it automatically upgrade website security from HTTP to HTTPS. One other drawback is that Safari is only officially available on Mac and iOS devices; the browser ceased cross-platform support several years ago. (If you find a Safari app for Android, Linux, or Windows, be wary—these aren’t made by Apple.) 5. DuckDuckGo The privacy-based search engine, DuckDuckGo, also offers a privacy-first mobile browser. This browser blocks trackers and assigns each website a privacy score, providing a transparent view of what each site does or tries to do with your data. 6. Vivaldi The Vivaldi browser emphasizes customization, providing users with several tools that enable a more private browsing experience. For example, the browser allows users to block third-party trackers. Provided you take the time to configure the browser correctly, Vivaldi is a practical private browser. 7. Opera The Opera browser offers several valuable features, including an integrated VPN that hides your IP address from prying eyes. However, Opera also has a couple of known privacy issues. For example, the browser sends requests to several sites known to track your activity—notably Yandex (the Russian search engine). Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome: popular but not private You may have noticed that two popular browsers—Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome—are missing from our list. There’s a reason for that: They’re not very private. Independent studies have shown that Edge and Chrome send identifying hardware details and browsing data back to Microsoft and Google, respectively. And Google, as an advertising company, built Chrome to track as many of your online activities as possible. Google also tracks your search history, and any activity with affiliated sites like YouTube and Google Maps. With both browsers, the main threats to your privacy come from the browser itself, rather than third parties.Brave: a user-friendly private browser Although you can improve the privacy of most browsers, it often requires adding a host of extensions, changing default settings, finding new search engines, and generally taking extra steps to keep your data safe. However, fully integrated browsers like Brave do this work for you, empowering users on several fronts. Brave is a next-generation browser that puts user privacy over Big Tech profit. Download Brave and try it today. Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Advanced privacy A long list of Brave’s behind-the-scenes protections and commitments. Privacy by default By default, Brave has the strongest privacy protections of any popular web browser. And it comes in three different layers. Brave Shields The first layer— Brave Shields —blocks trackers, cross-site cookie tracking, fingerprinting, and more. And you can see some of what got blocked. Just click the Brave Shields icon in the address bar of any page you visit. Advanced protections The second layer— our advanced privacy protections —include many features and Chromium customizations built right into the browser. These include reduced network server calls, partitioning, blocked bounce tracking, and more. Policies & practices The third layer of protection is our policies and practices . Our ability to safeguard your data…by not collecting it in the first place. To adhere to—and exceed—government data protections like GDPR and CCPA. To support and contribute to the online privacy community. And more. Brave’s advanced protections. Built right into the browser. Brave is built on the open-source Chromium project, the same engine that powers Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Vivaldi (among others). While Chromium provides the foundation for a very secure browser, it’s unfortunately not good for user privacy—at least, not the version in Chrome and Edge. Brave, on the other hand, makes numerous changes (and subtractions) with every Chromium release , including: Proxying communication with Google services through Brave servers.Reimplementing sync to be encrypted client-side and never touch Google’s servers.Removal of privacy-harming features like Google’s Reporting, Topics, and Network Status APIs, as well as removal of FLoC and Fledge. Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) is a non-standard publishing format, designed and enforced by Google. In theory, AMP allows your browser to access a mobile-optimized version of a webpage for faster page load. But in practice, AMP just strengthens Google’s monopoly: it gives Google an even broader view of which pages people view on the Web, and how people interact with them. Brave works to circumvent AMP (or “de-AMP”) pages , and instead load the real (or “canonical”) version of the page instead. Brave improves upon the limited network-state partitioning that’s already in Chromium. Brave’s DOM state partitioning will partition each site you visit (knowingly or unknowingly), to prevent cross-site tracking.Brave also expands that partitioning to other storage mechanisms in the browser, a protection known as network-state partitioning . Likewise, Brave protects against some sophisticated forms of pooled-resource attacks . Referrer policy is the system that browsers and websites use to inform a destination site (the site you’re going to) about the source website (the site you’re coming from). This poses a clear privacy harm to users. It tells sites you might not trust about your browsing behavior, and what site led you to the site you’re viewing now. Brave reduces the amount of information present in the referrer header, and in some cases removes the header all together . As more browsers offer default protection against tracking, the ad tech industry has developed a clever way to get around this protection: bounce tracking. Bounce tracking involves hiding a tracker directly in the link you click, making it harder to block without breaking websites. These tracking links might look like “www.sitename.com/article?123abc” where everything after the “?” is a tracker. Brave blocks multiple variants of this scheme, and has the most robust protection against bounce tracking of any popular browser. It removes tracking parameters from URLs , blocks bounce tracking via filter lists , and pioneered both debouncing and unlinkable bouncing protections.With debouncing, Brave adds an extra layer of protection against bounce tracking by recognizing when you’re about to visit a known tracking domain, skipping that visit altogether, and instead directly navigating you to the intended destination . With unlinkable bouncing, Brave can notice when you’re about to visit a privacy harming (or otherwise suspect) website, and instead route that visit through a new, temporary browser storage . Brave’s policy, compliance, and research commitments. While we’d love if every user could share product feedback, most simply don’t have the time. Still, we need some indicator on whether people are using (and liking) Brave. So, rather than outsource analytics about usage to some third-party (and thus expose user data), we introduced our own methodology: Privacy-Preserving Product Analytics (P3A) .P3A tells us basic things like how often the browser or its features are being used, but nothing about who’s using them.P3A also prevents Brave from linking large groups of measurements together—with P3A, Brave further protects your privacy by rendering itself incapable of building profiles of pseudonymous responses. This methodology is open-source, and can be easily opted out of. The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) are two of the strongest pieces of legislation to protect user data online. Brave strives to comply with these regulations, and go a step further: to safeguard your data by not collecting it in the first place.We also join open letters to regulatory bodies to strengthen data protections, and call out Big Tech when they try to skirt the law. See an example letter Brave wrote to the California state legislature, and another post detailing work we did to uncover a Google scheme to circumvent GDPR . Brave has partnered with—and supported—multiple academic institutions on research into web privacy standards and improvements, producing multiple research papers that have moved the browser industry toward privacy-by-default, and resulted in tangible code improvements in Brave. Brave advocates for, and improves privacy in, proposed Web standards, as members of the W3C and IETF . We also co-chair the W3C’s privacy review interest group (PING) . Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources Request "Off the Record" By the Brave Privacy Team Last updated See all articles This is the 26th post in an ongoing series describing new privacy features in Brave browsers. This post describes work done by Sr. Software Engineer Mark Pilgrim, with critical help from Cryptography Researcher Sofia Celi and Sr. Research and Privacy Engineer Shivan Sahib. This post was written by Peter Snyder. Starting in version 1.53, Brave will begin rolling out a new feature called “Request Off the Record (OTR).” This feature aims to help people who need to hide their browsing behavior from others who have access to their computer or phone. For example, a person who is the victim of intimate partner violence who needs to find support services without their partner knowing, or someone needing to find personal healthcare without others in their home finding out. Request OTR allows websites to optionally describe their own content as “sensitive.” The browser can then ask if the user would like to visit the site in OTR mode, where the site is visited in a clean, temporary storage area. Sites visited in OTR mode are not saved to your browsing history, and any cookies, permissions, or other site data do not persist to disk. Meanwhile, other sites visited are stored and treated as normal, obscuring to anyone who may access the device later that any “unusual” behavior happened. Request OTR is another in Brave’s suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the “standard” threats browsers typically watch out for. Brave intends to work with other browser vendors to standardize OTR, so that at-risk browser users can be private and safe, across the Web, regardless of which browser they’re using. This feature has been designed with the input of, and in collaboration with, several civil society and victim advocacy groups. We agree with Mallory Knodel, the CTO at the Center for Democracy and Technology, in the following: Brave Browser's attention to detail with OTR Mode—users can more easily choose which websites are recorded in their browsing history—is an important privacy innovation that can protect users in "attacker you know" situations or anyone who wants more control over what their browser remembers and what it doesn't. This feature empowers people who browse the web—all of us—and gives us more agency over content consumption. — Mallory Knodel, CTO at the Center for Democracy and Technology Some users need to hide their browsing from people who have access to their device Most often, when people talk about Web privacy they’re talking about protecting personal data from websites (e.g. blocking Google from recording the sites you visit). However, Web users have other privacy needs too, needs that are currently poorly served by most browsers. Consider “Sarah,” a hypothetical Web user who lives with “Stan,” a physically abusive partner. Sarah needs to use the Web to learn about legal, medical, and other support services in her area, so she can safely exit her relationship. Stan, though, suspects Sarah may be planning to leave, and begins monitoring Sarah’s phone, computer, and other devices to see if she’s contacting support services.Unfortunately, not only do browsers fail to protect users like Sarah, they actually make it easier for abusers like Stan to digitally surveil others. Browsers record a wealth of information about our browsing behavior and interests, both explicitly (e.g. browsing history, DOM storage, and cookies) and implicitly (e.g. cache state, saved credentials, URL autocomplete). Worse still, the tools browsers do include to protect people like Sarah are incomplete and / or difficult to use correctly. Current browsers tools are insufficient for protecting against known abusers Browsers currently provide some tools to help users hide their activity on sensitive sites. However, these tools are insufficient to protect people whose safety depends on hiding visits to specific sites from people who have access to their device. Existing tools either hide too much (thus inviting suspicion from abusers), too little (thus allowing abusers to recover browsing history), or are otherwise difficult to use successfully. Private (also known as Incognito) windows allow users to browse the Web without their browsing activity being permanently recorded. Unfortunately, private windows do a poor job protecting users from on-device surveillance. It’s easy to forget to open a private window before visiting a site, especially under stress, thus causing the site visit to be permanently recorded. And it’s equally as easy to forget to close the private window, and thus continue browsing in the private window beyond just the target sensitive site. This can reveal to the abuser that private browsing modes have been used, which on its own may elicit suspicion or put the victim at further risk. Similarly, some browsers include advanced browser controls that can be used to delete browser storage for specific sites. This approach has the drawback of needing to be performed after the site was visited, instead of protecting the user during the visit, which may put the user at risk if the browser needs to be closed quickly. Additionally, these controls are often difficult to find, and more difficult still to use correctly for non-technical users. And finally, these browser controls typically only allow the user to delete stored values for the site (e.g. cookies or permissions), but do not allow the user to delete other traces of the site (e.g. browsing history or caches). Finally, some sensitive sites include quick-exit buttons in the site themselves, which allow a visitor to quickly navigate away from the site in a way that may be semi-difficult for an abuser to detect. While useful, this approach is also incomplete. Quick-exit buttons cannot delete many types of site data (e.g. permissions or caches), and are constrained in their ability to modify browsing history. Further, they depend completely on the correct implementation by the site; the browser is unable to protect the user. Brave’s Request OTR provides a novel, powerful protection Brave’s Request OTR approach provides a comprehensive way for sensitive sites to request to be omitted from a user’s browsing history and local storage. Any site can request to go OTR, and the user is prompted to see if the user would like to do so. If so, the Brave browser creates a temporary storage area for the site, and does not record the site visit in the user’s browsing history. The OTR session is tied to the site, and any other sites the user visits in the same tab (along with any sites visited in any other tabs) are recorded in browsing history as normal. More specifically, Brave’s implementation of Request OTR protects the user in the following ways: The user is protected the entire time they’re visiting a sensitive site; they don’t need to try and scrub their browsing history later.Other, non-sensitive sites are recorded as normal, which prevents big gaps in browsing history that might look suspicious to an abuser.All target site behaviors are prevented from persisting to disk, including cookies, caches, browsing history, permissions, etc.OTR prevents sites from abusing the feature; a site cannot go off-the-record unless a user explicitly gives the site permission to do so. How can sites request to be off the record Brave has developed Request OTR specifically to help people suffering from intimate partner violence , or people otherwise needing to hide visits to sensitive sites from their browsing history. However, OTR is intentionally a general browser feature, and is intended to be usable by any site on the Web. Request-OTR header Currently, there are two ways for a site to request to go off the record in Brave. The primary, intended way is for the site to include the header in the response to the initial navigation request for a site. If the browser sees this header, the browser will halt the navigation and ask the user if they would like to visit the site off the record.If the user says yes, then the browser does two things: It does not record the site visit in the browser historyIt creates a temporary storage area for caches, cookies, permissions, etc. The browser continues using this temporary storage area for all subsequent pages visited within the same tab, within the same site. When the user closes the tab, or navigates away from the site, the temporary storage area is discarded, and browsing behaviors return to being recorded as normal. Request-OTR preload list The second way for a site to request to go off the record is to be included in Brave’s preloaded list of “request off the record” partner sites . These are sites that serve victims of intimate partner violence, and have told Brave they’re interested in being considered a sensitive site by the browser. This list is intended as a bridge measure, until all sites can implement the previously mentioned header approach. Limitations of Brave’s Request-OTR implementation Brave’s Request OTR feature prevents visits to sensitive sites from being recorded in a user’s browser history, both overtly (browser history, cookies) and incidentally (caches, permissions, etc). Brave’s Request OTR feature is covered by Brave’s security bug bounty program , and we welcome any reports of data from an “off the record” session being incorrectly or incompletely cleared. However, users should be aware that Brave’s Request OTR feature does not protect users from other software on their computer that might record information about what sites they visit. Examples of software the Brave browser cannot hide browsing history from include: Browser extensionsNetwork spyingMalware or spyware installed on the deviceInformation saved by sites before or after you visit the “off the record” (such as if you have “Google Web History” enabled on Google Search or Gmail)Operating-system level loggingCrash logs Brave is exploring what additional protections can be provided against such threats, but users should be aware that (as with systems like private browsing mode) Brave’s Request OTR mode only prevents recording of core browsing behaviors and data. Next steps in Request-OTR We’re excited to release Request Off the Record in upcoming version 1.53 of our desktop browser, with an Android version coming in the 1.54 release. We’ll be rolling it out to users shortly, though people interested in testing the feature now can enable it by visiting and enabling . Please note that this should only be done if you understand the risks of testing experimental browser features. We welcome all feedback on the feature. We’re also excited about the next steps we’re taking to further improve the Request OTR feature. First, we’re working with experts and researchers at George Washington University and Paderborn University to evaluate how Request-OTR is understood by users, and how we can further convey to users exactly what protections the feature does (and does not) provide. We will both share the research that results from this collaboration on this blog, and incorporate it into future versions of Request-OTR in Brave. Second, we’re interested in working with other browsers, organizations, and Web companies to potentially standardize Request-OTR, so that users of other websites and browsers can benefit from the protection. Our current implementation is the result of working with a wide range of abuse advocates, technologists, browser specialists, and NGOs, and we’re eager to continue working with similar organizations to best support Web users. Related articles Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local network resources, and for how long. Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's another example of Brave offering the most powerful privacy features of any popular browser. Starting in version 1.51, Brave will increase user privacy by extending the brower's permission system to cover legacy Google Sign-In… Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc.| All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Privacy And Competition Concerns with Google’s Privacy Sandbox By the Brave Web Standards Team Last updated See all articles This is the sixth in a series of blog posts discussing proposed Web standards. This post was written by Director of Privacy Peter Snyder. Brave recently submitted concerns and comments to the UK Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) as part of the CMA’s effort to secure commitments from Google regarding Google’s Privacy Sandbox plans. Brave appreciates the CMA’s critical work, and applauds the CMA’s efforts to prevent Google’s long overdue privacy protections from harming the open Web. But the CMA (along with other regulators) seem to be evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set of features. This misses the bigger picture: how Privacy Sandbox will interact with other Google proposals, and how radical and harmful it will be in practice. Google presents Privacy Sandbox as a system for protecting privacy and openness on the Web. In practice, we expect that Privacy Sandbox will harm Web privacy, and further cement Google’s control over the Web. This post presents concerns with Privacy Sandbox that we have not seen discussed elsewhere, which we worry may go unconsidered in the CMA’s analysis. We present our concerns with Privacy Sandbox not only as a browser maker, but as individuals worried that Privacy Sandbox threatens what makes the Web special and unique: that users can modify their Web experience to best suit their needs and wants, and that features in the Web are designed first and foremost to benefit users . Privacy Sandbox Will Harm User Choice It’s prudent to doubt someone selling antidotes after they’ve gotten rich by poisoning wells. The Web community should similarly doubt Google’s privacy promises (and intentions) after Google has spent decades profiting from (and entrenching) the Web’s worst privacy violations. Google’s Privacy Sandbox proposal improves privacy only when your baseline for comparison is Google Chrome, the browser with the unambiguously worst privacy protections of any major browser . But while Chrome is terrible for privacy, it’s at least designed to work with a Web where other browsers and privacy tools can deliver very high levels of privacy. Privacy Sandbox achieves its (modest) privacy improvements in ways that restrict, break or weaken other more robust privacy tools. It kills user choice. Here are just some examples of upcoming Google proposals in, or adjacent to, Privacy Sandbox that will weaken the ability for users to protect their privacy online. Manifest v3 Manifest v3 broadly refers to Google’s planned changes for browser extensions. These plans have been heavily criticized by privacy organizations and developers . Among other concerns, Manifest v3 weakens how extensions can block trackers, including (unsurprisingly) Google’s new generation of tracking scripts. Google has begun promoting “server-side tagging” capabilities in its tracking libraries which can be used to circumvent privacy tools . Clever extensions can use Manifest v2 capabilities to block server-side tagging trackers; Manifest v3 removes these capabilities, making server-side tagging effectively unblockable. First-Party Sets Google’s First-Party Sets proposal would (intentionally) weaken privacy boundaries between sites, making it easier for sites to track users while they browse. The proposal also makes it difficult-to-impossible for users to predict how their identity will be linked while they browse. Signed Exchange Google’s Signed Exchange (SXG) proposal is designed to allow one organization to serve sites on behalf of another organization. Today, when you load pages from (say) news.example, you know you’re speaking with, and fetching content from, news.example; SXG is designed to make it appear that you’re talking with news.example, when in fact you’re talking with Google (who will likely use such information to further profile and track you on the Web). WebBundles Google’s WebBundles proposal, part of Privacy Sandbox proposals like FLEDGE , would allow a website to fetch multiple web resources (images, scripts, etc) from a single URL, similar to how a zip file includes multiple files. As Brave discussed over a year ago, WebBundles are extremely harmful to Web privacy . In the same way attackers sneak malware onto your computer by packaging harmful software in benign looking attachments (think an email attachment labeled “family-photos.zip” that includes a computer virus), websites will use WebBundles to sneak trackers into your browser, by calling a WebBundle “site-resources” and filling the bundle with harmful scripts. Not surprisingly, Manifest v3 prevents extensions from meaningfully blocking resources in bundles.Brave previously warned that trackers would use WebBundles functionality to remove meaningful information (i.e., URLs) from bundled resources: we now see Google proposing exactly this feature . Google’s planned approach also prevents clients from choosing which kinds of resources in a bundle they want to download, thus resulting in clients downloading unnecessary bytes (especially bad for users for whom bandwidth is expensive or scarce). User Choice Concerns Conclusion We note that the above is an incomplete list; other proposals in or around Privacy Sandbox have other well known privacy harms. FLoC intentionally shares your browsing interests with the sites you visit , Privacy Budget is a fool’s-errand-approach to allow Google to continue to pack the Web with functionality that allows browser fingerprinting , etc. We urge the CMA, and the wider Web community, to note the common themes: Privacy Sandbox (and related features attached to it) improves privacy only by the narrow, cynical standard of “better than Google Chrome” These new features push Web standards in a direction that will make it more difficult for other browsers and privacy tools to protect privacy Privacy Sandbox Encourages Centralization Privacy Sandbox would further cement Google’s position as a Web monopolist. As others have noted, true privacy would improve competitiveness and openness on the Web . Privacy Sandbox is the opposite: a cynical proposal adopting just enough of the language and colors of the privacy community to keep regulators at bay, while in practice benefitting Google’s monopoly, all to the detriment of the Web at large. The below is a partial list of features in and around Privacy Sandbox that favor centralization in general, and Google in particular. FLEDGE, TURTLEDOVE and Aggregate Reporting Google’s FLEDGE and TURTLEDOVE proposals require centralized trusted servers to collect sensitive, identifying data. These systems would have a small number of servers collect sensitive information from millions of browser users, in the hopes that if enough sensitive information is collected, it will be impossible for the final recipients of the data to identify individuals. It’s absurd that the Web should trust the companies that harm Web privacy today to be honest and privacy-respecting stewards of our data tomorrow. But worse, trusted-server approaches require centralization, and so will inevitably favor monopolists and harm privacy-respecting innovators. For the same reason that it is difficult to create new social networks, it’ll be difficult to create non-giant-favoring implementations of Privacy Sandbox features. By design, these are systems that become more powerful and useful the more users they have, and (intentionally or otherwise) will make it nearly impossible for competitors to emerge. “AppStore-ification” of The Web: SXG, WebBundles, and AMP 2.0 Privacy Sandbox and its related features threaten to turn the Web into the Google Play store. Google has pushed sites to use AMP, a system which allows Google to track you across an even greater percentage of the Web; the system is so hated that Web users pay money to avoid it. Just as on the Google Play store, Google will control what users can find (by monopolizing search), and learn even more about what users are interested in. With Signed Exchange and WebBundles, Google is building “AMP 2.0,” a system where, no matter what search result you choose, or which news item you click on, you never leave Google’s grip. Privacy Sandbox and related features will create a Web with the privacy, performance and lock-in nightmares that plague mobile apps. And, just as on the Google Play store, users will no longer be able meaningfully to customize or control the content they view on the Web. Today, people can save mobile data and battery life, protect privacy, and generally modify websites as they see fit. Privacy Sandbox will weaken or remove these vital abilities. Apps are “all or nothing” affairs, with little ability for each user to control their experience. Signed Exchange and WebBundles will do the same for websites: change websites into all-or-nothing “bundles,” and put sites in control, restricting users (and the tools users select) to be passive observers. Finally, we note that the above concerns and claims are not only Brave’s worry and speculation. They are mirrored in Google’s stated use cases for WebBundles and Signed Exchange , in the standards proposals around WebBundles , and in Google’s internal documents that were made public from Google’s antitrust filings . Privacy Sandbox Is Harmful to User Autonomy Privacy Sandbox will erode the Web’s most important and unique principle: the Web is for people first and foremost. These principles, that the Web is for users first , and that the Web should give users control and power , are enshrined in core W3C documents. In ethical systems, people arrive with their own preferences and desires.Companies then compete by designing products and systems that are compatible with those preferences and desires. With Privacy Sandbox, Google has done the opposite: build a system intentionally designed to perpetuate a specific business strategy, and use their monopoly power to force people to participate in that system. The difference between Privacy Sandbox on one hand, and user-serving browser features on the other, is stark. Browsers include many features that people want: features that allow people to play games they love, safely buy the things they need, or communicate privately with the people they care about. Browser vendors eagerly advertise these kinds of features, since they know people want them, and might even switch browsers to take advantage of them. The features in Privacy Sandbox are the opposite; no user has ever requested that their browser passively broadcast their interests across the web (a la FLoC), conduct ad auctions to benefit organizations the user will never know (a la FLEDGE), or remove and restrict the ability to customize their browsing (a la WebBundles and Manifest v3), among many others. That Google discusses its feature plans with advertisers and developers, but is vague about them to their users, is telling. The Web is the one remaining popular application platform that puts users first (thanks in no small part to the work of activists, market competition, and the civil society participation in standards bodies). Privacy Sandbox would be an enormous, potentially irreversible step away from what makes the Web important, and towards the Web being just another system where the people are batteries carrying out tasks to power monopolists’ goals. Things That Start in Chrome, Don’t Stay in Chrome A Privacy Sandbox apologist might reply to the above examples by noting “these are changes in Chrome that other browsers can implement as (and if) they see fit.” We’re familiar with these replies from working with Google in standards bodies and in our interactions with regulators. Such replies don’t pass the laugh test. A change (as for example with Manifest v3) that reduces the capabilities of privacy-extensions will similarly reduce the usefulness of those tools, and so reduce the number of contributors to the filter lists that power them. Plus, changes to how the dominant browser handles privacy boundaries (as with SXG and First-Party Sets) won’t affect only the majority browser. Such changes will leak into privacy-respecting browsers too, who are repeatedly forced into a no-win game from Google’s monopoly: implement Google’s privacy-harming features, or ship a Web browser that breaks on sites designed to work with Chrome. Conclusion 2022 will be a make or break year for the Web, and there are reasons for both optimism and pessimism. On the hopeful side, we’re encouraged that regulators have finally noticed the enormous harm online surveillance (or its euphemism, “realtime behavioral advertising”) does to society, and how that harm is enabled by online tech monopolists. The UK CMA’s concerns around Privacy Sandbox, alongside meaningful privacy legislation like California’s CCPA, and long overdue skepticism from governments around Facebook’s and Google’s business strategies, all give reason for hope. However, unless Web users and regulators consider all of Google’s activities (Privacy Sandbox and otherwise), 2022 will be as disappointing as it was promising. We worry that the Web community, privacy activists, and regulators are too narrowly focused on what Google is proposing today, and missing the far-more-concerning trajectory Google plans for the Web of tomorrow. We encourage and are ready to support efforts to make sure the Web stays open, user-first and competitive. Urgently needed (and long overdue) privacy protections the Web needs can’t come at the expense of what makes the Web uniquely valuable to users. We’ve included Brave’s full response to the CMA below. Brave’s Response to CMA Consultation on modified commitments in respect of Google’s ‘Privacy Sandbox’ browser changes Authors: Pete Snyder; Shivan Kaul Sahib; Pat Walshe Date: 17 December, 2021 Brave Software welcomes the opportunity to make brief comments in response to the UK CMA’s consultation on Google’s modified commitments regarding Privacy Sandbox browser changes. CMA should discourage and disapprove of privacy approaches that limit the amount of information available to privacy-focused clients. For example, proposals like Google’s “Signed Exchanges” (SXG) or WebBundles (the latter of which is deeply integrated into Privacy Sandbox ) come with promises of improving user privacy, by making Google a proxy for advertisements and websites coming from other parties.This has the privacy upside of preventing non-Google advertisers from learning certain kinds of information about Web users. However, the cost of these privacy improvements are that privacy-focused tools and Web browsers are also prevented from learning which parties are involved in sending content to Web users , restricting these tools (which include tracker blockers, anonymizers, anti-fingerprinting tools, tools designed to filter out pornography or other age-restricted material, etc.). from understanding where Web content comes from, and preventing entire categories of privacy protection techniques (see also EFF’s concerns with Google pushing Manifest V3 for Web Extensions). We urge the CMA to examine this serious privacy harm Privacy Sandbox poses to the web, and make explicit that Google should not pursue approaches to web privacy (where “privacy” is defined in a very narrow, cynical manner) that prevent other tools from protecting their users , particularly tools designed to protect against privacy threats too niche, population specific, or at odds with Google’s business model. In order for the quarterly summaries to be accurate representations of 3rd party feedback received at W3C and other fora (para 12, 32a), we strongly urge the CMA to clarify what the process is for ensuring that the feedback given by 3rd parties is fairly captured and addressed by Google . We also suggest that these summaries be made public for transparency and to allow for other fora participants to add context. We encourage the CMA to explicitly discourage / disapprove of “make the user pay for their own privacy” approaches to privacy , for example, by moving expensive ad auction computation to the user’s device without compensating the user for this additional on-device computation. CMA should explicitly state that the goal is to increase competitiveness within a privacy-respecting legal framework, not to discard or roll back privacy protections to allow current privacy-harming parties to compete. It should be made explicit that “competition must happen within privacy protections, not as a shield against privacy protections.” CMA should discourage and disapprove of privacy approaches that require centralization for their privacy protections (FLEDGE / PARAKEET, AMP / SXG, etc.) There seems to be a growing use of centralized “trusted servers” in the still-developing Privacy Sandbox proposals which will promote large parties at the expense of the small, and make it difficult to impossible for people to verify the privacy properties of the system. CMA should be on guard about Google using Privacy Sandbox to create a moat against competitors , and discourage Google from leveraging its universal first-party status as an ill-gotten competitive advantage against other, more privacy respecting organizations. Google public statements seem to commit it to not use Google’s first-party data to improve the ads Google serves on non-Google sites. However, to the best of our knowledge, Google has made no such commitment to not use data learned from Google operating in a first-party context on non-Google sites (e.g., information learned by serving Web users AMP pages, information learned from the wide range of data-collecting features included in Chrome, information learned from YouTube and Google Map embeds, etc.) to “improve” ads Google places on Google sites. We urge the CMA to have Google clarify whether information Google collects from user behaviors on non-Google first-party sites will be used to “enrich” the ads Google shows on its own sites. If this is Google’s intent, then we expect Google’s dominant position on the Web will in effect restrict the kinds of information other advertisers can collect (a good thing), but not restrict the kinds of information Google can collect for its own advertising purposes. Google has offered to “appoint an independent Monitoring Trustee.” We would ask that the CMA provides clarity as to the legal status and independence and authority of the Trustee especially given Section 1.10 (h). Also, what criteria does the CMA envisage for the appointment of a Trustee; how will reporting and compliance criteria be determined (if Google has not sufficiently identified the privacy impacts of the Sandbox as commented by the UK ICO and the CMA)? By looking at request patterns, co-occurring-but-unordered query parameters, or contextual page information, among other techniques. ↩︎ Microsoft’s PARAKEET proposal similarly requires centralized servers to collect sensitive, identifying information. ↩︎ Depending on the implementation details, this approach might use k-anonymity, might use differential privacy, or several other approaches. The browser side features in Privacy Sandbox are roughly generalized into the Aggregate Reporting API . ↩︎ By blocking images, videos, scripts, and audio.Disabling these kinds of page sub-resources is a popular way users on low bandwidth, or low data, internet plans use the Web. ↩︎ Android and iOS alike. ↩︎ Websites today are the conglomeration of dozens or hundreds of resources, each of which the browser can fetch or block, as the user sees fit. WebBundles will remove this a la carte ability, and turn websites into effectively zip files, forcing users to either download all or none of the site. Similarly, today, browser tools can make blocking decisions based on the URL that a resource was fetched from when making blocked decisions. WebBundles sub-resource URLs into meaningless identifiers , preventing browser tools from protecting their users. ↩︎ Specifically, online real time behavioral advertising, a system that Google just so happens to dominate. ↩︎ Related articles Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control of how they use the Web. Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both alarming and harmful. The Topics API does not address the core harmfulness of FLoC: that it’s arrogant and dangerous for Google to be the arbiter of what users consider “sensitive” data. Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345The Web has the wrong defaults for privacy Many privacy problems on the Web have a common root cause: by default, browsers let sites reidentify users indefinitely, but users only benefit from reidentification on a fraction of sites they visit. In some cases, it’s very useful for a site to remember you (e.g. so you don’t have to log back into your email every day, or so you can easily use a social media account). But such sites are the exception, not the rule. Most often, you won’t benefit from being remembered by every news site you read an article on, or every shopping site you briefly browsed, or every image hosting site that showed you a cute cat picture. In this way, all Web browsers get the defaults backwards: they assume you want to be identifiable by every site you visit. And this causes both annoyance (e.g. rate limiting or paywalls) and privacy harm (e.g. being profiled by untrustworthy sites). This problem is called “unwanted first-party reidentification.” The Forgetful Browsing feature—the next step in Brave’s ongoing project to improve how browsers manage first-party storage—addresses the reidentification problem head-on. Browsers lack good protections against unwanted first-party reidentification Browsers are getting better at protecting users against third-party tracking, but generally do a poor job of protecting against unwanted first-party identification. Brave already provides best-in-class protections against third-party tracking ; Forgetful Browsing is one of several upcoming features in Brave that will provide similarly robust protections against first-party tracking. Browsers provide some tools to help users prevent unwanted first-party reidentification, but these tools are clumsy, inconvenient, and scoped either too broadly or too narrowly, all of which invite unwanted–and irreversible–reidentification. Consider this scenario: Khen has two email accounts, and , both of which Khen accesses through his Web browser. Khen doesn’t want the email provider to know both accounts are owned by the same person. Unfortunately, Web browsers make this kind of privacy very difficult. This is because of how browsers manage first-party storage. Browsers prevent sites from reading another site’s cookies (e.g. yahoo.com can’t read your login cookies for outlook.com), but browsers generally don’t restrict how the same site can read cookies across visits (if you visited chicagotribune.com yesterday, the site can re-read the same cookies next time you visit). Even when you tell a site to log you out, it can’t easily clear some kinds of first-party storage . This gives even well meaning sites the ability to reidentify users across visits. Worse, browsers provide few protections against sites that intentionally aim to re-identify you across logins (as in Khen’s situation in the previous paragraph). Browsers provide some tools you can use to be certain there are no identifying values persisting across site visits. Unfortunately, these tools are difficult to use and/or require user perfection; in many cases a single error can allow a tracker to permanently, irreversibly link to different accounts together. Private browsing modes : Allow users to visit a site with a clean storage area, but require perfection to prevent unwanted first-party reidentification. If Khen (from the previous example) forgets to use a private window just once, and mistakenly logs into his second email account in a normal window, the email provider will be able to link the two email accounts, indefinitely and irreversibly. Browser extensions : Can clear first-party storage whenever a user closes a site, but extensions are limited in their ability to clear cached values, or values in nested documents. Clear all storage : Most browsers contain a feature like this, which clears first-party storage for all sites when closing the browser. However, this feature is, for most users, very inconvenient, since it will log a user out of all their sites, even those the user trusts and wants to stay authenticated with. The feature also does not provide much help for people who tend to leave their browser open for long periods of time. This feature is a sledgehammer when what’s needed is a scalpel. Advanced site controls : Some browsers include this feature, which advanced users can use to manually clear, or otherwise micro-manage first-party storage for sites. These features are useful, but can be (depending on the browser) difficult to discover, need perfect use to prevent identification, or otherwise can be unsuitable for non-advanced users. Forgetful Browsing prevents unwanted first-party reidentification Forgetful Browsing, by contrast, allows Brave users to easily prevent unwanted first-party reidentification, in a way that’s convenient and does not require constant vigilance to get right. Using Brave Shields , users can indicate that they want to be forgotten when a site is closed.When this option is set, Brave will clear first-party storage for the site a few seconds after there are no more open tabs for the site. Forgetful Browsing clears both explicitly stored values (e.g. cookies, localStorage , or indexedDB ) and indirectly stored values (e.g. HTTP cache or DNS cache). Users can enable Forgetful Browsing in one of two ways. Set Forgetful Browsing for a single site Users can indicate that a specific site should be forgotten when it’s closed. To do so: Navigate to the site.Click the shields icon in the URL bar.Click Advanced controls .Click Forget me when I close this site . Set Forgetful Browsing as a global default Users can also make Forgetful Browsing the default setting for all sites. To do so: Visit from the Brave browser.Click Forget me when I close a site . Note that users can set this as the global default, and then use the steps outlined above (in the “Set Forgetful Browsing for a single site” section of this post) to create exceptions (i.e. to indicate that particular sites should not be forgotten). This allows you to configure Brave to clear storage everytime a site is closed except for your email site, a social media site you log into often, etc. Forgetful Browsing applies to entire sites, not domains Forgetful Browsing differs from other settings in Brave Shields in its scope. Most settings in Brave Shields are set per domain; Forgetful Browsing, meanwhile, is set per site. For example, you can configure first.site.example to use aggressive fingerprinting protections and second.site.example to use standard fingerprinting protections, but all subdomains on site.example will share the same Forgetful Browsing setting. This is necessary to align the Forgetful Browsing setting with how Brave (and most other browsers) enforce storage boundaries. More coming to prevent unwanted first-party reidentification Forgetful Browsing is one of several existing ways Brave protects against unwanted first-party reidentification on the Web. Brave’s Unlinkable Bouncing feature automatically clears first-party storage whenever the browser is bounced through known tracking domains. And Brave’s CNAME uncloaking feature allows Brave to block trackers even when they try to look like first-party resources. Brave also limits the lifetime of cookies set in JavaScript to seven days to prevent some forms of first-party tracking. Forgetful Browsing is the first of several upcoming features related to further managing and improving privacy around first-party storage on the Web. Together, these features will address a range of ways first-party storage can be abused to harm users. We look forward to sharing more about these features in the coming weeks and months. Brave will incrementally enable Forgetful Browsing for users during the 1.53 and 1.54 release processes. Users who want to test the feature now can visit and manually enable the “Enable First Party Storage Cleanup support” flag. Note that Forgetful Browsing is still experimental, and should only be enabled by users who understand the risks of enabling such features. ↩︎ HTTP cached values, storage for embedded third-party iframes (in browsers other than Brave), etc. ↩︎ Related articles Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local network resources, and for how long. Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" threats browsers typically watch out for. Starting in version 1.51, Brave will increase user privacy by extending the brower's permission system to cover legacy Google Sign-In… Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc.| All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345First-Party Sets: Tearing Down Privacy Defenses Just as They're Being Built By the Brave Web Standards Team Last updated See all articles By Peter Snyder, Sr. Director of Privacy Update (June 2, 2022) : First Party Sets has been removed as a work item from the W3C’s Privacy Community Group (PrivacyCG) . Because of privacy concerns like those described in this blog post (among other concerns), a majority of the browser vendors in PrivacyCG did not see a way First-Party Sets could be standardized and implemented in a privacy-respecting way. We’re grateful to the Chairs and members of PrivacyCG who also recognized that First-Party Sets would harm privacy on the Web. We’re excited to continue working with PrivacyCG on new, upcoming proposals that will actually improve privacy. Begin original post : Google is proposing a feature called “First-Party Sets,” which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both alarming and harmful. The Web is slowly, after much time (and harm), converging on the “site” as the privacy boundary for the Web. First-Party Sets would undo this boundary, just as browsers, researchers, and privacy activists are delivering on this progress. First-Party Sets would allow multiple sites to declare themselves as effectively the same site; the browser would allow these sites to communicate with each other (including tracking users) as if they were the same site. The privacy harm from this is obvious: it would allow companies to automatically track you across sites, and without proper notification or consent. If First-Party Sets becomes widely adopted in Google Chrome, it will become harder for user-respecting browsers to protect their users’ privacy. Chrome’s market dominance means that, over time, other browsers will likely have to implement more and more of First-Party Sets to maintain compatibility with the Web. Brave urges anyone with an interest in Web privacy to oppose Google’s proposal. What is First-Party Sets (and why you should care) First-Party Sets constitute a radical change in how privacy is handled on the Web. First-Party Sets will allow more sites to track more of your behavior on the Web, and make it more difficult for users to predict how their information will be shared. Today, most browsers use—or plan to use—the site as the privacy boundary on the Web. This emerging consensus is the collective result of years of work from academics, engineers, and privacy activists. Effectively, a site (and trackers on that site) should not be able to learn what you do on other sites. Enforcing boundaries between sites gives users better control over who can learn about their interests and behaviors. Such predictable, easily-understood privacy boundaries are a necessary (if incomplete) piece of building a privacy-protecting Web. First-Party Sets would break this site-as-boundary policy—it would allow companies to weaken privacy protections between the sites they operate. Companies could declare all sites they control to be in the same First-Party Set. Browsers would then read these declarations and drop privacy protections between sites in the same set, allowing a user to be reidentified and tracked from site to site. For example, Meta might declare that facebook.com, instagram.com, and whatsapp.com are in the same First-Party Set, and thus be able to link user behaviors across all three sites. This would be in spite of the fact that many users intentionally maintain different and unlinked profiles across all three services. Similarly, Google could enable tracking across many of its properties, both those popularly associated with its parent company, Alphabet (such as google.com, googlemail.com, and youtube.com), and less commonly known sites that users may have no idea are associated with Google (such as blogger.com, crashlytics.com, and admob.com). First-Party Sets would allow one site to track you across all of these sites, even when you haven’t logged into them or created a profile with them. Worse still, users would have no say in this decision: the sites would decide their own privacy boundaries, in a way that’s opaque to users and ignores their needs and concerns. In short, First-Party Sets would shift Web privacy from something users can control to something websites control. Users wouldn’t even have a chance to make decisions about their privacy until after the harm is already done. First-Party Sets intentionally misleads users At heart, Web users need to know with whom they’re interacting so they can make informed privacy decisions. This is already a difficult problem; First-Party Sets would make it effectively impossible to have informed consent. The individual site is the main, atomic entity we expect users to understand and make decisions around. The importance of the trustworthiness of the site is reflected in browsers’ UI—all major browsers give the origin site special treatment in the address bar or “omnibox”.It’s also reflected in the general Web security advice that users broadly understand as best-practice (for example, users understand they should protect themselves from being phished by checking they’re really on the site they think they are). Anything that weakens or obscures the only information users have to base privacy and security decisions on should be unacceptable. First-Party Sets intentionally and unambiguously introduces this confusion. Another reason to steer clear of Google’s Privacy Sandbox Cynically, Google is promoting First-Party Sets as a privacy feature. They’re proposing the feature for standardization in PrivacyCG , the W3C group focused on designing new features to improve privacy. This is despite the fact that First-Party Sets would weaken privacy protections already in many current browsers (including Brave), and the privacy protections planned by others. Google argues that First-Party Sets will improve privacy because it would allow Google to finally block third-party cookies. This is Google measuring itself by its own yardstick. Other browsers have blocked third-party cookies for years, and they’ve done so in a way that doesn’t require the kind of user-confusion at the root of First-Party Sets. The simple fact is that First-Party Sets isn’t a privacy feature; the main goal of “First Party Sets” is to ensure companies can continue to identify and track people across sites in exactly the way that blocking third-party cookies is intended to prevent. First-Party Sets is yet another example of Google cynically claiming to improve user privacy, when in fact pushing proposals that serve Google first, sites second, and users a distant third (if at all). First-Party Sets is one of many such user-harming Privacy Sandbox proposals, some of which are alarmingly already shipping in Chrome: Topics API broadcasts your personal interests to websites . Web Bundles will make it more difficult to control the content you load and see . FLEDGE both further promotes centralization on the Web, and would have users do data and battery draining work on behalf of advertisers , etc. Privacy Sandbox is full of Trojan horses, promising a “finally” private Web in Chrome, but guaranteed to limit progress on Web privacy just as privacy is gaining some long-overdue momentum. Web users, activists, and advocates should push back against Google, by choosing actually privacy-preserving browsers like Brave and by getting involved in standards discussions . Related articles Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control of how they use the Web. The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set of features. Evaluations that fail to consider how Privacy Sandbox will interact with other upcoming Google proposals will miss how radical and harmful Privacy Sandbox will be to the Web in practice. This piece presents how Privacy Sandbox, when considered with other upcoming Chrome features, will harm user choice, privacy, and competition on the Web. The Topics API does not address the core harmfulness of FLoC: that it’s arrogant and dangerous for Google to be the arbiter of what users consider “sensitive” data. Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources LAST UPDATED January 5, 2021 Brave Rewards Advertiser Privacy Policy Read this document to learn how we use data about advertisers. In this policy “we”, “us”, etc. refers to Brave Software Inc. (To learn how we use data to operate this website and other Brave sites, forums, and communications, see the Website Privacy Policy . To learn how we use data for the Brave Browser, see the Brave Browser Privacy Policy ). Advertiser Privacy When you establish an advertiser account with us, we will ask you for the information we need to validate your identity and to bill you for advertising services. This always includes: your name, email address, and phone number;your business’s name and mailing address;the domain name(s) to which your ads will direct people who see them; andbilling information needed to process payment. Other information may be required by your advertising account representative in order to process and fulfill your orders. The only information we collect from you is the information you provide us in these communications with your account representative. We need this information in order to operate the advertising services you’re purchasing from us according to the Brave Rewards: Terms of Service for Advertisers contract . This same information is required in order for us to maintain accurate records and accounts of the services we have provided, in which we have a legitimate interest. We keep all this info as long as you have an advertiser account with us, and for seven years afterwards. Beyond seven years, we no longer store your personal information, only information about your company. We may share your Account Information as follows: with vendors, consultants and other service providers who act as data processors on behalf of Brave;in response to a request for information if we believe the disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process; orotherwise, with your consent or at your direction. We may also share information which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. We may use SendGrid or MailChimp based in the United States to contact you by email. The processing of personal data on our behalf is subject to a range of measures to help safeguard your personal data including the use of EU standard contractual clauses. Every email we send this way will also include an unsubscribe link. Contacting Brave about your privacy We are always interested in hearing and responding to questions and concerns at twitter.com/brave and at github.com/brave . More in-depth conversations can be had at community.brave.com . We are represented in Europe by Brave Software Europe Ltd (based in the UK). You can contact our data protection officer and the rest of our privacy team at privacy@brave.com . However, from the 1st January 2021, given the UK’s exit from the EU, Brave has appointed an EU nominated representative and which you may contact if you would prefer not to contact Brave directly: Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland You can ask to know what information we have about you, update incorrect information, delete it, object to our use of it, or get a copy of it.If you’re in the European Union, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority (though everyone should have this right). We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources Privacy Last updated What is privacy? In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn’t seen by anyone whom you don’t want to see it, and isn’t used by anyone in ways you don’t approve of. Personal data means both information about you (e.g. your name, email address, or phone number) and also about what you do (e.g. which websites you visit, what you post online, who you talk to, or what you buy). What are the privacy risks on the Internet? On the modern Internet, there is enormous pressure against an individual user’s privacy. Advertisers, websites that show ads, and the ad tech platforms between them all have a monied interest in “targeting” ads. That is, showing the right ads, to the right people, at the right time. Targeting ads this way means people are more likely to click and buy something, and thus that the advertisers, websites, and ad tech platforms all make more money. Most ad targeting relies on “profiles” of Internet users: information about their interests, location, and spending habits. There’s a whole industry (called the “ surveillance economy ”) devoted to building these profiles by collecting and correlating personal data across a variety of sources. The sources can include browsing activity (collected by trackers ), purchase history (often collected from credit card transaction data), social media, public records, and more. The surveillance economy is highly complex, and much of how it works is hidden from Internet users. People often don’t understand what they’re giving up as they browse the Web, so they can’t give informed consent to everything that’s happening to their information. It’s also virtually impossible to completely opt out of data collection. To make matters worse, the companies that collect your personal data don’t have strong incentives to be careful with it. It’s not their information, so if it leaks, they aren’t really affected. Putting in the effort to rigorously protect your information doesn’t benefit them, so they generally don’t do it unless they’re forced to by law or regulation. Why is privacy important? Everyone has a natural desire to keep some things to themselves. Respecting this desire for privacy is particularly important on the Internet, because there’s so much financial incentive to violate people’s privacy, and so many ways to do it. You probably wouldn’t want your browser history to be public. However, information about your browsing activity is almost certainly in some dataset already, circulating in the surveillance economy. That idea probably feels invasive to you; that’s why privacy is important. But it isn’t just about personal comfort level. If malicious actors get their hands on your information, they may use it for identity theft, which can cost you money and disrupt your life. The surveillance economy companies that collect your data often don’t put much effort into keeping it safe, so it’s important to stop them from collecting data in the first place. Your personal information belongs to you, and yet the surveillance economy makes money from it, without your involvement and with little regard for the potential harms. Protecting privacy means pushing back against this system. How can I protect my privacy?One easy way to protect your privacy is to use a browser, like Brave, with strong privacy protections. The Brave Shields feature blocks third-party cookies , trackers, and fingerprinting by default—all of which are techniques that websites commonly use to collect information about you. When you’re connected to an untrusted Wi-Fi network or ISP , you can use a virtual private network (VPN) , such as Brave VPN , to protect your privacy. A VPN prevents anyone else on the network, including administrators, from seeing your activity; all they’ll see is that you’re using a VPN. It’s also a good idea to use a private search engine —like Brave Search —that doesn’t track you, your queries, or your clicks. Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Brave Websites, Forums, and Email Privacy Policy Read this document to understand how Brave Software (“us”, “we”, “Brave”, etc.) use personal data to operate its websites, forums, communications and the Brave Merch Store. To learn how we use data for the Brave Browser, see the Brave Browser Privacy Policy . To learn how we use data for publishers and creators, see the Publisher Privacy Policy. Infrastructure Brave websites are hosted on infrastructure we operate, and on infrastructure operated on our behalf by Amazon, Heroku (a Salesforce company), and Fastly. Fastly’s infrastructure is designed to be as close to you as possible — probably in the same country as you, though this is not guaranteed. The rest of this infrastructure is located in the United States, which is where information is processed and stored only for as long as necessary in order to provide services to you and support Brave in doing so. We take a range of technical and organisational measures to safeguard any personal data processed including the use of EU standard contractual clauses. Wherever possible we try not to process personal data. See data processing details . Community forums Brave provides two forums by which you can post feedback and comments on Brave’s services and publicly communicate with other Brave users - community.brave.com and forum.batcommunity.org . While Brave runs these forums, they are hosted on our behalf by the platform provider, Discourse. Use of our forums is subject not only to Brave’s privacy policy but also that of Discourse . In a nutshell, your personal data will be used to operate and improve the forum and to provide customer service and support. Please do read the privacy policies. We automatically capture and keep the IP address of all server requests but for no more than 30 days. You can access or delete your forum account (and related data) in the “preferences” panel at community.brave.com. See data processing details for more information about what data we use and why. BAT Ambassadors BAT Ambassadors is a volunteer-based program that champions Brave’s Basic Attention Token, and fosters communities of BAT fans worldwide. Individuals who want to become BAT Ambassadors must apply by completing our interest form . You will need to provide a range of personal information, which we will use to assess your goals and better serve you as a program volunteer. Please see below for the type of information we collect, its purpose, and how long we keep your data. See data processing details for more information about what data we use and why. Brave Merch Store When you buy from the Brave Merch Store, Brave and third parties acting on our behalf will process personal data such as your name and address, contact details, and payment information, to process orders and payments and to provide support to you. Data is held in the USA. We process payments via the Stripe payment system to make paying for items as simple and frictionless as possible. Those payments are subject to Stripe’s Terms and Privacy Policy. To fulfil orders, including printing, packing, and shipping items, and managing any returns, we use the third-party merch management platform Printful who act on our behalf. See the Brave Merch Store data processing table for more information about the use of your personal data. Advertising Brave to people using Facebook, Google, and Twitter Brave uses Facebook, Google, and Twitter ads to attract new users. Brave does not track people on Facebook, Google, or Twitter, or use any kind of in-app or Brave-server post-install tracking. See data processing detail. These ads link to pages on a separate website run by a company called Unbounce on Brave’s behalf, on servers based in the EU. See data processing details . Children Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the website, sign up for email updates, join the community forum, or send Brave any other information. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has interacted with the website, please contact privacy@brave.com . In that case, we will do our best to remove all related records. Support You can submit a support enquiry to Brave by clicking here: https://support.brave.com/hc/en-us/requests/new . We use an online ticketing system from Zendesk to help us manage our support to you. The information you provide will only be used to resolve your enquiry. What personal data we use and why Users of Brave websites Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To provide efficient access to Brave websites on the Internet IP address, user agent Our interest in providing a fast-loading website. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Cloudflare DNS log is 1 week. Fastly only logs aggregated data unless an IP address is suspected of security threat.Users of the Brave or BAT Community forums Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To operate the forum, including improving it based on feedback and use. IP address, user agent (version number of your operating system version and browser), community pages visited, incoming and outgoing links, reading times per post, user profiles viewed, likes given and flags being requested, registration IP addresses, posts that you write, pseudonym or real name, profile photo Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To send user-requested notifications or respond to user questions E-mail address, pseudonym or real name Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To provide customer service and support IP address, user agent (version number of operating system version and browser), community pages visited, incoming and outgoing links, reading times per post, user profiles viewed, likes given and flags being requested, registration IP addresses, posts that you write, pseudonym or real name, profile photo Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To display ongoing community conversations that include posts from members who have left the community. Posts by former members (these may no longer be personal data because once user name is removed the former user may no longer be identifiable) Our interest in maintaining an unbroken community conversation. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Until the forum closes. Applicants for BAT Ambassadors program Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To consider applications Full name, email address, social media usernames Legitimate interests—it is necessary for Brave to process the personal data to provide the service Data will be held for 6 months for unsuccessful applications in order to consider future openings for the program To operate the BAT Ambassador Program: Understanding volunteer goalsAssessing volunteer areas of interest or specializationTracking volunteer contributionsLaunching focussed initiatives with volunteersGroup messaging volunteers Full name, email address, social media usernames, languages, skills or talents, country where based Legitimate interests—it is necessary to fulfil participation in the program We will delete data after 6 months of an Ambassador’s registration becoming inactive, or after an Ambassador chooses to leave the program Brave Merch Store Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To process and deliver orders. First and last name; full postal address; email address; telephone number; order number. Recipients name if different from the person placing an order. To fulfil the contract between Brave and the Customer. Email address and telephone number are deleted after 180 days. The remaining data is pseudonymised after 180 days & stored for 10 years. (to meet legal obligations). To provide customer support. Name, email address, Order number; telephone number if provided. Legitimate interests of Brave and customers to resolve enquiries related to orders placed with the store. 2 years from the closure of a ticket. To process payments for orders placed and/or returned. Depending on the payment method selected: full name; email address billing address; payment information (such as credit card or crypto payment address). To fulfil the contract between Brave and the Customer. The main payment provider used on the Brave Merch Store is Stripe. Please see the Stripe Terms and Privacy Policy . Stripe will retain data for 5 years. Brave will have access to payment data supplied to Stripe (except the credit card verification code - CVC) for a period of 15 months, to arrange refunds and provide customer support. To meet legal obligation to retain information relating to payment of taxes and accounting practices. Full name; postal address; order number. To fulfil a legal obligation. The data is pseudonymised after 180 days & stored for 10 years. Advertising Brave to people using Facebook, Google, and Twitter Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To market Brave to prospective users who use Facebook and Google websites and apps.For Facebook: Facebook ID (not available to Brave, and used by Facebook for people logged in to Facebook), actions on Facebook, location, age, gender, previously visited website, device details. For Google: Google ID (not available to Brave), keywords used in searches, and interests determined by Google based on what the person has done and browsed (“affinity audiences” and “custom intent audiences”). Legitimate interest. Brave’s interest is to attract users, and to defend those users’ privacy over the long term. Everybody has an interest in gaining protection from tracking. Therefore, Brave uses advertising on Facebook and Google to offer its service to people whose privacy and data rights are currently unprotected. Brave does not receive or store data. Google or Facebook store the data until the user deletes their Google or Facebook account. To market Brave to prospective users using variations of landing pages that cater to their interests. Unique ID assigned by Unbounce, unique ID assigned by Facebook, referral URL. Country/region, timezone, operating system, device, browser, ID, IP address, timestamp, page variant visited. Legitimate interest. This might seem unusual, but consider the following. Brave’s interest is to attract users, and to defend those users’ privacy over the long term. Everybody has an interest in gaining protection from tracking. Therefore, Brave uses advertising on Facebook and Google to offer its service to people whose privacy and data rights are currently unprotected. Unbounce stores the data for 184 days. Research and product development, including related surveys Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To receive user testing responses (from survey and tests in person) Name, contact details, responses to survey questions about use of Brave Browser Consent 1 year To send Brave Beta Testers new software E-mail address, Name Consent The duration of a person’s participation in Brave Beta Testing Support/General Correspondence/competitions Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To respond to requests for customer support IP address, email address, data submitted in a support request Legitimate interests of Brave and the customer The time needed to resolve the customer support query To run occasional contests E-mail address, IP address Consent The duration of an individual contest. General correspondence Data sent by the person communicating. Our interest in correctly responding to users, and maintaining good relations with them. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Indefinite. Contacting Brave about your privacy We are always interested in hearing and responding to questions and concerns at twitter.com/brave and at github.com/brave . More in-depth conversations can be had at community.brave.com . We are represented in Europe by Brave Software Europe Ltd (based in the UK). You can contact our data protection officer and the rest of our privacy team at privacy@brave.com . However, from the 1st January 2021, given the UK’s exit from the EU, Brave has appointed an EU nominated representative and which you may contact if you would prefer not to contact Brave directly: Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland You can ask to know what information we have about you, update incorrect information, delete it, object to our use of it, or get a copy of it. If you’re in the European Union, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority (though everyone should have this right). We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. Some countries in the European Union have defined a child as any person under the age of 13. This varies from country to country, as provided for in Article 8(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This policy uses the lowest age for consistency. ↩︎ The Domain Name Systems (DNS) translates domain names such as Brave.com in to the IP addresses that web browsers use. Cloudflare is our DNS provider. See https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-dns/ . ↩︎ Content Management Networks (CDNs) attempt to speed up websites by using servers near to the user requesting the site. Fastly is our CDN provider. See https://www.fastly.com/solutions/digital-publishing . ↩︎ Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St.Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Brave Browser Privacy Policy Our company does not store any record of people’s browsing history. We don’t write any personal data to the blockchain. The only way a user’s data is stored by Brave is if the user has switched on Rewards or Sync. Read this document to understand how the Brave Browser uses data. To learn how we use data to operate our websites, forums, and communications, visit the Website Privacy Policy . To learn how we use data for publishers and creators visit the Publisher Privacy Policy on the Basic Attention Token website. In this policy “we”, “us”, etc. refers to Brave Software Inc, while “Brave” refers to the browser. Security & updates Brave automatically checks with us for updates. This ensures that you always have access to the latest security fixes. We count the number and type of these requests when we receive them to produce aggregate statistics. No particular person’s information can be identified in the statistics we produce. You can also update to the latest version here . Safe Browsing The Brave Browser automatically uses Google Safe Browsing to help protect you against websites, downloads and extensions that are known to be unsafe (such as sites that are fraudulent or that host malware). On desktop, we use the Safe Browsing Update API which relies on storing URL hashes locally on your device. We proxy these requests through Brave’s servers to reduce the amount of information sent to Google (for example, we remove your IP address) to protect against Google profiling or tracking you when using Safe Browsing. On iOS, Apple proxies Google Safe Browsing through their own servers. For iOS users in mainland China, Apple may also use the Tencent Safe Browsing service. More details at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/safari/ . On Android, we use the SafetyNet Safe Browsing API which sends partial URL hashes directly to Google when a URL is determined to be potentially malicious by the list stored locally on your device, as per the Safe Browsing Update API. If you prefer not to use Safe Browsing, just visit to change your settings to “No protection (not recommended)”. On iOS, open “Brave Shields & Privacy” inside settings and disable “Block Dangerous Sites”. On Android, open “Brave Shields & privacy” inside settings and then set the Safe Browsing option to “No protection (not recommended)”. Sync If you switch on Sync then your bookmarks (and soon passwords and other data) will be saved in an encrypted file on a cloud storage service, to which you will have the only decryption key. The data are entirely inaccessible to Brave and to the cloud storage provider. Learn how to switch on Sync here. (Note that only Brave version 0.59 and above have the Sync feature. You can update to the latest version here .) Location If you use Brave to visit a website that wants to determine your location, you will be asked whether you want it to be allowed to know where you are. If you click yes to this message, then the website will be sent an approximation of where you are based on your IP address. Your IP address will not be stored by Brave, but it may be stored by the website you have visited. See data processing detail . Brave Rewards If you enable Brave Rewards , we assign your Brave browser a “Rewards Payment ID,” which is used to account for Basic Attention Token ( BAT ) rewards you may earn for seeing Brave Private Ads . We will also ask you to select your country, which we will use to assign a country code to your Rewards Payment ID. The country code helps us ensure Ads are displayed to individuals depending on their country. We will also use the country code to help us prevent fraud. You can find your Rewards Payment ID by navigating to brave://rewards-internals. If you want to withdraw any BAT from your Brave Rewards balance, add BAT to it, or send on-demand tips to Brave Creators , you will need to link Brave Rewards to a custodial account using one of our custodial partners such as Uphold , Gemini , or bitFlyer (Japan only). When you make an on-demand tip to Brave Creators using BAT from your linked custodial account(s), the custodian can see and record the details of your tipping transactions (such as, but not limited to, the amount and the recipient). This is subject to the privacy policies of Uphold , Gemini , or bitFlyer . However, when using the Auto-Contribute feature to support Brave creators with BAT from your custodial account, neither Brave nor your custodian can tell which specific creators you’re contributing to . Even with Brave Rewards enabled and a Rewards Payment ID assigned, we never collect your browsing history or similar information, and we can’t derive this information from your contributions to content creators or sites.We also cannot tell which specific Brave Private Ads you’ve seen or interacted with . When you link a custodial account to Brave Rewards, three things become associated with your Rewards Payment ID: a custodian ID, deposit address(es), and a country code. All three are assigned by the custodial partner. The deposit address allows us to make deposits to your custodial account, while the country code helps us prevent fraud and limit service to users in countries where Brave Rewards is supported. In addition, we also use IP addresses and Rewards Payment IDs associated with monthly BAT payments to safeguard against fraud. See Brave Rewards data processing table We record these identifiers on servers located in the United States. We take a range of technical and organisational measures to safeguard personal data. Ads If you switch on Brave Rewards we automatically enable Brave Ads. This means you will receive ads in the form of notifications and in-browser sponsored content, and Basic Attention Tokens to reward you for viewing those ads. While the categories of ads that you see and when you see them are inferred from your browsing activity, the data are stored on your device and are inaccessible to us. We will receive anonymized confirmations for ads that you have viewed, but no data that identifies you or that can be linked to you as an individual leaves the Brave browser on your device. You can disable Ads by visiting and turning off the Ads default. In the cases where we collect high-level statistics relating to web activity data (e.g. what are the estimated amount of ads that can be served to different content categories that users encounter as they browse the web) we use proven privacy mechanisms like local differential privacy that guarantee that no information about individual users will ever be revealed to us. Read more about how we achieve this with Privacy Preserving Product Analytics and Private Advertising Analytics . To read more about Brave Ads and privacy have a look at our FAQ . Brave Wallet The Brave Wallet is a secure crypto wallet built directly into the Brave browser. You can buy, send, store, and swap thousands of assets (and NFTs) seamlessly on 100+ blockchain networks including Ethereum, Solana, Filecoin, and more. You can learn more about ‘crypto wallets’ and the Brave Wallet here Brave does not track any of the actions you make in your wallet. We strive to put privacy first: Brave proxies and strips the IP address associated with access to the Brave Wallet.When you make a transaction using a third party that redirects you to their services, such as an on-ramp partner, they will capture your IP address and may conduct identity verification checks in order to meet obligations they have under sanctions and anti-money laundering laws. You should review the privacy notices and terms of service of those third parties.We use Decentralised Exchange Aggregators (DEX) such as 0x for swaps made on EVM compatible blockchains and Jupiter for swaps completed on the Solana blockchain. They will also process your wallet address, related transaction data and your IP address but will ONLY use this data to fulfil the transaction (including getting a quote). We will use anonymized and aggregated statistics from on-ramp partners that include regional volumes of transactions, including daily number of transactions by token/chain; daily $ volume of transactions by token/chain; monthly unique transactions by token/chain. We use this statistical data to understand at a high level which cryptocurrency assets are being used and on which platforms. Brave News Brave News is a private, ad-supported content news reader integrated into the Brave browser. It provides news content, Brave offers, display advertising, and promoted content. It is off by default. When you turn ON Brave News, a range of content is presented by default. The default content is selected using Brave Search . You can at any time change the default content settings and choose what content you want appearing in your feed. You can also add feeds manually by subscribing directly to publishers’ content using publicly available RSS feeds. To protect your privacy, Brave employs a combination of methods for delivering content that ensure your browser cannot be identified or tracked by Brave or any third party. Headlines are made available on a public CDN in text files, the same file for all users for each region. Some images from publishers and images in the Brave News user interface are processed to improve performance and ensure they display correctly in the Brave News user experience. Processed images are all delivered through a private and encrypted proxy method. The proxy removes and does not retain IP addresses before passing the encrypted request to the private content server, which then sends the encrypted reply back to the browser via the proxy.All other publisher images are collected directly from the publishers from your device. When you add RSS feeds manually, the text and images are collected directly from the publisher of the RSS feed and included in Brave News on the client. The feed of text and images from Brave and from your RSS feeds is temporarily stored on your device, and it is replaced upon starting or refreshing your Brave News session. Display advertising and promoted content is delivered to all browsers within a given country that have turned on and enabled Brave News. Images from these are served by Brave using its private and encrypted proxy. If you also enable Brave Ads, advertising will be presented based on your interests, as inferred from your browsing behaviour and done on your device. Brave News remains private to you and anonymous. Brave News will offer suggestions of sources you might like to follow. If you choose to follow a suggested source it will be added to your Following list; you can always unfollow a source via the Settings panel. The suggestions and your choices are determined on your browser and never leave your device. Your Brave News sessions are not logged or saved by Brave. This information is private to you and only you. Brave’s source list, content aggregator and Suggestions service are open source and available to view via GitHub. Please note : The RSS feed content you add is collected directly from the feed source and not proxied by Brave. The Brave browser fetches it without ever hitting Brave servers, and Brave never knows anything about your chosen RSS feeds. It’s your choice. You can add, follow, unfollow, or hide content sources any time. Brave Talk Brave Talk is a private video and/or audio conference tool. What you say or type in the service is not logged or saved. Who you talk to, when, and how, is private to you. See data processing detail . Please note that Brave uses the 8x8 communications platform, and software (API) capabilities of 8x8 (based on the Jitsi Open Source video conferencing software) to help deliver Brave Talk. 8x8 provides a service on behalf of Brave, and we remain responsible for Brave Talk. What information does Brave Talk process? We process the minimum information necessary to provide the Brave Talk service. This includes: Your IP address and the URL of the meeting that will be processed only to enable calls; they are not retained after a call ends.If you use the chat function, chats will be temporarily cached for the duration of the meeting.If you record a meeting that you host, the recording will be temporarily stored on the server for 24 hours to allow you to download it. Your name and email address that you choose to display will be processed and available during the meeting. While communications are encrypted between the Brave browser and Brave Talk servers via transport layer encryption, they are not encrypted on the server during a call, unless you enable Video Bridge Encryption (VBE). Additional security options are available to you in the settings menu once you initiate a call. These include: Enable Lobby : This lets you protect your meeting by only allowing people to enter after being approved by a moderator. Add a passcode : This lets you restrict access to the meeting to people who have been provided the code. Enable Video Bridge Encryption (VBE) : This is currently experimental. If you enable VBE, it will disable server side services such as recording, live streaming, and phone participation. Note that if you enable VBE but other participants do not, they won’t be able to see or hear you. Please note that if you upgrade to the Brave Talk Premium plan, Brave will require an email address to initially create a premium account, and subsequently to manage your access to the account using anonymous credentials. We use the third-party payment provider Stripe to process payments for premium subscriptions. Stripe will process your email address, name, and payment card data for the purpose of managing your subscription payments only. Brave does not receive nor have access to your payment method details supplied to Stripe, and we cannot associate an account email address or payment details with your communications on Brave Talk. Web3 calls are a special feature of Brave Talk. They use Web3 services as a gating mechanism to a call, so that only people who can prove ownership of a particular NFT can join a video call. For each new Web3 Brave Talk call the service will look up NFT addresses that match users’ Brave Wallet addresses, via a service called Simplehash. The address lookup is handled via an anonymous proxy, which means Brave servers never record the addresses and have no visibility of members of a call. Web3 calls use the same infrastructure as non-Web3 Brave Talk calls. However, the use of NFTs and POAPs (which are publicly available on blockchains) makes the members of Web3 calls anonymous but not private.To avoid scams: For the avoidance of phishing attacks, note that we at Brave will never contact Brave Browser users in a Brave Talk call. We do not authenticate users or their associated avatar images. Accordingly, you should never share any confidential information with anyone on Brave Talk unless you are certain that you know who you are talking to. (Of course, this is a good practice regardless of whether you are using Brave Talk, or email, or any other form of communication.) Brave Translate Brave removes IP addresses associated with requests submitted to the translation service. Additionally, any text submitted is not retained after the request completes. We do this to protect your privacy. Brave Firewall + VPN You can subscribe to the Brave Firewall + VPN via the applicable iOS App Store and Google Play Store. The Firewall + VPN is powered by the Guardian and who also provide technical support to Brave. See data processing detail . Web Discovery Project The Web Discovery Project is intended to make Brave Search more relevant and useful for everyone. If you opt in, you’ll contribute some anonymous data about searches and web page visits made within the Brave Browser (including pages arrived at via some, but not all, other search engines). This data helps build the Brave Search independent index, and ensure we show relevant results to your search queries and support more relevant experiences with Brave products and services. Collection is done in a privacy preserving fashion. By default, the Web Discovery Project discards search queries that are too long or suspicious looking (e.g. those that include phone numbers). It also discards odd URLs (e.g. those containing hashes), URLs of pages with a no-index flag, and pages that are not public or require any sort of authentication. The system is designed so that no data received can be linked back to individuals or their devices. For a URL to be sent it needs to be visited independently by a large number of people. All data received is unlinkable, making it impossible to build profiles or sessions of Web Discovery Project contributors. How we improve Brave Diagnostic reports When Brave crashes or freezes, it creates a report that can be sent to us to help us diagnose and fix whatever caused the problem. This report contains technical information about your computer system and the event causing the problem. The data can’t be used to identify you. We use a service called Backtrace.io to store the reports. You can choose whether to send us these reports. Even if you have chosen to send reports in the past, you can turn off future reports in settings . Privacy Preserving Product Analytics The Browser sends us anonymous reports to alert us to product problems and necessary improvements. None of the information it reports harms your privacy. The report only describes general use of the Browser, such as a general range of how many extensions are installed, a general range of how many tabs are open, and whether features like Shields, Rewards, and Ads are switched on. See the full list of questions here . These reports are stripped of metadata, and aggregated with measurements reported by many other instances of Brave. The data are not personal, and cannot be combined to identify you. You can deactivate Privacy-Preserving Product Analytics in Settings. Your feedback If you write feedback for Brave, we will use this to improve the product. See data processing detail . Nightly, Dev, and Beta browser versions Nightly , Dev , and Beta versions of the Brave Browser are experimental previews of new Brave Browser versions. They allow us to test new features so that we can find and fix errors before releasing a new version of the Brave Browser. These test versions of the Browser may automatically send crash reports to Brave so that we can identify and fix problems. A crash report can contain personal information. See data processing details. How to switch this feature off. You can switch off “Automatically send usage statistics and crash reports to Brave Software” in settings. Tip: you can quickly access settings by copying brave://settings into your address bar. These incomplete versions of Brave represent unfinished and untested work on future versions of Brave, and their incomplete behaviour may not be adequately described by this policy. More information about the safety & reliability of pre-release versions of Brave can be found in our development documentation . Location Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To estimate the user’s physical location at the request of a website and with the confirmation of the user. IP address, and information about nearby WiFi access points (MAC address, signal strength, and SSID). Legitimate interest. No storage.Brave Rewards Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To make and verify Basic Attention Token contributions, (including to detect and prevent fraud). IP address at time of claiming a grant of BAT tokens or requesting confirmation tokens. Necessary for the performance of a contract between us and necessary to provide the requested service. Processing for the purposes of fraud prevention is based on the legitimate interests of Brave and users of Brave Rewards. Generally stored for 7 days. In cases of suspected fraud, stored for up to 60 days. In case of confirmed fraud, stored for up to 2 years. To make and verify Basic Attention Token contributions, (including to detect and prevent fraud). Rewards Payment ID, declared country code and Custodian ID and custodial country code when verifying a Brave Rewards wallet with a custodial partner. Necessary for the performance of a contract between us , (and necessary to provide the requested service & to provide customer support). Processing for the purposes of fraud prevention is based on the legitimate interests of Brave and users of Brave Rewards. The duration of the user’s account, plus 4 years in order to comply with US Internal Revenue Service requirements. Brave News Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To collect content from the server in order to display it for the user. IP addresses. Legitimate interest. The data are used in order to deliver the service, and the risk of the processing of the data is minimal. The duration of the request and response Brave Talk Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To facilitate communications via Brave Talk. IP address, meeting URL, chat content, audio and video, recordings of meetings. Legitimate interest. The processing is necessary to provide the requested service. Duration of the call, except for recordings of meetings that are temporarily stored for 24 hours. To create a Brave Premium account and manage account access. Email address Legitimate interest. The data is necessary to establish an account and manage account access. Until an account is deleted. Brave Firewall + VPN Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To send an alert to the user when a firewall rule is triggered. Pseudonymous user ID, details of the blocked tracker/firewall rule triggered. Necessary for the performance of the contract (to deliver the service). 3 days. To create private connections. IP Address. Necessary for the performance of the contract (to deliver the service). None. IP addresses are not logged. To provide customer support. Email address and other personal data that a user may choose to share when requesting technical support from Guardian. Necessary for the performance of the contract (to deliver the service). 12 Months after closing a support ticket. Brave IPFS Public Gateway Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To allow access to IPFS content when the user cannot access it via a local IPFS node IP address Legitimate interest. The user requested the service, and the risk of the processing of the data is minimal. Indefinite. (Protocol Labs) Your feedback Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To use feedback sent by users to improve the product. Personal data that a user may include in the text they write when sending feedback through an app store or any other means. Legitimate interest. The user intends for the data to be used for this purpose, and the risk of the processing of the data is minimal. 2 years. Browser testing and research (Nightly, Dev, and Beta versions only) Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To fix problems in the Brave Browser by acting on issues highlighted by crash reports from Beta and Dev versions of the Browser Device model, iOS version, language, timezone, CPU architecture, carrier, connection status. Optional: Crash log (crash logs will also be sent if you opted-in when activating iOS) Optional: Comments and screenshots you share if you send feedback through TestFlight. Our interest in testing the product and fixing problems. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Apple retains the data for one year. Brave may retain some crash reports indefinitely, if useful for testing.Help with privacy settings in Brave You can find guides on how to change privacy settings in Brave in the Help Center. . Contacting Brave about your privacy We are always interested in hearing and responding to questions and concerns at twitter.com/brave and at github.com/brave . More in-depth conversations can be had at community.brave.com . We are represented in Europe by Brave Software Europe Ltd (based in the UK). You can contact our data protection officer and the rest of our privacy team at privacy@brave.com . However, from the 1st January 2021, given the UK’s exit from the EU, Brave has appointed an EU nominated representative and which you may contact if you would prefer not to contact Brave directly: Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland You can ask to know what information we have about you, update incorrect information, delete it, object to our use of it, or get a copy of it. If you’re in the European Union, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority (though everyone should have this right). We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. We hope you’ll find any changes agreeable, but if you’re not comfortable with changes to the info we collect or how we use it, we understand your choice to stop using Brave. Data are personal if the data can single a person out (on their own or in combination with other data), without an unlikely degree of effort or expense or technological development. The GDPR definition of “personal data” includes any data that can indirectly contribute to singling out an individual, including unique IDs codes, certain types of IP addresses, and encrypted data that one can decrypt without disproportionate effort. But data that are entirely impossible to access are not personal. ↩︎ Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Publishers & Creators Privacy Policy Read this document to learn how we use data for publishers and content creators. In this policy “we”, “us”, etc. refers to Brave Software Inc. (To learn how we use data to operate this website and other Brave sites, forums, and communications, see the Website Privacy Policy . To learn how we use data for the Brave Browser, see the Brave Browser Privacy Policy ). Basic Attention Token Tips If you are a creator who has a YouTube or Twitch account, or owns a website, Brave has a function that allows you to automatically receive gifts of BAT from Brave itself, and from your visitors. Brave tallies BAT donations to each website and channel (i.e. YouTube channel, Twitch channel, etc.) anonymously. Contributions to creators that have not signed up with Brave will be reserved on the device. No data about these creators or the attention spent on their sites will be transmitted to us at Brave. The data and all of the logic surrounding it will be entirely “client-side” (i.e. on the device only). To collect Basic Attention Tokens (BAT) you must create a Brave Rewards account on this site. This involves entering your name, email address, and phone number. It is also necessary to demonstrate that you are the owner of the site(s) or channel(s) for which you receive BAT. This is done by providing information from your web server or DNS provider. We may authenticate your credentials with the site that hosts your channel. In addition to authenticating your credentials with the site that hosts your channel, we will also check your email address at https://haveibeenpwned.com/ to determine if it has been compromised to help protect against fraud. We rely on legitimate interests to conduct this check. Before you can redeem BAT you will have to connect your Brave Rewards account to Uphold or Gemini, a payments service. Uphold or Gemini, based on your selection, will then tell us whether your account is in good standing, the list of currencies you have configured, and your preferred currency. Security We record IP addresses when requests are made to identify & prevent fraud and to protect the integrity of the service. We also monitor how the account is used, for anti fraud and to maintain the reliability and performance of the service. E-mail If you ask us to keep in touch with you by email, we will use SendGrid or MailChimp based in the United States to help us contact you. The processing of personal data on our behalf is subject to a range of measures to help safeguard your personal data including the use of EU standard contractual clauses. Every email we send this way will also include an unsubscribe link. Minimum age to join Uphold or Gemini The minimum age to join Uphold is 18 years old. The minimum age to join Gemini is also 18 years old. Publishers and content creators Purpose of processing Categories of personal data processed Legal basis of processing Duration of storage To communicate with publishers and creators that have signed up as Brave business partners. Name, e-mail address, frequency of access to these emails, links clicked, and phone number (if provided). Necessary for the performance of the contract agreed between both the creator and Brave (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The duration of the creator’s account with Brave. To maintain accounts, statistics, and billing with publishers and creators that have signed up as Brave business partners. Name, e-mail address, Uphold wallet ID, phone number, names and URIs of websites, Youtube, Twitch etc., including their favicons or avatars, an internal publisher ID, and transaction details. Necessary for the performance of the contract agreed between both the creator and Brave (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The duration of the creator’s account with Brave. To enable all publishers and creators to accumulate contributions of BAT from Brave, and from Brave users. Names and URIs of websites, Youtube, Twitch etc., and publicly available contacts, and transaction details. Our interest in providing publishers and content creators with BAT as soon as they start to work with Brave. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Indefinite. To comply with tax obligations. Uphold wallet ID (plus Brave revenue from transactions, which are not personal data), and transaction details. Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation . 4 years after end of creator’s account. Internal communications. Name, e-mail address, and internal publisher ID at the time of communication. Necessary for the performance of the contract agreed between both the creator and Brave (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). Indefinite. To detect fraudulent claims of “referral rewards”, ads and “user growth pool” BAT grants.Name, e-mail, phone number, IP address, names and addresses of channels (websites, Youtube, Twitch URI etc.) including their favicons or avatars, an internal publisher ID, internal identifiers. Where PayPal is used, the PayPal user’s country, verification status, and PayPal account ID. Necessary for the performance of the contract agreed between both the creator and Brave (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). Necessary for the performance of the contract agreed between both the creator and Brave (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The duration of the creator’s account with Brave. (Data may be stored indefinitely in the case of detected fraudsters). Contacting Brave about your privacy We are always interested in hearing and responding to questions and concerns at twitter.com/brave and at github.com/brave . More in-depth conversations can be had at community.brave.com . We are represented in Europe by Brave Software Europe Ltd (based in the UK). You can contact our data protection officer and the rest of our privacy team at privacy@brave.com . However, from the 1st January 2021, given the UK’s exit from the EU, Brave has appointed an EU nominated representative and which you may contact if you would prefer not to contact Brave directly: Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland You can ask to know what information we have about you, update incorrect information, delete it, object to our use of it, or get a copy of it. If you’re in the European Union, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority (though everyone should have this right). We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. For an explanation of what a URI is see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier . If some of the names of these websites and channels that Brave has recorded to facilitate BAT gifts from Brave and donations from users happen to contain people’s names, then we treat these URLs as personal data. ↩︎ Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources Back to episodes Season 7 | Episode 5 Live from Consensus! Gamifying your Identity and Next Gen Privacy Implications Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) of OneOf discuss ways they’re decentralizing identity in an effort to empower consumers and ultimately build loyalty. They also discussed some of the boldest companies and campaigns that have caught their attention lately. Listen on your favourite podcast player Show Notes In this episode of The Brave Marketer Podcast, we discuss: Data protection and working with vendors who value privacy respecting featuresWays that NFTs can build advocacy, utility and loyaltyThe role that family plays in career growth and importance of soliciting feedback Guest List The amazing cast and crew: Danny Wright / Eddie Satterly - Chief Brand Officer / Chief Technology Officer Danny Wright, Chief Brand Officer, and Eddie Satterly, Chief Technology Officer of OneOf - a platform building consumer-friendly Web3 software. Danny Wright combines a wealth of experience creating strategic partnerships for some of the industry’s most well known stars including, Aerosmith, Mariah Carey, Lauryn Hill, Dido, Maxwell, Run DMC, The Fugees, and Erykah Badu. As a sales and business development executive Mr. Wright has worked with Fortune 100 brands such as P&G, Dell, Samsung, Intel, AT&T, Verizon and media companies like MTV, VH1, NBC/Telemundo, Bravo and the BBC. Formerly, as the Chief Brand Officer at Adweek, Mr. Wright was charged with developing the global strategy for all Adweek awards, events and the relaunch of Brandweek. Currently, as Chief Brand Officer of one of, Mr. Wright leads the company’s efforts to deliver a custom marketing SAAS platform using cutting edge Web 3 technology to amplify loyalty, commerce, data and engagement for consumer brands. Subscribe and stream on all the platforms below Spotify Podcasts Apple Podcasts Google Podcasts About the Show Brave is at the forefront of a new online privacy frontier and has unique insight into the future of marketing and advertising in a cookieless world. If you're an agency, brand marketer or entrepreneur challenged by the changes in ethical advertising, consumer privacy and buyer expectations, this podcast will provide a backstage view of how influential marketers at top brands and agencies are responding to what's next. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc.| All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Privacy updates Post #27 | Jun 27, 2023 Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local network resources, and for how long. Post #26 | May 24, 2023 Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" threats browsers typically watch out for. Post #25 | May 11, 2023 Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's another example of Brave offering the most powerful privacy features of any popular browser. Post #24 | Mar 6, 2023 Starting in version 1.51, Brave will increase user privacy by extending the brower's permission system to cover legacy Google Sign-In… Post #23 | Feb 23, 2023 Starting in version 1.49 on Android and desktop (available since version 1.44 for iOS), Brave will hide "open in app" annoyances that appear on many websites. Post #22 | Feb 9, 2023 Starting in version 1.50, Brave will include a new feature called “HTTPS by Default” that improves Web security and privacy by increasing HTTPS use. Post #21 | Sep 28, 2022 New versions of Brave will hide—and, where possible, completely block—cookie consent notifications. Brave's approach is distinct and more privacy-preserving than similar systems used in other browsers. Post #20 | Aug 16, 2022 Recent versions of Brave on iOS include many new privacy features, ensuring that Brave iOS users have the strongest available protections of any iOS browser. Post #19 | Jul 19, 2022 Brave's new system STAR protects user privacy by ensuring the data users contribute are never unique to that user. This property, sometimes called k-anonymity, ensures that the data collector can only see a submitted value if the same value has also been submitted by some number of other users. Post #18 | Apr 19, 2022 Brave is rolling out a new feature called De-AMP, which allows Brave users to bypass Google-hosted AMP pages, and instead visit the content's publisher directly. Post #17 | Apr 1, 2022 Brave has further strengthened its fingerprinting protections by preventing users from being identified based on preferred browser language. Starting with version 1.39, Brave randomizes how your browser informs sites of what language(s) you’ve set as default, and what fonts you have installed on your system. Post #16 | Mar 8, 2022 Brave is shipping a new, powerful privacy-protecting feature called Unlinkable Bouncing. This feature protects your privacy by noticing when you're about to visit a privacy harming site, and instead routes that visit through a new, temporary browser storage. Post #15 | Jan 7, 2022 Brave continues to ship the most aggressive and broad privacy protections available in any popular browser. Starting in Brave 1.35, Brave includes protections against all known practical forms of “pool-party” attacks. Post #14 | Dec 22, 2021 Brave now includes network-state partitioning features, protecting Brave users from an even greater range of online tracking techniques. Post #13 | Dec 15, 2021 Brave has identified a new category of tracking vulnerability, forms of which are present in all browsers. We call this category of attack “pool-party” attacks because the attack uses collections (or “pools”) of limited-but-shared resources to create side channels. Post #12 | Nov 18, 2021 Brave is pleased to announce SugarCoat, the result of a year-long research collaboration with University of California San Diego to create a new system to improve Web privacy without sacrificing compatibility at Web scale. Post #11 | Oct 14, 2021 Brave is releasing additional protections against certain forms of bounce tracking. We call these new protections "debouncing".As of desktop version 1.32, Brave will protect users against bounce tracking by recognizing when the user is about to visit a known tracking domain, skipping visiting the tracking site all together, and instead directly navigating the user to the intended destination. Post #10 | Sep 21, 2021 Starting in version 1.31, Brave will support custom filter list subscriptions, allowing users to further control how unwanted network requests and in-page elements are blocked in Brave. This work is part of Brave’s goal of providing best-of-breed content filtering tools, and keeping people in control of their Web browsing. Post #9 | Sep 1, 2021 Brave is disabling filter list blocking for first-party subresources to improve privacy for typical Brave users. Advanced users still have the ability to deploy more aggressive privacy protections, even those that might break sites. Post #8 | Jul 21, 2021 Brave users can now choose to give sites temporary access to permission-protected capabilities to better protect their privacy. Common examples of permission-protected browser capabilities include web cameras, microphones, location information, and motion sensors, among others. Post #7 | Feb 1, 2021 This post presents “ephemeral site storage”, a new strategy for managing third-party storage in Brave, designed to improve Web compatibility, while maintaining the same level of privacy protection. Post #6 | Jul 20, 2020 Trackers are constantly working on new techniques for evading privacy tools, and keep deploying new ways to evade privacy-protecting tools like the Brave browser. This post discusses a recent technique trackers use, CNAME cloaking, and a new feature in Brave that keeps Brave users protected. Post #5 | Jul 20, 2020 In order to stay one step ahead of online trackers, Brave regularly releases new privacy features and improvements. This post discusses three recent changes in Brave that each help make the web a more privacy, and person, respecting platform. Post #4 | May 18, 2020 Brave's goal is to both be the best browser for protecting your privacy, and the best browser for day-to-day, full-featured Web use. This post describes new privacy features being developed in Brave to better protect user privacy, without breaking privacy-respecting, user-serving websites. Post #3 | Mar 5, 2020 Brave now protects users from being fingerprinted by making them appear subtly different to each website. Browser fingerprinting protection is available today in our Nightly version. These new protections both provide the strongest fingerprinting protections of any popular browser, and work without introducing bothersome permission prompts or breaking websites. Post #2 | Feb 20, 2020 Brave is releasing a new system for hiding unwanted, privacy harming page elements. These include empty page space caused by blocking trackers, and third-party ads that cannot be blocked at the network layer. Post #1 | Jan 23, 2020 Problem: Blocking Trackers Sometimes Breaks Sites. One of many ways Brave protects your privacy on the Web is by blocking requests to trackers. By blocking these requests, Brave prevents you from being followed around the Web, and from ad companies, data brokers, and other privacy-harming parties from recording your online activity. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc.| All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345Main menu Downloads Features Main menu Main menu Why Brave Many users rely on private browsers to keep their Internet habits away from prying eyes. But with so many options out there, what's the best private browser for you? In this article we examine the choices. In this article, we'll define what makes a secure browser, and look at some of the best secure browsers available today. In this article, we look at the fastest web browser and discuss some of the factors that affect browser speed, including the browser engine and javascript engine. See all Articles Why Brave Web3 is a whole new philosophy for how the Web should be managed and how users should access it. It's based on a version of the Internet that is decentralized and uses public blockchains to function. In this article, a primer on the fundamentals of Web3. Web3 relies on new technologies. You may have started to hear a lot more about blockchains, nodes, cryptocurrency and wallets recently? In this article, we'll explain what these core terms have to do with DApps, the decentralized applications that are core to Web3. Blockchains, Nodes, Cryptocurrency, Wallets… In this article, we’ll define some core Web3 terms, and scratch the surface of decentralized technologies. See all Articles Why Brave In the context of computing, privacy means that your personal data isn't seen by anyone whom you don't want to see it, and isn't used by … Computer security is the protection of computing devices, networks, and data from external threats. A browser (or Web browser) is an app for your computer, tablet, or smartphone that lets you look at and interact with websites. The browser … See all Terms Blogs Why Brave Articles Why Brave Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local … Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" … Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's … See all Articles Why Brave Brave strongly opposes Google's "Web Environment Integrity" proposal, the latest in Google's efforts to prevent users from being in control … Google is proposing a feature called "First-Party Sets," which would have browsers reduce privacy barriers between sites. This is both … The UK CMA (along with other regulators and web activists) are largely evaluating Google’s Privacy Sandbox as an isolated, independent set … See all Articles Why Brave We design FrodoPIR — a highly configurable, stateful, single-server Private Information Retrieval (PIR) scheme that involves an offline … We identify class of covert channels in browsers that are not mitigated by current defenses, which we call "pool-party" attacks. Pool-party … The question at which layer network functionality is presented or abstracted remains a research challenge. Traditionally, network … See all Papers Main menu Get help Get help with the Brave browser. Find quick help with anything related to Brave or its products and features. Find answers for common Brave Rewards issues, including earnings and payout questions. See all Help articles Get help Get help with Brave features, and connect with other Brave users. Request new features or changes to existing ones, and get community up-votes. Get help See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for Android. See the latest desktop changes for macOS and Windows. See what’s new in the latest version of the Brave app for iOS. See all Release notes Main menu Private advertising Build consideration for products or services through content-adjacent ads in Brave News, a private news reader in every Brave Browser.… Brave Search is the fastest-growing search engine since Bing, with over 6.5 billion annualized searches. Redefine your search marketing … New tab takeovers are like a digital billboard: Big. Eye catching. And effective. They reach large audiences in a short time, and drive real … Notification ads feature a title and short CTA; clicks drive users to the advertiser's desired landing page. Ads are served over content at … See all Ad formats Private advertising Achieved 23.8 million ad views, 8% blended CTR, 57% 10+ second landing visits, and over 1000 Tweets Engaging the New ‘Ad Chooser’: A co-authored whitepaper from Brave Software and dentsu international Realized 230% increase in new customer registrations and achieved a CTR of 13.8% See all Case studies Private advertising Danny Wright (Chief Brand Officer) and Eddie Satterly (Chief Technology Officer) … Robert Lund, Co-Founder and Chief Creative Officer at Studio TBD, discusses … Will Haire, Co-Founder of BellaVix, shares the tactics they’re currently … See all Episodes Private advertising A gallery of high impact New tab takeovers from top brands using Brave. See all Resources Localhost Resource Permission By the Brave Privacy Team Last updated See all articles This is the 27th post in an ongoing, series describing new privacy features in Brave browsers. This post describes work done by Sr. Research and Privacy Engineer Shivan Sahib. This post was written by Peter Snyder. Starting in version 1.54, Brave for desktop and Android will include more powerful features for controlling which sites can access local network resources, and for how long. Most popular browsers allow websites to access local network resources without protection or restriction, which puts users’ privacy and security at risk. Many popular websites query your local network , often as a fingerprinting technique; others do so to observe and possibly exploit information from other software running on your machine. Brave is the first popular browser to extend the Web’s permission API to control when sites can access localhost resources. Brave’s implementation allows advanced users to give any site access to localhost resources, while also avoiding the annoyance of prompts that a localhost request is likely malicious. Brave’s implementation also takes advantage of existing improvements Brave has made to Web permissions . What are localhost resources, and why might sites want to access them? “Localhost resources” is a broad term that refers to resources (images, web pages, etc.) that websites can access, but which don’t come from the “Web.” Instead, these resources are hosted (often unknowingly) by other software on your computer. Surprising though it may be, most browsers allow websites to access these local resources just as easily as they can access other resources on the Web. Browsers allow websites to access localhost resources for a range of reasons, but the main two reasons are historical legacy (i.e. it’s always been done this way) and backwards compatibility. Browsers used to be less concerned about user privacy, and so didn’t enforce distinctions between first-party resources (those hosted by the site you’re visiting), third-party resources (those hosted on other public websites), and localhost resources. Thanks to this historical “accident,” a small but important amount of software has been built expecting to be freely accessible by websites, often in ways invisible to users. And many of these uses are benign. Examples include some wallets for cryptocurrencies, security software provided by banks or security companies, and hardware devices that use certain Web interfaces for configuration. In some situations, browsers also allow public websites to access localhost resources to help developers test their software. Unfortunately, a wide range of malicious, user-harming software on the Web uses access to localhost resources for malicious reasons . For example, fingerprinting scripts try to detect unique patterns in the other software you have running on your device to re-identify you, and other scripts try to identify insecure and vulnerable software on the machine and try to exploit it. How does this change affect how websites can access localhost resources in Brave? Brave is the only popular browser to ship multiple protections against sites maliciously accessing localhost resources.Brave currently uses filter list rules to: Block scripts known to maliciously scan localhost resourcesBlock requests from public sites to localhost resources This is in contrast to other browsers, which generally ship no protections against sites accessing localhost resources (see the next section for some caveats). Brave will soon start rolling out a new approach for protecting users against sites abusing local network resources. This new system will have the following parts: Requests to localhost resources, from a localhost context are allowed automatically; Brave does not block a locally hosted page from accessing other locally hosted resources. Brave will continue to use filter list rules to block scripts and sites known to abuse localhost resources.Brave will include a new permission called the “localhost” permission. Only sites with this permission will be able to make sub-resource requests to localhost resources. By default, no sites have this permission and, importantly, most sites have no way to prompt users for this permission. However, advanced users can use the existing site settings interface to grant sites this permission. Brave will also include a list of trusted sites, or sites known to access localhost resources for user-benefiting reasons. The first time a site on this list initiates a sub-request to a localhost resource, it will trigger a permission prompt of the previously mentioned localhost permission. This list is publicly available , and will be maintained by Brave. Brave has chosen to implement the localhost permission in this multistep way for several reasons. Most importantly, we expect that abuse of localhost resources is far more common than user-benefiting cases, and we want to avoid presenting users with permission dialogs for requests we expect will only cause harm. Additionally, we’re purposely inserting a permission prompt into a situation where sites won’t expect it (or even realize third-party scripts are trying to access localhost resources), and so we want to further limit the permission prompt to situations where we expect it’s beneficial to users and sites alike. How do other browsers handle connections to localhost resources? As mentioned, most other browsers do not significantly prevent websites from accessing localhost resources. The desktop versions of Firefox and Chrome allow both secure and insecure public sites to access localhost resources, and seem to intend to allow public secure sites to access localhost resources indefinitely. As a side-effect of security restrictions, Safari currently blocks requests to localhost resources (as do other WebKit browsers) from secure public websites. But to the best of our understanding, Safari does not explicitly intend to block these requests from public websites. As far as we can tell, Brave is the only browser that will block requests to localhost resources from both secure and insecure public sites, while still maintaining a compatibility path for sites that users trust (in the form of the discussed localhost permission). What’s next for localhost resource handling in Brave? We’re excited to share this work with Brave users, and expect it to make the Brave browser even more powerful without harming user privacy. However, there’s more work to be done to improve how browsers handle localhost resources. First, we’re exploring ways to better explain to users what localhost resources are, while they’re using Brave. Once we’re confident we’ve found a way of explaining what the permission controls that non-advanced users can understand, we plan on making the permission available to all sites, and not only those on our list. Second, we’re pushing these protections deeper in the network stack, so that Brave can protect users against additional, less common methods of sites making localhost requests (including DNS records that refer to localhost). We also hope to have more to share soon. Third, we’re interested in unifying and expanding how we can apply permissions (or permissions-like controls) to network requests in general. Brave already applies permissions protections to Google login requests that require third-party cookies , and we’re interested in seeing what other similar uses make sense. The main difficulty here is applying an asynchronous permission model to requests that are often made with synchronous expectations. Again, we’re exploring several options, both within Brave and with external researchers, and hope to have more to share soon. Brave’s localhost protections do not apply to aliases the user may have installed for localhost, such as in . See the final section of this blog post for more details. ↩︎ On Desktop, users can grant sites the localhost permission at .Android users can do the same by visiting . ↩︎ Related articles Request OTR is another in Brave's suite of features that support the privacy needs of individual users, protecting far beyond the "standard" threats browsers typically watch out for. Forgetful Browsing is similar to, but more powerful and protective than, popular browsing extensions and private browsing modes. It's another example of Brave offering the most powerful privacy features of any popular browser. Starting in version 1.51, Brave will increase user privacy by extending the brower's permission system to cover legacy Google Sign-In… Ready to Brave the new internet? Brave is built by a team of privacy focused, performance oriented pioneers of the web. Help us fix browsing together. Resources Privacy policy Browser Company Social media Products Contact Support Advertising Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. Business Press Developer docs Creators Offices Brave San Francisco 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 Choose a language © 2015 - 2023 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved Almost there… You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online If your download didn’t start automatically, Download Brave Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Run the installer Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Import settings During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Get better privacy. Everywhere! Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 12345