Your Privacy Choices Welcome! Using this page, you may submit certain “data rights requests” in relation to your personal information used on our advertising platform. Specifically, in relation to our advertising platform, you may request the following in relation to our advertising technology platform: (1) access to your personal information, (2) deletion of your personal information, and (3) opt-out of “sales” and “shares” of personal information, “targeted advertising,” and use/disclosure of “sensitive personal information” . Please see our Privacy Policy on how to submit correction requests (which cannot be submitted via this form). Each of these rights are described further in our Services Privacy Policy here . We advise that you read the whole policy to understand how our platform works. We provide these rights to U.S. residents only , as our data is tied to U.S. households. By taking steps to submit a request, you are representing that you are a U.S. resident and that the email address that you submit via the form rightfully belongs to you (e.g., you have not obtained access to the email address through unauthorized or fraudulent means). For security reasons, we will first need to validate your control of such email address. Please click “Data Rights Request Form” below and follow the related steps. Where the form is relevant to you as a U.S. resident, we will email you a data rights request form. Note : Separate from the above, we may use website cookies/pixels that result in other “sales,” “shares,” and “targeted advertising.” To opt-out of those cookies/pixels, please click here . As an alternative, you can opt-out by visiting our website with the Global Privacy Control activated (learn more about GPC at https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ ). Note that these opt-outs are on a per-website basis and apply at the browser level for the device you use to opt out. Let’s get targeted together. Reach out for a conversation today. Solutions Platform Company Insights © 2023 Cadent. All Rights Reserved.Cadent Website Privacy Policy Effective Date: July 1, 2023 Cadent, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “ Cadent ,” “ we ,” “ us ,” or “ our ”), have designed this Cadent Website Privacy Policy (this “ Website Privacy Policy ”) to help you understand how we may collect, use, and share information in relation to our corporate website, https://cadent.tv (this “ Website ”). This Privacy Policy is part of the terms and conditions set forth in our Terms of Use located at https://cadent.tv/terms-conditions-of-use/. Any defined terms not defined herein shall take their meaning from our Terms of Use, unless otherwise stated in this Website Privacy Policy. Information Collected through this Website and How We Use It. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us. If you are a visitor to this Website, we collect information, including any personal information (e.g., name, email address), that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments, such as customer service, technical services, or media inquiries, or when filling out the fields on our Contact Us page. This information is used to respond to, and follow up regarding, your inquiries, provide you with requested information, and may be stored into our customer relationship management databases (CRMs) for purposes such as sales and marketing. We may also process your email address and password when logging into our client-facing portal (including any collection of such information via our registration process). We may also use the email address that has been provided to us (e.g., through a marketing sign-up list on our Website, by providing your email address to a salesperson, through a social media platform, signing up to an online event) to send you information about the products and services that Cadent offers (or may offer in the future). Information Automatically Collected Through this Website. We may automatically collect information about you when you use this Website. Web logs: Our web servers keep log files that record data every time a device accesses those servers. As such, when you access this Website, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, device and connection information, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, and standard web log information. This may be used for security, optimization, or other operational purposes. Cookies and Pixel Tags : We may automatically collect information about you on this Website via “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored within your device’s browser. They are created by pixel tags, which are essentially lines of JavaScript code that will collect information about you in relation to your website visit and also read and write information into the cookie (such as a cookie ID, discussed further below). Upon subsequent visits (either within the same browsing session or across separate browsing sessions), these cookies are read by its corresponding pixel tags so that the same browser can be recognized again, either on our Website or on other websites that have the same pixel tag. Cookies that are stored by us are called “first-party cookies” and cookies that are stored by third parties (via their own pixel tags) are called “third-party cookies.” In general, cookies and pixel tags are used for purposes such as remembering your log-in preferences, counting open rates and connecting URL clickthroughs from emails to our Website, analytics, development of this Website, providing targeted or interest-based advertising, and understanding the effectiveness of advertising campaigns (e.g., ads measurement, attribution, fraud detection, brand safety). Cookies generally do not identify you directly but, rather, have a pseudonymous “cookie ID” associated with it (e.g., a random alphanumeric string of characters). However, we, and our partners, may connect such cookie IDs with other identifiers to assist in advertising, measurement/attribution, or analytics-related purposes. Please see the follow link for more information about our use of cookies and how to make certain choices in relation to such use, please click the icon of a cookie near the bottom corner of our website. Self-Regulatory Opt-Outs : To opt-out of Google Analytics, please see the following opt-out provided by Google: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . To the extent we use Google , Facebook , LinkedIn, or Twitter for advertising purposes, please see these links provided by these respective companies to understand some of their related opt-out choices. More broadly, the online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving certain interest-based ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance (including for mobile apps at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices ). Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device; if you clear cache or cookies, be sure to reset your preferences as applicable (such as in the browser context). We are not responsible to the extent any such opt-outs are not honored by any advertising technology companies, as opt-out preferences provided by such companies are not under our control. Browser Settings: Further, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. However, if you reject all cookies, you may not be able to log in to this Website. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org . Do Not Track : We do not respond to web browser “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms at this time, except for Global Privacy Control (discussed further below). How We Share Your Information with Third Parties. In addition to any sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Cadent may share your information with third parties in some circumstances as follows: To our service providers that store or process data or otherwise perform services on our behalf, such as technical or operational services . This includes those that assist in operating and supporting this Website, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. To investigate or prevent potential or actual fraud, fake traffic, malicious activity, or other similar harmful activity. In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security, law enforcement requirements, or otherwise complying with legal process or regulatory investigations (e.g., a subpoena, court order). Where we believe in good faith it is necessary to comply with applicable law, enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Cadent and its employees or others. In the event of a merger, dissolution, reorganization, or similar corporate event, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or any due diligence relating thereto . In such case, the information that we have collected may be transferred to, acquired by, or otherwise controlled by a third party. In aggregate or otherwise anonymized form to third parties or publicly. To any other third party, where otherwise permitted by your consent or via notice to you. Information You Share on Third-Party Digital Properties. This Website may include links to third-party websites, social media services, or other digital properties where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews, or other personal information (collectively, “ Third-Party Websites ”). Your use of these Third-Party Websites may result in the collection or sharing of personal information about you by these Third-Party Websites. We have no control over, and, as such, are not responsible for, the privacy practices or the content of any third parties or Third-Party Websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the Third-Party Websites or otherwise by any such third party to make sure you understand their information collection, use, and sharing practices. Your Data Rights This Website is B2B in nature and focuses primarily on the U.S. market. We provide the following rights to all U.S. residents only, except for those visitors visiting this Website in a commercial or employment capacity unless such visitors reside in California. Subject to applicable law, we may limit or otherwise qualify how and to what extent we provide certain rights depending on the state of the U.S. resident in our discretion (e.g., reasonable fees that may be charged in the case of repeat requests within a twelve (12) month period, exceptions where consent may not be required, methods for submitting requests) and reserve the right to make further limitations or qualifications. Right of Access You may request access to the personal information that we have collected and maintained about you. For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), for the personal information we collect from users within the preceding twelve (12) months, and the business and commercial purposes for use of this information (including related disclosures), please see the relevant sections above.The personal information described in such sections generally correspond to the following categories of personal information under the CCPA: Identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity, geolocation data, electronic, visual, or similar information, inferences, and “sensitive” personal information (i.e., account log-in and password). Right to Correction You may request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of processing your personal information. Right of Deletion You may request that we delete the personal information collected and maintained about you. Note that the deletion of your personal information may be subject to certain exceptions (e.g., required for legal purposes, may infringe our or a third party’s rights, have compelling legitimate interests to keep, an exception set forth under applicable U.S. state privacy laws). Right to Opt-Out of “Sales,” “Shares,” and “Targeted Advertising” Certain U.S. state privacy laws, provide a right to opt-out of “sales” and “shares” of personal information to third parties and, more broadly, processing for “targeted advertising” purposes. Though the scope of these rights differs slightly depending on the state privacy law, you can exercise these rights with respect to this Website collectively for your convenience as set forth under Exercising Your Rights below. More specifically, we “sell”/“share” personal information, and process personal information for “targeted advertising, in connection with this Website by making available identifiers (e.g., cookie ID, email addresses or other contact information) browsing/view/click data, “event” data (desired actions taken on this Website), analytics data, and similar data to third-party adtech and analytics companies for our B2B marketing-related purposes or analytics purposes. For purposes of the CCPA, this personal information would generally correspond to the following categories of personal information under the CCPA: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other network information, electronic, visual, or similar information, inferences, and “sensitive” personal information. We do not have actual knowledge of “selling” or “sharing” any personal information of anyone under sixteen (16) years of age. Exercising Your Rights We do not use any information that you submit for your data rights request for any other purpose besides our verification and fraud prevention process and to otherwise resolve your request. A record of your request may be kept for legal compliance purposes. For Access, Correction, and Deletion Requests : To make requests for access, deletion, or correction, as such rights are described above, please submit a request to us by emailing us at privacy@cadent.tv . For Opting Out of “Sales,” “Shares,” and “Targeted Advertising” : For opt-out of “sales,” “shares,” and “targeted advertising,” please do any of the following: (1) Click the icon of a cookie in the bottom corner of our Website and opt-out of all cookies; (2) visit this Website with the Global Privacy Control activated (learn more about GPC at https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ ); or (3) Click the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of this Website and then, at the bottom of that page (where it says “ Note : …”), click the link to our cookie opt-out mechanism, and then opt-out of all cookies. Authorized Agents : You may have the right to designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights described above. In that case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above and to verify that the corresponding agent has been authorized to make a request on that person’s behalf, such as by providing us with a signed written authorization. Agents must provide information demonstrating that they have been duly authorized to our email address above before submitting any request to us. Response Timing : We aim to resolve any request described herein in forty-five (45) days or less (unless otherwise required by applicable law), though we may extend for another forty-five (45) days when reasonably necessary and as permitted under applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if such request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. Non-Discrimination and Appeals : Under certain laws, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising the rights set forth above. In the event we decline to take action on a request exercising one of your rights set forth above, you may have the right to appeal our decision under Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia’s respective state privacy laws only. Security and Retention.We have implemented security measures intended to protect the information that you send us. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.We will retain your information as long as it reasonably serves the purposes for which it was collected as stated in this Website Privacy Policy. This information may also be stored in backups. Changes to this Website Privacy Policy. From time to time, we may revise this Website Privacy Policy to reflect changes to this Website or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check this Website Privacy Policy periodically. It is the obligation of those visiting this Website to learn of changes to this Website Privacy Policy since their last visit. Any change to this Website Privacy Policy shall be effective once the modified Website Privacy Policy is made available on this website, and we will update the “Effective Date” accordingly. How to Contact Us. Please also feel free to contact us at privacy@cadent.tv if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy with the subject line, “Website Privacy Policy”. Let’s get targeted together. Reach out for a conversation today. Solutions Platform Company Insights © 2023 Cadent. All Rights Reserved.Cadent Services Privacy Policy Effective Date: July 1, 2023 Introduction Cadent, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “ Cadent ,” “ we ,” “ us ,” or “ our ”) have designed this Cadent Services Privacy Policy (this “ Services Privacy Policy ”) to help you understand how our advertising technology platform and related services (collectively, our “ Platform ”) collect, use, and share information to help provide advertising and marketing services to our clients, such as to target ads through various channels (e.g., websites, apps, OTT/CTV devices). It also explains your “data rights” in relation to your information (e.g., requesting information access or deletion), including opt-out rights regarding targeted advertising or having your data “sold” or “shared.”In this Services Privacy Policy, “ users ” (or “ you ” or “ your ”) means anyone who interacts with an ad served through the website, app, or other device, or whose information is otherwise collected through our Platform, whether directly or via clients or data partners. Overview of Our Platform Cadent works with “demand-side” and “supply side” clients and data partners. In other words, we work with brands and advertising agencies that are interested in buying ads on properties, such as websites, apps, OTT/CTV devices (e.g., streaming devices, “Smart TVs”), and linear TV, the partners (e.g., vMVPDs) that provide the ad space on such properties (also known as advertising “inventory”), and related adtech companies like ad servers, sell-side and demand-side platforms, and exchanges. We also work with data providers that disclose user segments and other information to us to help target an audience with ads or measure the effectiveness of such ads.These ads are typically targeted based on inferred interests or preferences as associated with a user device identifier or at a household level (this includes “retargeting,” such as where a user views a certain item and then receives ads for that item on third-party digital properties). However, in some cases, ads may be based on contextual information, such as the time of day, type of browser/device, or TV channel.In order to understand whether the ad campaign was effective or not, our Platform provides “reporting” directly or allows the ability to use a third-party measurement partner, which, in either case, will include analytics on interactions with ads served, clicks, downloads, or other ad interactions.To carry out the above, our Platform comprises different service offerings, each of which are interconnected. Primarily, this includes our: Sell-Side Platform (SSP) Allows clients to sell their advertising inventory to advertisers/agencies and other demand-side partners, such as exchanges and DSPs. Demand-Side Platform (DSP) Allows clients to buy and serve targeted advertising on digital properties and measure effectiveness via reporting. Audience Builder Service Allows clients to onboard their data (also known as “audience matching”) and combine with other data in order to create and export targetable “segments” or otherwise receive analytics and insights on their audiences (e.g., inferred interests). Identity Mapping Solution Primarily, an internal mapping of device IDs to households. Addressable TV Service Use of demographics, viewership data (content viewed on TV), and data “segments” to plan, execute, and measure the effectiveness of these TV advertising campaigns (e.g., cable, broadcast) via reporting. In summary, through our Platform, we help our clients reach consumers with greater efficiency and relevance across various channels, including web, mobile, and OTT/CTV. We reach these consumers primarily through their device IDs as associated with their household. To do this, we collect and use the information that we’ve described in this Services Privacy Policy. We also provide convenient opt-out mechanisms, as we’ve described below under How to Opt-Out of Platform Targeting .Information We Collect We collect and use several types of information from you or from our data partners that help us (or our data partners) serve ads that are better tailored to your interests and to provide reporting and analytics services, such as inferring ads that performed better or worse based on user behavior.This information includes:Device identifiers E.g., mobile advertising IDs like iOS IDFA and Android AAID, IP address, OTT/CTV IDs, gaming console IDs, cookie IDs, or proprietary IDs. ZIP +4 and ZIP +11 postal codes Publicly available household postal codes; used to identify a household address, which devices and segments are associated to for “household-level” targeting. Household identifiers Pseudonymous IDs for ZIP+4/ZIP+11 above. Household addresses A master address list used for purposes such as address verification and appending ZIP11 and latitude/longitude. Device metadata E.g., device type, browser type, operating system type, and settings. Geolocation Data E.g., latitude/longitude coordinates or other geolocation information (e.g., based on IP address). Segments/demographics and interests A group of household IDs or device IDs that may share a common interest, trait, or preference, such as “auto intenders” or “guitar players”. These can be either our own segments or segments from data partners.We may receive demographic information or use data science to understand general demographics or interests, which can be used to make inferences for segment purposes (e.g., household income, number of household members, geographic area, retail interests) or to understand the value of a certain advertising opportunity presented in a bid request. Ad interaction data E.g., interactions with or in relation to an ad, such as clickthroughs, actions taken on landing page where ad takes you, app downloads, and purchases. This helps understand ad campaign effectiveness and what ads you respond more favorably to.This interaction data and other ad analytics can sometimes be provided to data partners for measurement/attribution purposes, described below, in the form of a document called an “impression log.” Other ad analytics E.g., TV content viewed, viewership data, which ads were shown to which devices or households, where and what they were shown, and at what time. Email addresses/phone numbers Email addresses/phone numbers that are either uploaded in “plain text” and then matched with a hashed email or hashed by us or our clients/data partners (i.e., utilize one-way cryptography such that it is a random string of characters). Client information Clients can upload their own information, such as their customer data, to our Platform (e.g., email addresses, postal address, device IDs) which we can then “match” with our own data and use for enhanced targeting. Source of Information We Collect The above information is collected through various sources, including:Clients As mentioned above, clients can upload their own information to our Platform for matching and targeting purposes. Bid requests “Bid requests” contain information describing advertising space that is available for purchase on that particular digital property (e.g., website, app, CTV/OTT device) and are typically sent by ad exchanges/sell-side platforms (SSPs). The fields within a bid request can depend on the specification (e.g., OpenRTB) but bid requests typically contain information about the particular user or device, such as device ID, geolocation information, content or URL being viewed, device metadata, and demographic information (e.g., age, gender). CTV/OTT Platforms and App Providers These entities may send similar information as those described in bid requests but can also send information regarding what video content is being watched on a device or app or viewership data more broadly. Pixels/Cookies/Macros Cookies are essentially small files of data that can be stored within a device to collect information across websites. Pixels are pieces of code that are inserted onto pages or ads, which can collect information from a device or read/write cookies.Ad macros operate similar conceptually to pixels and also collect similar information in relation to ads that we have served. Mobile SDKs These are usually placed by our partners within apps, which collects information that can be provided to us, such as device IDs or geolocation information. Data Partners We use a variety of partners that provide the information described in this Services Privacy Policy to us, such as consumer panel providers (i.e., provides insights from consumers based on surveys), geolocation providers, ad exchanges/SSPs mentioned above, other DSP or data management platforms (DMPs), measurement partners, address verification providers, point-of-interest (POI) data providers, viewership data partners, and segment providers. How We Use Information We Collect We use the information we collect to help clients and data partners better target ads to you, analyze trends and create reports about how users react to such ads, and generally optimize the Platform. Our uses include the following:Ad delivery and personalization Delivery of a personalized ad based on your interests or the interests of a household. Audience/matching/onboarding Matching client-uploaded information, such as device IDs, with household information stored within our identity map to provide a broader range of targetable device IDs. Device mapping Inferring whether a device is associated to a household or other general location. Also includes making correlations between actions on one device (such as a browser on a computer) with actions on another device (such as an app on a phone) to determine whether they belong to the same household or whether devices belong to the same user. Segment creation Creation of segments, as further described below. Measurement Measuring whether a user clicked on an ad, took some action afterwards (e.g., downloaded something, went to a retail store), ad viewability, and other analytics to determine how well an ad performed. Attribution Inferred determination of whether a user took an action due to seeing an ad (e.g., saw an ad and then purchased something). In other words, trying to reasonably correlate whether an ad prompted the user action, however such action is defined. Reporting A report on the performance of an ad campaign, based on measurement and attribution and associated analytics. Frequency capping and ad analytics Tracking how many times an ad was shown to a particular user (and how many times a particular user should be seeing an ad in general), where the ad was displayed, and when. Fraud detection Preventing invalid or fraudulent ad traffic or malicious activity, such as those caused by bots or malware. Optimization Optimization of the Platform, such as by further improving the use cases described herein (e.g., refining our bidding algorithm for better personalization of ads) or creating new services/features.Development or improvement of services/products/features more generally (whether with respect to the Platform or otherwise), Anonymization Information collected may be de-identified or anonymized and used for any purpose, including marketing or research purposes. More about “ segments ”: We make certain inferences about you or about your household generally, in either case, based on the information collected above. For example, we may analyze information associated with your mobile device ID, such as what apps you’ve viewed, what ads you’ve seen and clicked on (and actions you’ve taken afterwards), and where you are located, to determine whether that device, along with other devices, share certain interests, traits, or other demographics. Where we have found these common interests, traits, or other demographics, we put those devices into “segments” (e.g., “interested in clothes,” “auto-intender,” “travel enthusiast”). In many cases, we will look at these device-level characteristics to determine interests, traits, or demographics at the household level and roll those devices into these household-level segments (e.g., this household contains users interested in clothes, musical instruments, fashion, etc., or household race composition, income level, or education level). We also receive segments from our data partners, including those of the nature described above and similar segments. Our segments, along with segments from our data partners, are made available within our Platform for clients to use to improve the targeting of their ad campaigns. We also make available our own segments to other data partners, such as other DSPs or data management platforms (DMPs), for use by those partners’ clients. Note: In some cases, we receive certain health-related segments from our data partners, some of which may be considered “sensitive” under certain regulatory frameworks.We also create and receive political interest-based segments (which may also contain racial/ethnic origin-based segments) which includes both our standard segments and a representative list of our custom segments relating thereto. How We Share Information We Collect The information may be shared as follows: To clients/data partners In some cases, clients can export information they have uploaded or matched on our Platform, such as to themselves (in some cases) or to their (or our) partners. Further, clients may wish to receive the reports described above or similar information, such as information collected through macros or other technologies within the ads we serve. Our clients or data partners may wish to license our segments or other information we collect or create, such as the information contained within our ID map (e.g., ZIP+4/+11, device IDs).We may disclose certain data to facilitate “matching” with our clients or data partners, such as household IDs or ZIP+4/ZIP+11, for communication of segments or other information.We may disclose bid request data to data partners (e.g., exchanges, SSPs) for the purpose of selling advertising inventory. Data partners, such as measurement providers, may receive “impression logs” (e.g., information about campaign, timestamp, household ID) or similar information, which are received from our other data partners (e.g., exchanges) or through our own technology. To our service providers that store or process data or otherwise perform services on our behalf, such as technical or operational services. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us to assist us in our business activities. Examples include technical or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services. To investigate or prevent potential or actual fraud, fake traffic, malicious activity, or other similar harmful activity. In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security, law enforcement requirements, or otherwise complying with legal process or regulatory investigations (e.g., a subpoena, court order). Where we believe in good faith it is necessary to comply with applicable law, enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Cadent and its employees or others. In the event of a merger, dissolution, reorganization, or similar corporate event, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or any due diligence relating thereto. In such a case, the information that we have collected may be transferred to, acquired by, or otherwise controlled by a third party. In aggregate or otherwise anonymized form to third parties or publicly. Your Data Rights Note : We provide the below rights to all U.S. residents only (as our data is tied to U.S. devices and households). However, subject to applicable law, we may limit or otherwise qualify how and to what extent we provide certain rights depending on the state of the U.S. resident in our discretion (e.g., reasonable fees that may be charged in the case of repeat requests within a twelve (12) month period, exceptions where consent may not be required, methods for submitting requests) and reserve the right to make further limitations or qualifications. Right of Access You may request access to the personal information that we have collected and maintained about you on a device-by-device basis.For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), for the personal information we collect from users within the preceding twelve (12) months, and the business and commercial purposes for use of this information (including related disclosures), please see the relevant sections above. The personal information described in such sections generally correspond to the following categories of personal information under the CCPA: Identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity, geolocation data, electronic, visual, or similar information, inferences, and “sensitive” personal information. Right to Correction You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of processing your personal information. Right of Deletion You have the right to request that we delete the personal information collected and maintained about you on a device-by-device basis. Note that the deletion of your personal information may be subject to certain exceptions (e.g., required for legal purposes, may infringe our or a third party’s rights, have legitimate business reasons to keep, an exception set forth under applicable U.S.state privacy laws). Right to Opt-Out of “Sales,” “Shares,” “Targeted Advertising,” and Processing of “Sensitive” Personal Information Certain U.S. state privacy laws provide a right to opt-out of “sales,” “shares,” “targeted advertising,” and certain processing of “sensitive” personal information. Though the scope of these rights differs slightly depending on the state privacy law, you can exercise these rights collectively for your convenience as set forth under Exercising Your Rights below. We “sell”/“share” personal information, process personal information for “targeted advertising,” and process “sensitive” personal information. More specifically, our services disclose the following categories of information to buy-side or sell-side clients (e.g., advertisers, vMVPDs) or data partners (e.g., segment providers) for purposes of ID matching/resolution, facilitating ad inventory purchases (e.g., sending bid requests), measurement, segment export, and licensing of our data: Device identifiers and associated ZIP+4/+11 and household IDs, along with segments relating thereto. For purposes of the CCPA, these categories of personal information would be considered “identifiers,” “commercial information,” “internet or other network information,” “electronic, visual, or similar information,” “inferences,” and “sensitive” personal information. We also process such information for our internal advertising platform-related purposes, as further described in detail within this Privacy Policy. Note that, after opting out, we may still be able to process your “sensitive personal information” for reserved purposes as provided under applicable law and may still disclose personal information to recipients where we have appropriately limited their use of your personal information. We do not have actual knowledge of “selling” or “sharing” any personal information of anyone under sixteen (16) years of age. Exercising Your Rights As a U.S. resident, to make requests for access or deletion, as such rights are described above, please submit a request to us by either: Submitting a request form orEmailing us at privacy@cadent.tv . For “correction” requests, please email a request to us at privacy@cadent.tv . For opt-out of “sales”/“shares,” “targeted advertising,” and certain processing of your “sensitive personal information” (as these rights are further described above), please use the “Your Privacy Choices” link in this website’s footer or, under the CCPA only, send us an email at privacy@cadent.tv requesting these opt-out rights. We do not use any information that you submit for your data rights request for any other purpose besides our verification and fraud prevention process and to otherwise resolve your request (described below). A record of your request may be kept for legal compliance purposes. Verifying and Resolving Your Request For Access, Correction, and Deletion Requests : You must provide your household address and one or more device IDs that belong to you. To the extent we have associated a device ID with that household address, we will provide access or deletion rights in relation to each such associated device ID. Note that device IDs include mobile advertising IDs (e.g., iOS IDFA, Android AAID), IP addresses, OTT/connected TV device IDs, gaming console IDs, etc. Please consult your device’s documentation for more information on how you may obtain such IDs. For Opting Out of “Sales”/“Shares,” “Targeted Advertising,” and Certain Processing of “Sensitive” Personal Information : You must provide your household address, after which we will opt-out that household accordingly. You do not need to provide an associated device ID for these requests. For any of the requests set forth above (e.g., access, correction, deletion, opt-out requests), we reserve the right to require additional proof of your identity and residency as permitted by applicable law, or to reject requests that we reasonably believe are fraudulent or otherwise invalid (e.g., where you have submitted a household address or device identifier that does not belong to you or otherwise are not permitted to make such a request). Further, we may withhold any information where we reasonably believe verification has not been achieved to a sufficient degree of reliability or that release of the information may pose too great a risk of security to the user to whom the data may pertain. Authorized Agents : Under California, Connecticut, and Colorado’s respective state privacy laws only, you may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights described above (for Connecticut, authorized agents may only make requests in relation to the opt-out rights described above).We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above and to verify that the corresponding agent has been authorized to make a request on that person’s behalf, such as by providing us with a signed written authorization. Agents must provide information demonstrating that they have been duly authorized to our email address above before submitting any request to us. Response Timing : We aim to resolve any request described herein in forty-five (45) days or less (unless otherwise required by applicable law), though we may extend for another forty-five (45) days when reasonably necessary and as permitted under applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if such request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. Non-Discrimination and Appeals : You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising the rights set forth above. In the event we decline to take action on a request exercising one of your rights set forth above, you may have the right to appeal our decision under Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia’s respective state privacy laws only. How to Opt-Out of Platform Targeting Cadent supports industry self-regulation and endorses best practices and self-regulatory requirements that apply to our Platform. Cadent participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program and licenses the “AdChoices” advertising icon within ads that it serves through mobile and online channels. Learn more at http://www.aboutads.info .You may opt-out of receiving certain targeted advertising from us across various channels via the below mechanisms. Please keep in mind that even after you opt-out, you may continue to receive ads but those ads may no longer be based on your interests or activity. Besides the opt-out mechanisms described in this Privacy Policy, we do not honor any “do not track” or similar mechanisms in the context of our Platform. Website Opt-Out: You may opt-out of certain interest-based targeting on the web conducted by Cadent or other member companies of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) by visiting the DAA website here .This opt-out is browser-based and you will need to opt-out on each browser (and for each user that has a separate log-in on the same computer).Further, this opt-out is cookie-based. If you delete your cookies (which can happen if you clear or delete your browser history), then you will need to repeat the process. Additionally, an opt-out cookie may not be able to be set if your browser is set to block third-party cookies. You can also control the use of third-party cookies at the individual browser level but, if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or other websites. To manage Flash cookies, please click here . More detailed information about cookie management or other passive transmissions by specific web browsers can be found at the browser’s respective websites, documentation, or settings pages. Mobile Opt-Out: To opt-out of certain interest-based advertising conducted by Cadent or other DAA member companies in the mobile app environment, please utilize the AppChoices mobile app via your phone, which you can download from your app store or via the Digital Advertising Alliance AppChoices page here: https://youradchoices.com/appchoices .If you change your mobile device, you must renew your opt-out choice and, if you use more than one device, you must opt-out of each device via the AppChoices app on that particular device.Certain mobile device operating systems provide an opt-out choice that restrict publishers or advertisers’ ability to send device IDs, such as through Apple’s App Tracking Transparency Framework (Apple ATT). For more information, or to opt-out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings. If you prefer to not have your precise geolocation data collected, you can also make this selection within your mobile device settings. Note : Some opt-out mechanisms will use the HTML5 local storage of your device in order to save your choice preference. We may view the local storage of your device to determine what choices, if any, you may have made previously. If we recognize a choice preference within the local storage of your device, we will honor that request. OTT/CTV Opt-Out: Some OTT/CTV device providers offer a choice mechanism with respect to targeted advertising. To the extent these mechanisms entail sending a signal to Cadent regarding an opt-out preference, Cadent will honor these signals pursuant to those providers’ rules. For more information, including device-specific instructions, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/ . Children’s Information We do not knowingly collect personal information from those under sixteen (16) years of age via our Platform.Security and Retention We have implemented security measures intended to protect the information in our care, both during transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.We will retain your information as long as it reasonably serves the purposes for which it was collected as such purposes are stated in this Services Privacy Policy. This information may also be stored in backups. Changes to This Services Privacy Policy From time to time, we may revise this Services Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the services or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check this Services Privacy Policy periodically. It is the obligation of those visiting this website to learn of changes to this Services Privacy Policy since their last visit. Any change to this Services Privacy Policy shall be effective once the modified Services Privacy Policy is made available on this website, and we will update the “Effective Date” accordingly. Contact Us If you have any inquiries regarding privacy at Cadent, please send a message to privacy@cadent.tv with the subject line, “Services Privacy Policy”. Let’s get targeted together. Reach out for a conversation today. Solutions Platform Company Insights © 2023 Cadent. All Rights Reserved.Search Try searching for Hey there! Free trials are available for Standard and Essentials plans. Start for free today. Solutions and Services See what’s new Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert SMS marketing New! Reach your customers on every device Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place INTEGRATE YOUR APPS See 300+ integrations Shopify WooCommerce Salesforce Canva BigCommerce For your industry Professional Services Learn with Mailchimp Mailchimp Presents Courier For Developers Help Center Case Studies Events Professional Services Search This page is now available in other languages. EN EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Account Main Menu Close Main Menu Main Menu Back Close Main Menu Solutions and Services Email marketing Send personalized emails that convert SMS marketing New! Reach your customers on every device Social media marketing Amplify the conversation across multiple channels Websites Create your branded web presence Audience management Target and segment customers Marketing automation Deliver the right message at the right time Templates Customize pre-designed layouts Reporting & analytics Track sales & campaign performance Content creation Develop your unique brand with optimized content See all features See all our product offerings in one place Back Close Main Menu For your industry Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Back Close Main Menu Integrate your apps Back Close Main Menu Resources Back Close Main Menu Learn with Mailchimp Back Close Main Menu Mailchimp Presents Back Close Main Menu Courier Back Close Main Menu For Developers Help Center Case Studies Events Back Close Main Menu Professional Services Search Back Close Main Menu Search Mailchimp Search Mailchimp Reset Try searching for This page is now available in other languages.English EN English ES Español FR Français BR Português DE Deutsch IT Italiano Contact Sales: +1 (800) 315-5939 Hi, %s Back Close Main Menu Account Legal Standard Terms of Use In this document Thanks for using Mailchimp Please read these Standard Terms of Use (“Terms”) carefully. By using the Service (defined below) or signing up for an account, you’re agreeing to these Terms, which will result in a legal agreement between you and The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp (collectively, “Mailchimp,” “we,” or “us”). Mailchimp is part of the Intuit group of companies and our parent entity is Intuit Inc. We’ll start with the basics, including a few definitions that should help you understand these Terms. Mailchimp offers an online marketing platform (the “App”) that allows you to manage your contacts, to create, send, and manage certain marketing campaigns, including, without limitation, emails, advertisements, and mailings (each a “Campaign,” and collectively, “Campaigns”), and to create and manage online stores, web pages and websites to reach your people and sell your things (each, a “Site,” and collectively, “Sites”) among other things. The App is part of the platform operated by the Intuit group of companies (the “Intuit Platform”) and is offered through our websites, including https://www.mailchimp.com , https://www.tinyletter.com , and any other website or mobile application owned, operated or controlled by us (we’ll collectively refer to these as the “Mailchimp Site,” and together with the App ​​and insights, analytics, and other features we make available through our products and services, the “Service”). Mailchimp has employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, and representatives (“our Team”). As a customer of the Service or a representative of an entity that’s a customer of the Service, you’re a “Member” according to this Agreement (or “you”). A “Contact” is any person that you, a Member, may contact through our Service. In other words, a Contact is anyone on a Member's distribution list about whom a Member has given us information or is anyone who has otherwise interacted with a Member via the Service. For example, if you are a Member, a subscriber to your email marketing campaigns or a shopper to your Website or Landing Page would be considered a Contact. These Terms, including our Acceptable Use Policy , API Use Policy , Copyright and Trademark Policy , Data Processing Addendum , and Brand Guidelines (collectively, the “Agreement”) define the terms and conditions under which you’re allowed to use the Service in accordance with the Agreement, which in addition to our Global Privacy Statement and Cookie Statement , describe how we’ll treat your account and the data we collect and process about you, your end users, and your contacts and customers while you’re a Member. If you don’t agree to these Terms, you must immediately discontinue your use of the Service. Additional terms and restrictions available on our Mailchimp Site at mailchimp.com/legal/additional-terms (“Additional Terms”) apply to some features of the Service, including some which are offered as add-ons to your Mailchimp account (“Add-ons”). Unless expressly stated otherwise, these Terms apply to the use of Add-ons. Members agree to the applicable Additional Terms at the time they choose to add the corresponding Add-on or use the corresponding feature. Also note that a Member’s account may have access to unique features of the Service based on their historic usage or status. Mailchimp uses Google Maps and YouTube to provide certain features of the Service, and, as a result, we are contractually obligated to make our Members aware of certain terms related to the use of such features. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that by signing up for an account and using the Service, you are also bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service and the YouTube Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy ).If you download the App through the Apple App Store, Google Play or other app store or distribution platform (“App Provider”), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) these Terms are between us, and not with the App Provider, and that we are responsible for the Service, not the App Provider; (ii) the App Provider has no obligation to furnish maintenance and support services or handle any warranty claims; (iii) the App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party have relating to the App; and (iv) the App Provider is a third party beneficiary of these Terms as related to your use of the App, and the App Provider will have the right to enforce these Terms as related to your use of the App against you. I. Account 1. Eligibility In order to use the Service, you must: 1. be at least eighteen (18) years old and able to enter into contracts; 2. complete the account registration process; 3. agree to these Terms and the other terms and conditions linked in these Terms that form part of the Agreement; 4. provide true, complete, and up-to-date contact and billing information; 5. not be based in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, Russia, the Crimea, Donetsk ("DNR"), and Luhansk ("LNR") regions of Ukraine or any other territory that is subject to a government embargo; 6. and not be included in lists maintained by the United States or other applicable jurisdictions prohibiting transactions with and the export of US products to certain entities, people and jurisdictions. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you meet all the requirements listed above, and that you won’t use the Service in a way that violates any laws or regulations. Note that by representing and warranting, you are making a legally enforceable promise. Mailchimp may refuse service, close accounts of any Members, and change eligibility requirements at any time. 2. Term When you sign up for an account and agree to these Terms, the Agreement between you and Mailchimp is formed, and the term of the Agreement (the “Term”) will begin. The Term will continue for as long as you have a Mailchimp account or until you or we terminate the Agreement in accordance with these Terms, whichever happens first. If you sign up for an account on behalf of a company or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to accept these Terms and enter into the Agreement on its behalf. 3. Closing Your Account You or Mailchimp may terminate the Agreement at any time and for any reason. You may do so by terminating your Mailchimp account or we may do so by giving notice to you that we are terminating the Agreement. We may suspend the Service to you at any time, with or without cause. We won’t refund or reimburse you in any situation. If your account is inactive for 24 or more months, we may terminate your account and you won’t be entitled to a refund for any prepaid amounts or reimbursement for unused Pay as You Go Credits. Once your account is terminated, you acknowledge and agree that we may permanently delete your account and all the data associated with it, including your Campaigns. Usernames are unique and can only be used once. If your account has been terminated, the username will no longer be available for use on any future accounts and cannot be reclaimed. 4. Changes We may change any of the Terms by posting revised Terms on our Mailchimp Site. Unless you terminate your account, the new Terms will be effective immediately upon posting on the effective date indicated in the new Terms, as applicable, and apply to any continued or new use of the Service. We may change the Service, Add-ons, or any features of the Service at any time, and we may discontinue the Service, Add-ons, or any features of the Service at any time. 5. Account and Password You’re responsible for keeping your account name and password confidential. You’re also responsible for any account that you have access to and any activity occurring in such account (other than activity that Mailchimp is directly responsible for that isn’t performed in accordance with your instructions), whether or not you authorized that activity. You’ll immediately notify us of any unauthorized access or use of your accounts. We’re not responsible for any losses due to stolen or hacked passwords. We don’t have access to your current password, and for security reasons, we may only provide you with instructions on how to reset your password. We have the right to update any of your contact information in your account for billing purposes. In addition, you represent and warrant that all information you provide to us when you establish an account, and when you access and use the Service, is and will remain complete and accurate. We may contact you, or any seat, authorized user, or login added to your account, based on the information provided in your account. 6.Account Disputes We don’t know the inner workings of your organization or the nature of your personal relationships. You won’t request access to or information about an account that’s not yours, and you’ll resolve any account-related disputes directly with the other party. We decide who owns an account based on a number of factors, including the content in that account, and the contact and profile information listed for that account. In cases where differing contact and profile information is present or we are unable to reasonably determine ownership, we’ll require you to resolve the matter through proper channels outside of Mailchimp. When a dispute is identified, we may suspend any account associated with the dispute, including disabling login and sending capabilities, to protect the security and privacy of the data held within the account until the dispute is properly resolved. II. Payment 7. Marketing Platform: Monthly Marketing Plans and Pay as You Go Credits If you had a paid monthly plan on or before May 15, 2019, the following Section 7 may not apply to you and your account. If it does not apply, an alternate version of Section 7 applicable to you and your account is available in your account (navigate to “Account,” then “Billing,” then “Monthly plans or credits”). 7A. Paid Marketing Plans If you sign up for a paid monthly marketing plan, you will be required to self-select both your projected audience, as described in Section 7B below, and your package (e.g., Essentials, Standard, Premium) (together, your “Paid Marketing Plan”) from the options posted on our Mailchimp Site based on your anticipated use of the Service. Each Paid Marketing Plan offers different pricing and feature options and has varying usage limits. Once you select your Paid Marketing Plan, Mailchimp will never automatically upgrade or downgrade your Paid Marketing Plan. So, give yourself room to grow if you’ll need it! If you exceed your Paid Marketing Plan usage limits (either by exceeding your audience or monthly email limits, or both), you will incur additional charges for the prior billing cycle based on your current Paid Marketing Plan, which will be detailed on your bill and in your account. Before paying for your Paid Marketing Plan for the first time, you will have an opportunity to preview the additional charges which would apply to your Paid Marketing Plan should you incur them by exceeding your self-selected usage limits. If you decide to proceed, and you incur additional charges, you agree to pay them on or before the next Pay Date, as described below. You will always have the option to upgrade to a higher tier at any time. If you upgrade during a billing cycle, you may elect to upgrade your package, your audience limit, or both. If you elect to upgrade both, the upgrade amount for the package upgrade is calculated first, and the upgrade amount for the audience limit upgrade is calculated second. In any event, your monthly charge for that billing cycle will be calculated based on the number of days in that billing cycle during which you were at each of the lower tier and the higher tier (including any applicable additional charges for the higher tier). You will also have the option to downgrade to a lower tier at any time, but if you elect to downgrade during a billing cycle, your downgrade will not be effective until the end of that billing cycle, and you will still be charged for that entire billing cycle at the higher tier (including any applicable additional charges for the higher tier). When you sign up for a Paid Marketing Plan, you agree to monthly recurring billing, starting on the date you sign up. Billing occurs on the same day each month, based on the date that you first started paying for any recurring monthly plan. Payments are due for any month on the same or closest date to the day you made your first monthly payment (the “Pay Date”). If any part of a month is included in the Term, then payment is required for the full month. If you exceed your self-selected usage limits for your Paid Marketing Plan, then you’ll have to pay additional charges (as described above) for the prior billing cycle on or before the next Pay Date, even if the Term ends or you downgrade to a Free Marketing Plan before that payment is otherwise due. Billing for Paid Marketing Plans may be paused, and you may choose to close your account permanently at any time. 7B. Audience and Archiving You may have several types of contacts in your Mailchimp account, but only contacts that you can engage through the Service count as contacts in your “audience” for purposes of your Paid Marketing Plan or Free Marketing Plan. Subscribed, unsubscribed, and non-subscribed contacts count towards your audience. Cleaned, reconfirmed, and archived contacts do not count towards your audience, nor do contacts whose opt-in confirmation is pending.You may elect to archive contacts at any time, but any profile changes for an archived contact (whether initiated by you, the contact, or an integration) will automatically unarchive that contact. You cannot engage in any activity through the Service with archived contacts unless and until they are unarchived. If a contact is unarchived, it will immediately count towards your audience for your current billing cycle and any future billing cycles unless and until archived again. 7C. Free Marketing Plans All Members, including those who sign up for a Commerce Plan, have access to basic marketing functionality under the free marketing plan (“Free Marketing Plan”). If you use the Service under the Free Marketing Plan and you want to go over the Free Marketing Plan limits, you’ll be required to select and pay for a Paid Marketing Plan. Paid Marketing Plans are described in Section 7A above. If you exceed your Free Marketing Plan limits, or otherwise upgrade your account to a paid Paid Marketing Plan, you’ll only be provided one complimentary downgrade to the Free Marketing Plan (provided your sending volume, audience numbers, and other feature usage drops down to the Free Marketing Plan usage limits in effect at the time of downgrade). If you go over the limits for the Free Marketing Plan more than once, you’ll no longer qualify for the Free Marketing Plan, even if your future sending volume and audience numbers are within the limits of the Free Marketing Plan. 7D. Pay as You Go Credits You may also buy email credits to use the Service (“Pay as You Go Credits”), as explained on our Mailchimp Site. You will have an opportunity to review current rates for Pay as You Go Credits in your account prior to purchase. If you choose to buy Pay as You Go Credits, you’ll have access to the features of the Service included in the Essentials Marketing package, as described on the pricing page , and other than the monthly payment requirement, all of these Terms will still apply to you. Pay as You Go Credits purchased on or after May 15, 2019 roll over each month, and expire 12 months after purchase. Pay as You Go Credits purchased before May 15, 2019 also roll over each month, and expired on May 15, 2020. Pay as You Go Credits have no cash value, cannot be refunded or redeemed for cash, and represent a limited license to use the Service for the specified volume and type of service. 7E. 1 Month Promotional Free Trial Membership From time to time at our discretion, we may offer a promotional, free trial period of 1 month for a Paid Marketing Plan (“Trial Period”). To activate the Trial Period, you will be required to (1) enroll for the eligible Paid Marketing Plan of your choice, and (2) provide valid payment information to us at the time of enrollment. Free trial offer does not include Commerce Plans and associated transaction fees or add-on/one-time fees, such as transactional email (fka Mandrill) charges, pay as you go credits, Facebook ads, Google ads, or postcards. Upon the expiration of the Trial Period, you will be charged on a monthly basis at the then-current rate for the Paid Marketing Plan you have selected until you cancel, change to a different paid monthly marketing plan, or change to a Free Marketing Plan. Prior to the expiration of the Trial Period, we will notify you of the upcoming expiration of your Trial Period. If the payment method we have on file for you is declined, you must provide to us a new, valid payment method for the Paid Marketing Plan or we reserve the right, without further notice, to immediately suspend or cancel your continued use of the Paid Marketing Plan. To be eligible for the Trial Period, you must be a new Mailchimp customer and sign up for a Paid Marketing Plan using the “Free for 1 Month” option (or other like wording). The 1 Month Promotional Free Trial Membership offer cannot be combined with any other Mailchimp offer(s) and is available for a limited time. Offer is provided through a 100% discount to your recurring monthly Mailchimp plan charges for the first monthly bill immediately following fulfilling the eligibility criteria. You can pause your subscription or delete your Mailchimp account at any time via the Settings section in the Account & Billing area. Pausing your Paid Marketing Plan or deleting your Mailchimp account will become effective immediately. You can downgrade your Paid Marketing Plan in the Monthly Plans or Credits page in the Billing Section. Downgrading your Paid Marketing Plan will become effective at the end of the monthly billing period. You will not receive a refund for previously billed charges. Terms, conditions, pricing, special features, and service and support options subject to change without notice. 7F.Introductory Offer Terms & Conditions 50% off the monthly base price of Mailchimp Premium, Standard or Essentials for the first 12 (twelve) months of service, starting from the date of enrollment followed by the then-currently monthly list price based on your contacts and email sends. Your account will automatically be charged on a monthly basis until you cancel. If you add or remove features and/or services, your service fees will be adjusted accordingly. If you upgrade or downgrade to a different plan, the price will change to the then current list price for such relevant subscription. Taxes may be applied where applicable. Accounts will be placed on hold if no valid payment method is on file after the promotional period ends. To be eligible for this offer you must be a new Mailchimp customer or existing customer on the Free plan in select countries, and sign up for the Premium, Standard or Essentials monthly plan using the "Buy Now" button. Offer available for a limited time only. Discount has no cash value. Mailchimp accounts with compliance holds or violations are ineligible. You can pause your subscription or delete your Mailchimp account at any time via the Settings section in the Account & Billing area. Pausing your monthly plan or deleting your Mailchimp account will become effective immediately. You can downgrade your monthly plan in the Monthly Plans or Credits page in the Billing Section. Downgrading your monthly plan will become effective at the end of the monthly billing period. You will not receive a refund for previously billed charges. You will immediately lose the offer if you cancel your account during or prior to the end of the promotional period. Pausing your account does not pause the promotional period and the promotion will expire 12 months from when it was originally applied to your account. Changing your Marketing plan does not extend the duration of the promotional period and the promotion will expire 12 months from when it was originally applied to your account. These offer terms do not replace Mailchimp’s standard Terms of Use and Global Privacy Statement , which continue to apply to your use of Mailchimp. All personal information will be handled in accordance with Mailchimp’s Global Privacy Statement . Terms, conditions, pricing, special features, and service and support options subject to change without notice. 8. Commerce Platform: Monthly Commerce Plans, Stores, Websites and Domains 8A. Monthly Commerce Plans You also have the option to select a monthly Websites & Commerce plan (“Commerce Plan”) from those posted on our Mailchimp Site. With a Commerce Plan, you will have access to Stores, Websites, Domains, Appointment Scheduling, and related commerce features. All Members, including those who sign up for a Free Marketing Plan, have access to basic commerce functionality under the Free Commerce Plan. If you sign up for a Core or Plus Commerce Plan (such Commerce Plan, a “Paid Commerce Plan”), you agree to monthly recurring billing in advance, starting on the date you sign up for a Paid Commerce Plan. Thereafter, billing occurs on the same day each month, based on the date that you first started paying for any recurring monthly plan (e.g., Paid Commerce Plan, Paid Marketing Plan). Note that your first payment for your Paid Commerce Plan may be prorated if you first started paying for any other recurring monthly plan before you signed up for your Paid Commerce Plan; thereafter, your payment dates will align, and you will be billed for the full billing cycle each month. If you wish to cancel your Paid Commerce Plan, you may do so within your Mailchimp account, and cancellation will be effective on the last date of the current billing cycle for which you have paid. You agree to make all payments owed for your Commerce Plan in accordance with these Terms. If you had a free or paid monthly plan on or before May 15, 2019 and still have that plan, you do not have access to Paid Commerce Plans at this time. 8B. Stores If you create and publish a Store, you are also subject to Additional Terms found here . Irrespective of the Commerce Plan that you select, if you create and publish a Store, you will be required to pay processing and other fees to Stripe for any transactions conducted through your Store. Those fees will be described in your contract with Stripe. You will also be required to pay transaction fees to Mailchimp, the amount of which depends on your Commerce Plan and Store order volume. Transaction fees for each Commerce Plan are disclosed here . Transaction fees will be a percentage of total order value (i.e., total merchandise value, minus any promotions and discounts, plus all shipping and handling fees and applicable taxes), and will be calculated and automatically deducted from total order value (and retained by Mailchimp) on a per order basis. Your customers will not see these transaction fees during their checkout process.Transaction fees will not be returned or refunded by Mailchimp to you or your customer under any circumstance, including in the event your customer returns or exchanges a product or in the event of a fraudulent transaction; however, in many instances, a fraudulent transaction will be detected and terminated by Stripe prior to completion, meaning no processing or transaction fees would have been charged for that transaction. Please refer to your contract with Stripe for information on Stripe’s processing and other fees. 8C. Websites and Domains Mailchimp-branded domains (e.g., yourcompany’sname.mailchimpsites.com) are offered to Members free of charge. Members may also purchase custom domains (e.g., yourcompany’sname.com) at the prices set forth here . Members are billed for custom domains on the date of purchase and then billed annually for the renewal of the custom domain prior to the custom domain’s expiration. To provide uninterrupted service, we will automatically charge for and renew a Member’s custom domain unless the Member opts out of automatic renewal in the app or by contacting customer support. By purchasing a custom domain, you are subject to the Additional Terms found here . Websites for Mailchimp-branded domains are offered free of charge. To build a Website on a custom domain or a domain you connect to Mailchimp, you must purchase a Paid Commerce Plan. If you build a Website with Mailchimp, you are also subject to the Additional Terms found here . 9. Dedicated IP Addresses In certain circumstances, Members may have the option to purchase access to a dedicated IP address or specifically designated shared IP address (collectively, a “Dedicated IP Address”) for email sending purposes. Mailchimp, in its sole discretion, may determine whether to provision access to a Dedicated IP Address. Dedicated IP Addresses used to provide the Service are owned and operated by Mailchimp and we reserve the right to revoke a Member’s use of a Dedicated IP Address at any time. If your account uses a Dedicated IP Address and email sending for the account is paused or suspended for 30 days or more for any reason (including but not limited to compliance matters, failed or overdue payment issues, or voluntarily pausing your Monthly Plan), Mailchimp may reclaim the Dedicated IP Address from the account and terminate any future use of the Dedicated IP Address by the Member. 10. Debit and Credit Cards As long as you’re a Member with a Paid Marketing Plan, a Paid Commerce Plan, or a Transactional Email Plan (each, a “Monthly Plan”) or are otherwise utilizing paid features of the Service or have an outstanding balance with us, you’ll provide us with valid debit or credit card (“card”) information and authorize us to deduct your charges against that card. You’ll replace the information for any card that expires with information for a valid one. If your card is automatically replaced with a new card by a payment processor, you acknowledge and agree that we’re authorized to deduct any charges on your account against the new card. Anyone using a card represents and warrants that they are authorized to use that card, and that any and all charges may be billed to that card and won’t be rejected. If we’re unable to process your card order for any reason, we’ll try to contact you by email and may suspend your account until your payment can be processed. 11. Refunds You won’t be entitled to a refund or credit from us under any circumstance. However, we may, at our sole discretion, offer a refund, discount or credit. 12. Charges for Add-Ons If you use an Add-on that has a charge, then you’ll be billed that additional amount with each billing cycle for as long as the Add-on is active. Your billing cycle for an Add-on may differ from your billing cycle for your Monthly Plan or other features of the Service, and certain Add-ons may require upfront payment for their entire billing cycle. If you use Transactional Email to send bulk emails in violation of our Acceptable Use Policy, then we may charge you at the comparable Paid Marketing Plan rate or terminate your account. 13. Billing Changes and Taxes We may change any of our fees, including our charges for Monthly Plans and Pay as You Go Credits, at any time by posting a new pricing structure to our Mailchimp Site or in your account and/or sending you a notification by email. Quoted fees don’t include sales or other transaction-based taxes of any kind. “Tax” or “Taxes” means all applicable taxes, including but not limited to indirect taxes such as goods and services tax (“GST”), value added tax (“VAT”), sales tax, fees, duties, levies, or other similar taxes. Unless otherwise stated, any consideration, amount payable, prices, fees, payment terms and/or any other amounts are exclusive of Taxes.In the event that any amount payable by you to Mailchimp is subject to Taxes, Mailchimp shall collect the full amount of those Taxes from you and said collection shall not reduce or somehow impact the amount to which Mailchimp is entitled. You will reimburse and indemnify Mailchimp for any Taxes, interest, and penalties that Mailchimp may be compelled to pay on account of your non-payment. You must pay any applicable Taxes. In the event that any payments and/or amount payable by you to Mailchimp is subject to (i) any withholding or similar tax; (ii) any Taxes not collected by Mailchimp; or (iii) any other Taxes or other government levy of whatever nature, the full amount of that tax or levy shall be solely your responsibility and shall not reduce the amount to which Mailchimp is entitled under the Agreement. You will indemnify and hold Mailchimp harmless against any and all claims by any competent tax authority related to any such withholding or similar taxes and any penalties and/or interest thereon. III. Rights 14. Feedback and Proprietary Rights We own all proprietary rights in the Service and Mailchimp Site, including, but not limited to, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. You will respect our proprietary rights in the Service and Mailchimp Site, and you may only use our brand assets according to our Brand Guidelines . You shall retain all right, title, and interest in and to the material, content, data, and information (including your personal information and the personal information of others) you submit to Mailchimp in the course of using the Service or which Mailchimp otherwise retrieves or accesses at your direction or with your permission (collectively, your “Content”). Subject to these Terms, you grant us permission to use or disclose your Content (including any personal information therein) only as necessary to provide the Service to you and/or as otherwise permitted by these Terms, including as further provided under Section 15. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own or have otherwise obtained all necessary rights, releases, and permissions to submit all your Content to the Service and to grant the rights granted to us in these Terms and (ii) your Content and its submission and use as you authorize in these Terms will not violate (1) any applicable law, (2) any third-party intellectual property, privacy, publicity, or other rights, or (3) any of your or third-party policies or terms governing your Content. You may provide or we may ask you to provide suggestions, comments, input or other feedback (“Feedback”) regarding the Service. If you provide us with any Feedback, then you grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, and publicly perform the Feedback as we see fit. Any Feedback you choose to provide is given entirely voluntarily. You understand that you will not receive any compensation for your Feedback, and that we may use any Feedback you provide to improve the Service or to develop new features and services. 15. Privacy Your privacy is important to us. Please read our Global Privacy Statement and Cookie Statement for information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and the privacy rights available to you when you use and interact with the Service. For the purposes of privacy and data protection laws, for much of the personal information we process when providing the Service, we act as your processor or service provider in accordance with our Data Processing Addendum. However, there are certain instances, as more fully described in our Global Privacy Statement, where we process personal information, including Content and other data from Member accounts, as a controller to provide and develop the Service and for other important business purposes (e.g., for billing, administrative, security, and product improvement purposes). As described in our Global Privacy Statement, this includes sharing such information with our parent entity, Intuit Inc., and its group companies to provide, develop, and improve other Intuit products and services that you connect through the Service or otherwise use in accordance with the applicable Intuit terms of service, including to provide you with greater insights about your business and to personalize your user experience within the Intuit Platform.When we, as a controller, process data that originates from the European Economic Area, UK, or Switzerland in a country that has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection laws, we shall process such data in compliance with the standard contractual clauses between controllers annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021, or the equivalent clauses adopted by the UK Government, and currently located here (the “Controller-to-Controller Clauses”). The terms of the Controller-to-Controller Clauses are incorporated herein by reference and form an integral part of the Agreement between you and Mailchimp. 16. Right to Review Content, Campaigns and Sites We may view, copy, and internally distribute Content from your Campaigns, your Sites, your Third-Party Integrations (as defined below) and your account to create algorithms and programs (“Tools”) that help us spot problem accounts and improve the Service, among other uses permitted by these Terms or our Global Privacy Statement. For instance, we use these Tools to find Members who violate these Terms or applicable laws and to study data internally to make the Service smarter and create better experiences for Members and their contacts. We may aggregate and anonymize data, including data from the Content of your Campaigns, Sites, and Third-Party Integrations to create statistical information. We own all such aggregated and anonymized data and may use it, including, but not limited to, operating, analyzing, improving, or marketing our products and services and sharing such data externally for research, marketing, or other lawful purposes. IV. Rules and abuse 17. General Rules By agreeing to these Terms, you promise to follow these rules: You won’t send spam! You won’t use purchased, rented, or third-party lists of email addresses. You’ll comply with our Acceptable Use Policy , which forms part of these Terms. If you use our API, you’ll comply with our API Use Policy , which forms part of these Terms. Mailchimp doesn’t allow accounts that promote or incite harm toward others or that promote discriminatory, hateful, or harassing Content. To this end, we may suspend or terminate your account if you send a Campaign, create or manage a Site, or otherwise distribute any Content that we determine, in our sole discretion, contains either of the following: A Threat of Physical Harm. This means any statement, photograph, advertisement, or other Content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to threaten, advocate, or incite physical harm to or violence against others.Hateful Content. This means any statement, image, photograph, advertisement, or other Content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to harm, threaten, promote the harassment of, promote the intimidation of, promote the abuse of, or promote discrimination against others based solely on race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, disease, or immigration status. We also may suspend or terminate your account if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you are either: an organization that has publicly stated or acknowledged that its goals, objectives, positions, or founding tenets include statements or principles that could be reasonably perceived to advocate, encourage, or sponsor Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm;a person that has publicly made a comment or statement, or otherwise publicly made known a position, including by membership in an organization as discussed above, that could be reasonably perceived as Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm; or a person or organization that has acted in such a way as could be reasonably perceived to support, condone, encourage, or represent Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm. Mailchimp also does not allow the distribution of Content that is, in our sole discretion, materially false, inaccurate, or misleading in a way that could deceive or confuse others about important events, topics, or circumstances. If you violate any of these rules, then we may issue a warning to, suspend, or terminate your account. 18. Reporting Abuse If you think anyone is violating any of these Terms, please notify us immediately. If you received spam you think came from a Mailchimp Member, please report it to our Abuse Team . (Every email Campaign sent through the Service has an embedded campaign tracking ID in the email header, making it easy to report suspected spam.) If you think anyone has posted material that violates any protected marks or copyrights, then you can notify us via the contact information provided in our Copyright and Trademark Policy . 19. Bandwidth Abuse/Throttling You may only use our bandwidth for your Content, Campaigns and Sites.We provide image and data hosting only for your use of the Service, so you may not host images or data on our servers for anything else. We may throttle your sending or connection through our API at our discretion. 20. Compliance with Laws and Regulations You represent and warrant that your use of the Service will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. You’re responsible for determining whether the Service is suitable for you to use in light of your obligations under any regulations like HIPAA, GLBA, Data Protection Laws (as defined in the Data Processing Addendum ), anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, United States and any other applicable economic sanctions, and export control laws and regulations (“Global Trade Laws and Regulations”), or other applicable laws. If you’re subject to regulations (like HIPAA) and you use the Service, then we won’t be liable if the Service doesn’t meet those requirements. You may not use the Service for any unlawful or discriminatory activities, including acts prohibited by the Federal Trade Commission Act , Fair Credit Reporting Act , Equal Credit Opportunity Act , Children's Online Privacy Protection Act , or any other applicable laws. If you collect any personal information pertaining to a minor and store such information within your Mailchimp account, you represent and warrant that you have obtained valid consent for such activities according to the applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the minor lives. You agree, represent, and warrant to Mailchimp that: You will clearly post, maintain, and abide by a publicly accessible privacy notice on the digital properties from which the underlying data is collected that (a) satisfies the requirements of applicable Data Protection Laws, (b) describes your use of the Service, and (c) includes a link to our Global Privacy Statement.You will get and maintain all necessary permissions and valid consents required to lawfully transfer data to Mailchimp and to enable such data to be lawfully collected, processed, and shared by Mailchimp for the purposes of providing the Service or as otherwise directed by you. You will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the Campaigns sent through the Service, including those relating to (a) acquiring consents (where required) to lawfully send Campaigns, (b) the Content of Campaigns, and (c) your Campaign deployment practices.You will provide all notices and obtain all necessary consents required by applicable Data Protection Laws to enable Mailchimp to deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons or pixels) lawfully on and collect data from the devices of contacts and end users in accordance with and as described in our Cookie Statement. To the extent Mailchimp processes your Content protected by Data Protection Laws as a processor on your behalf (all as defined in the DPA), you and Mailchimp shall be subject to and comply with the Mailchimp Data Processing Addendum ("DPA"), which is incorporated into and forms an integral part of these Terms. The DPA sets out our obligations with respect to data protection and security when processing your Content on your behalf in connection with the Service. In addition, if you are subject to EU Data Protection Law (as defined in the Data Processing Addendum ), you acknowledge and agree that we have your prior written authorization to respond, at our discretion, to any data subject access requests we receive from your contacts made under EU Data Protection Law, or, alternatively, we may direct any such contacts to you so that you can respond to the request accordingly. 21. Global Trade Compliance You will not use, export, re-export, import, sell, release, or transfer the App, Intuit Platform or the software that supports the App (“Software”) directly or indirectly, except as authorized by United States law, the laws of the jurisdiction where the App, Intuit Platform and Software are made available, and any other applicable laws and regulations. In particular, but without limitation, the App, Intuit Platform, Software, source code, and technology may not be exported, or re-exported, transferred, or released (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries (Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Crimea, Donetsk (“DNR”), and Luhansk (“LNR”) regions of Ukraine) and Russia; or (b) to anyone included in the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or on any other applicable restricted party lists. By using the App and the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use the App, Intuit Platform and Software for any purposes prohibited by United States law.In addition, you certify that neither you nor any principals, officers, directors, or any person or entity (including any beneficiaries, owners, affiliated and/or associated parties) you know to be involved with the use of the Software, Intuit Platform and the Services are not: (a) on any sanctions lists in the countries where the Software and Services are available, (b) doing business in any of the U.S. embargoed countries, and (c) a military end user as defined in 15 C.F.R § 744. It’s important to note that this Section 21 isn’t meant to provide a comprehensive summary of the Global Trade Laws and Regulations that govern Mailchimp, the Service, or the Intuit Platform, the App, or the Software. You’re downloading and using the Software at your own risk, and it’s your responsibility to consult with a legal advisor to make sure your use of the Service and the Software complies with applicable laws. V. Liability 22. Limitation of Liability To the maximum extent permitted by law, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you assume full responsibility for any loss that results from your use of the Service, including any downloads from the Mailchimp Site; (ii) we and our Team won’t be liable for any indirect, punitive, special, or consequential damages, including any loss of data, profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill, or anticipated savings under any circumstances, even if they’re based on negligence or we’ve been advised of the possibility of those damages; and (iii) in any calendar month, the total liability of Mailchimp and our third-party providers, licensors, distributors, or suppliers to you arising out of or relating to the Agreement—whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise—will be no more than what you paid us for the Service the preceding month. For the avoidance of doubt, in no instance will we or our Team be liable for any losses or damages you suffer if you use the Service in violation of these Terms, regardless of whether we terminate or suspend your account due to such violation. 23. No Warranties Except as expressly stated in these Terms, the Service is provided as-is and we don’t provide warranties, conditions, or undertakings of any kind in relation to the Service, either express or implied. This includes, but isn’t limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, data loss, merchantability, or non-infringement or any warranties with respect to the accuracy, reliability, or availability of any content or information made available in or through the Service, which are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, excluded from the Agreement. Since Members use the Service for a variety of reasons, we can’t guarantee that it’ll meet your specific needs. 24. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold us and our Team harmless from any losses, damages, judgments, fines, and costs, including legal fees and expenses in connection with any claims you make that aren’t allowed under these Terms due to a “Limitation of Liability” or other provision. (Indemnity is an agreement to compensate someone for a loss.) You also agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any losses, damages, judgments, fines, and costs, including legal fees and expenses, in connection with any claims arising out of or relating to (i) your Content, Campaigns, or Sites, (ii) your use of the Service, (iii) your violation of any laws or regulations, (iv) third-party claims that you or someone using your password did something that, if true, would violate any terms of the Agreement, (v) any misrepresentations made by you, or (vi) a breach of any representations or warranties you’ve made to us. 25. Equitable Relief Your violation of these Terms may cause irreparable harm to us and our Team. Therefore, we have the right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief if you violate these Terms (meaning we may request a court order to stop you). 26. Subpoena Fees If we have to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal, governmental, or regulatory inquiry related to your account, then we may charge you for our costs. These fees may include attorney and employee time spent retrieving the records, preparing documents, and participating in a deposition. 27. Disclaimers We and our Team aren’t responsible for the behavior of any third parties, agencies, linked websites, or other Members, including third-party applications, products, or services for use in connection with the Service (each, a “Third-Party Integration”). Your use of any Third-Party Integration and rights with respect to such Third-Party Integration are solely between you and the applicable third party. We are not responsible for the privacy, security or integrity of any Third-Party Integration or the practices and policies of any Third-Party Integration.We make no warranties of any kind and assume no liability of any kind for your use of any Third-Party Integration. Any use of Quickbooks Online integration will be governed by the Intuit Terms of Service. VI. Other Important Stuff 28. Notice to U.S. Government End Users The Software and the Mailchimp Site, including all documentation, are “Commercial Items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, and consist of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation.” The Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are licensed to U.S. government end users: only as Commercial Items,with the same rights as all other end users, andaccording to the Terms. Published and unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. The manufacturer is The Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, Georgia 30308. 29. Assignments You may not assign any of your rights under the Agreement to anyone else. We may assign the Agreement and any of our rights and obligations hereunder to any other individual or entity at our discretion. 30. Choice of Law The State of Georgia laws and the Federal Arbitration Act will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to the Service and the Agreement, regardless of conflict of laws rules. 31. Dispute Resolution If you are a U.S. customer: You and Mailchimp agree that, except as provided below, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Service or this Agreement (a “Claim”) will be determined by binding arbitration or small claims court, instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. Either you or Mailchimp can seek to have a Claim resolved in small claims court if all the requirements of the small claims court are satisfied. Either you or Mailchimp may seek to have a Claim resolved in small claims court in your county of residence or the small claims court in closest proximity to your residence, and you may also bring a claim in small claims court of Fulton County, Georgia. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. You agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision, and that you and Mailchimp are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of the Agreement and/or the termination of your Service. If you elect to seek arbitration, you must first send to Mailchimp a written Notice of your Claim (“Notice of Claim”). The Notice of Claim to Mailchimp should be sent in care of our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE 19808. The Notice of Claim should include both the mailing address and email address you would like Mailchimp to use to contact you. If Mailchimp elects to seek arbitration, it will send, by certified mail, a written Notice of Claim to your address on file. A Notice of Claim, whether sent by you or by Mailchimp, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (b) set forth the specific amount of damages or other relief sought. You and Mailchimp agree that good-faith informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, low-cost and mutually beneficial outcome. You and Mailchimp therefore agree that, after a Notice of Claim is sent but before either you or Mailchimp commence arbitration or file a claim in small claims court against the other, we will personally meet, via telephone or videoconference, in a good-faith effort to confer with each other and try to resolve informally any Claim covered by the Agreement. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference as well, but you agree to fully participate in the conference. Likewise, if Mailchimp is represented by counsel, its counsel may participate in the conference as well, but Mailchimp agrees to have a company representative fully participate in the conference. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process required by this paragraph. If we do not reach an agreement to resolve the Claim within sixty (60) days after the Notice of Claim is received, you or Mailchimp may commence an arbitration proceeding by filing a Demand for Arbitration or, alternatively, by filing a Claim in small claims court.You agree that you may not commence any arbitration or file a claim in small claims court unless you and Mailchimp are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive your completed Notice of Claim and you have made a good faith effort to resolve your claim directly with Mailchimp during that time. If a Claim qualifies for small claims court, but a party commences an arbitration proceeding, you and Mailchimp agree that either party may elect instead to have the Claim resolved in small claims court, and upon written notice of a party’s election, the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will administratively close the arbitration proceeding. Any dispute about whether a Claim qualifies for small claims court shall be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator. In the event of any such dispute, the arbitration proceeding shall remain closed unless and until a decision by the small claims court that the Claim should proceed in arbitration. You may download or copy a form of notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration will be conducted by the AAA before a single AAA arbitrator under the AAA’s rules, which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879, except as modified by these Term. Unless Mailchimp and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of either your residence or of the mailing address you provided in your Notice of Claim. The arbitrator will be either (1) a retired judge or (2) an attorney specifically licensed to practice law in the State of Georgia or the state of your residence and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s National Roster of arbitrators. The arbitrator will be selected using the following procedure: (a) the AAA will send the parties a list of five candidates meeting this criteria; (b) if the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator from the list, each party shall return its list to the AAA within 10 days, striking up to two candidates, and ranking the remaining candidates in order of preference; (c) the AAA shall appoint as arbitrator the candidate with the highest aggregate ranking; and (d) if for any reason the appointment cannot be made according to this procedure, the AAA may exercise its discretion in appointing the arbitrator. The arbitrator is bound by these Terms. Except as otherwise provided below, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision. You and Mailchimp agree that an administrative conference with the AAA shall be conducted in each arbitration proceeding, and you and a Mailchimp company representative shall appear at the administrative conference via telephone. If you fail to appear at the administrative conference, regardless of whether your counsel attends, the AAA will administratively close the arbitration proceeding without prejudice, unless you show good cause as to why you were not able to attend the conference. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The award shall be binding only among the parties and shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or other proceeding involving a different party. Mailchimp will not seek to recover its attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration from you unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Judgment on any award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This agreement to arbitrate shall not preclude any party to the arbitration from at any time seeking injunctions or other forms of equitable relief in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction including whether a Demand for Arbitration is filed in violation of these Terms. Unless you or Mailchimp seek to have a Claim resolved in small claims court, the arbitrator shall determine all issues of liability on the merits of any Claim asserted by you or Mailchimp and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. To the extent that you or Mailchimp prevail on a Claim and seek public injunctive relief (that is, injunctive relief that has the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the public), the entitlement to and extent of such relief must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration. The parties agree that litigation of any issues of public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending the outcome of the merits of any individual Claims in arbitration.Before a court of competent jurisdiction issues any public injunctive relief, it shall review the factual findings of the arbitration award on which any injunction would issue with no deference to the arbitrator. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. You are required to pay AAA’s initial filing fee, but Mailchimp will reimburse you for this filing fee at the conclusion of the arbitration to the extent it exceeds the fee for filing a complaint in a federal or state court in your county of residence or in Fulton County, Georgia. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your Claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and Mailchimp will not reimburse your initial filing fee. You and Mailchimp agree that the AAA has discretion to modify the amount or timing of any administrative or arbitration fees due under the AAA Rules where it deems appropriate, provided that such modification does not increase the AAA fees to you or Mailchimp, and you and Mailchimp waive any objection to such fee modification. You and Mailchimp agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Further, if you have elected arbitration, unless both you and Mailchimp agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate any other person's Claims with your Claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If Mailchimp believes that any Claim you have filed in arbitration or in court is inconsistent with the limitations in this paragraph, then you agree that Mailchimp may seek an order from a court determining whether your Claim is within the scope of the Class Action Waiver. If this Class Action Waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution Section shall be null and void. 32. Force Majeure We won’t be held liable for any delays or failure in performance of any part of the Service, from any cause beyond our control. This includes, but is not limited to, acts of god, changes to law or regulations, embargoes, war, terrorist acts, riots, fires, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, strikes, power blackouts, volcanic action, unusually severe weather conditions, and acts of hackers or third-party internet service providers. 33. Survivability Even if the Agreement is terminated, the following sections will continue to apply: Feedback and Proprietary Rights, Compliance with Laws, Limitation of Liability, No Warranties, Indemnity, Dispute Resolution, Choice of Law, Severability, and Entire Agreement. 34. Severability If it turns out that a section of these Terms isn’t enforceable, then that section will be removed or edited as little as required, and the rest of the Agreement will still be valid. 35. Interpretation The headers and sidebar text are provided only to make these Terms easier to read and understand. The fact that we wrote these Terms won’t affect the way the Agreement is interpreted. 36. Waiver If we don’t immediately take action on a violation of these Terms, we’re not giving up any rights under the Terms, and we may still take action at some point. 37. No Changes in Terms at Request of Member Because we have so many Members, we can’t change these Terms for any one Member or group. 38. Further Actions You’ll provide all documents and take any actions necessary to meet your obligations under these Terms. 39. Notification of Security Incident If we become aware of a security incident related to our systems or databases that contain personal information of you or your contacts, we’ll notify you if required by law. In that event, we’ll also provide you with information about that incident so that you can evaluate the consequences to you and any legal or regulatory requirements that may apply to you, unless we’re prevented from doing so by legal, security or confidentiality obligations. Notifying you of a security incident or cooperating with you to respond to one will not be deemed an acknowledgement or assumption of any liability or fault of Mailchimp for such incident. 40. Beta Services From time to time, (i) we may invite you to try products or features related to our Service that are not generally available to all of our Members or the public or (ii) we may release products or features related to our Service that are identified in the App as beta, preview, pilot, limited release, or by a similar designation (collectively, “Beta Services”). Beta Services may be provided for evaluation or testing purposes only, and, therefore, may contain bugs or errors, and may not be as reliable as other features of the Service.The Beta Services are provided as-is. Your use of such features may include additional rules or restrictions that we may place on their use. We may discontinue Beta Services at any time in our sole discretion, and we may decide not to make Beta Services generally available. For the avoidance of doubt, Beta Services are a part of the Service, and, therefore, are subject to the terms of the Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections 22 and 23. 41. Notices Any notice to you will be effective when we send it to the last email or physical address you gave us or when posted on our Mailchimp Site. Please note that, for purposes of providing notice, we may use any email or physical address within your account, including contact information associated with an account’s primary contact, billing contact, owner profile, or any other profile or seat associated with the account. Any notice to us will be effective when delivered to us along with a copy to our legal counsel: Attn. Legal Department, Mailchimp, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, Georgia, 30308, or any addresses as we may later post on the Mailchimp Site. 42. Entire Agreement The Agreement, including these Terms and any Additional Terms you’ve agreed to by enabling any Add-ons, make up the entire agreement between us in relation to its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements, representations, and understandings. Any Additional Terms will be considered incorporated into the Agreement when you activate or use the corresponding Add-on or feature of the Service. Where there’s a conflict between these Terms and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control to the extent of the conflict. Congratulations! You’ve reached the end. Updated August 1st, 2023 and effective as of August 1, 2023. Related Links: Products Resources Community Company Help Films, podcasts, and original series that celebrate the entrepreneurial spirit. Expert insights, industry trends, and inspiring stories that help you live and work on your own terms. This page is now available in other languages. ©2001-2023 All Rights Reserved. Mailchimp® is a registered trademark of The Rocket Science Group. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Mac App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Privacy | Terms | Legal | Cookie Preferences Our website stores cookies on your device and discloses information in accordance with our Cookie Statement. Choose “Customize Settings” to control cookies. We may collect certain aggregate and anonymized data from your browser independent of your cookie preferences. Cookie Statement How Mailchimp Uses Cookies Manage Consent Preferences Essential Website Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions. Performance and Functionality Cookies Performance and Functionality Cookies These cookies are used to enhance the functionality of the site. They help us to customize the site and application (where applicable) for you in order to enhance your experience. Although important to us, these cookies are non-essential to the use of the site. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable. Advertising (Targeting) Cookies Advertising (Targeting) Cookies These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Analytics and Customization Cookies Analytics and Customization Cookies These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Vendors List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies