Refund policy Terms & Conditions of Sale Last Updated: 16 May 2019 Welcome to the online store (the "Store") provided by Brilliant Home Technology, Inc. ("Brilliant"). Your purchase of products ("Products") and/or subscription services ("Subscription Services") from the Store constitutes your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions of sale (“Terms & Conditions”) and any additional terms and conditions we provide, including but not limited to our Terms of Service or our EULA or our terms of a Limited Warranty, which one or more may be included in-box with a Brilliant Product. THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY PLACING AN ORDER FOR PRODUCTS AND/OR SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO THESE SALE TERMS. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE OF SUFFICIENT LEGAL AGE IN YOUR JURISDICTION OR RESIDENCE TO PURCHASE AND USE PRODUCTS AND TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, YOU SHOULD NOT PURCHASE THE PRODUCTS. We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions at any time, so please review the Terms & Conditions each time prior to making a purchase from the Store. Every time you order Products from Brilliant, the Terms & Conditions in force at that time will apply between you and Brilliant. If you use our Subscription Services or continue to use our Products, we will notify you in the event we make changes to these Terms & Conditions that affect your Subscription Services or the Product. If you have any questions regarding these Terms & Conditions, you can contact Brilliant at support@brilliant.tech. The Store is for retail sales to private consumers only. Please contact sales@brilliant.tech if you wish to purchase wholesale supplies. Please read these terms carefully. They require the use of binding arbitration to resolve disputes rather than jury trials or class actions. Please follow the instructions in the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration section below if you wish to opt out of this provision. As a consumer, you have certain legal rights. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under these Terms & Conditions will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, including exclusions relating to products or services that are faulty or not as described, or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or other rights. For a full description of your legal rights you should refer to the laws applicable in your country or jurisdiction. Nothing in these Terms & Conditions will affect those other legal rights. Although the Store may be accessible worldwide, the Products and Subscription Services offered on the Store are not designed and tested for use in all countries. If you choose to access the Store and/or use the Products and Subscription Services outside the United States and Canada (each, a "Target Country"), as applicable, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws in your country. You understand and accept that the Store and the Products and Subscription Services are not designed for use in a non-Target Country and some or all of the features of the Store, Products and Subscription Services may not work or be appropriate for use in such a country. To the extent permissible by law, Brilliant accepts no responsibility or liability for any damage or loss caused by your access or use of the Store, Products and Subscription Services in a non-Target Country and you hereby also agree to indemnify and hold Brilliant harmless should you breach any Terms & Conditions. Compatibility. You acknowledge that you have verified the compatibility of the Products you are purchasing with other equipment in your home (e.g., ensuring that your electrical system and other products in your home are compatible with the Product). You are solely responsible for determining the compatibility of the Products with other equipment in your home, and you accept that lack of compatibility is not a valid claim under the warranty provided with your Products and does not otherwise constitute a basis for receiving a refund after the 30-day refund policy described below. Reservations and Pre-Orders Products available for reservation and pre-order are not offered for sale by Brilliant. Your placement of a reservation and pre-order does not create a contract for sale. By placing a reservation and pre-order for a Product that is not yet available for sale, you make an offer to Brilliant to purchase the Product subject to these Terms & Conditions. Brilliant will obtain an authorization from your bank or credit card company for no charge. An authorization from your payment card company may stay open for several days or weeks before a charge is actually made.You may cancel your offer to purchase Products at any time prior to shipment and you will not be charged. Later, when the Product is offered for sale, Brilliant may accept your offer to purchase Products subject to these Terms & Conditions. At that time, Brilliant will capture payment on the payment card you provided and ship your Product. Brilliant may obtain an additional authorization from your payment card company to confirm necessary funds are available to purchase the Products requested. Brilliant reserves the right to cancel or refuse any order for any reason at any time prior to shipment, including after an order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed. We may attempt to contact you if all or a portion of your order is cancelled, or if additional information is needed to complete and accept your order. Payment By providing a credit card or other payment method accepted by Brilliant, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method and that you authorize us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge your payment method for the total amount of your order (including any applicable taxes and other charges). If the payment method you provide cannot be verified, is invalid or is otherwise not acceptable, your order may be suspended or cancelled. You must resolve any problem we encounter in order to proceed with your order. In the event you want to change or update payment information associated with your Brilliant account, you can do so at any time by logging into your account and editing your payment information. Availability and Pricing. All Products offered on the Store are subject to availability, and we reserve the right to impose quantity limits on any order, to reject all or part of an order and to discontinue offering certain Products and/or Subscription Services without prior notice. Prices for the Products and Subscription Services are subject to change at any time, but changes will not affect any order for Products you have already placed. In the event we change the pricing for any Subscription Service you have purchased, we will give you advance notice of this change in accordance with Section 17 (Notifications). After receiving this notice, you will be deemed to have accepted the change in pricing, unless you cancel your subscription as set forth in Section 4(d) above. Sales Tax Depending on the order, Brilliant calculates and charges sales tax in accordance with applicable laws. Resale and Title Transfer Purchases made on the Store are intended for end user’s personal use only, and are not authorized for resale, but may be given as a gift. These Terms & Conditions shall apply to any gift recipient. Title for Products (excluding software) purchased from the Store passes to the purchaser at the time of delivery by Brilliant to the freight carrier, but Brilliant and/or the freight carrier will be responsible for any Product loss or damage that occurs when the Product is in transit to you. Any software installed on our Products is licensed to you, not sold. You may only use the software for its normal, intended use with our Products and in accordance with Section 7 (Software License). When we say “sell” and “purchase” in these Terms & Conditions, we mean “sell” and “purchase” only with respect to the non-software elements of the Product. Software License 7.1 Subject to your compliance with these Terms & Conditions, Brilliant grants to you an end user license agreement (“EULA”). Shipping and Delivery Prices for the Products do not include shipping costs. Our delivery charges and methods are as described on the Store website from time to time. You are responsible for keeping us informed regarding the correct delivery address for the Products. The estimated arrival or delivery date is not a guaranteed delivery date for your order. Refused deliveries will be returned to our warehouse. It may take up to 45 days for the returned items to be identified as refused and processed for a refund. The Products available on the Store have been designed, marketed and sold only for use by residents of the United States and Canada, AS APPLICABLE. The Products available on the Store are not intended for use outside of the United States and Canada, AS APPLICABLE. You are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the Product is destined. We are not liable or responsible if you break any such laws. Installation There may be laws in the jurisdiction that you install a particular Product applicable to where and how to install that Product. You should check that you are in compliance with all relevant laws in your jurisdiction. Brilliant is not responsible for any injury or damage caused by self-installation. Brilliant maintains a list of recommended installers of the Products on its website. These installers are not Brilliant employees and are not affiliated with Brilliant.Brilliant is not responsible for any conduct of or liability associated with these installers. You should do your own diligence of the installers to select one that best fits your needs. Returns for Refund. If, for any reason, you want to return the Product you purchased from the Store for a refund, you must notify us no later than 30 days from the delivery date (the "Cancellation Period"). The Product is not eligible for a refund after the 30-day period. To initiate a return, you must inform us of your decision within the Cancellation Period by contacting Brilliant customer support at support@brilliant.tech with (i) RMA in the subject line, (ii) the order number in the body of the message and (iii) clearly state your desire to return the Product. Although it will not affect your right to a refund, please also include details on where and when you purchased the Product and your reason for returning the Product. For such returns, Brilliant customer service will provide you with a Return Materials Authorization ("RMA") that you must include with your return shipment to Brilliant so Brilliant can identify your shipment and with a return address. If you purchased the Product from somewhere other than the Store, please contact that reseller to obtain a refund. To receive a refund, you must return your Product (and any promotional merchandise supplied with the Product) with the provided RMA within fourteen (14) days following the day on which you notify Brilliant customer support that you desire to return your Product. Returned Products must be in good physical condition (e.g., not physically broken or damaged). All accessories originally included with your purchase must be included with your return. Unless the Product is faulty or not as described, you will be responsible for all costs associated with returning the Product to us (including uninstallation). You assume all risk of loss or damage to the Products while in transit to Brilliant. After receipt of Product, we will refund the price you paid for the Product plus original delivery cost (up to the value of our free Ground delivery option), less the value of any promotional merchandise or discounts you received. If you purchase a Bundle (multiple Products sold together at a discount), we will not provide a refund if you return only part of the Bundle, and you must return all of the Products sold together in that Bundle in order to receive any refund. We may reduce the amount of your refund to reflect any reduction in the value of the Product, as determined in our sole discretion, caused by your handling them in a way which goes beyond what is necessary to establish their nature, characteristics and functioning (e.g., beyond what would normally be permitted in a shop). All Products that are returned to us become our property. We are not responsible for any content or information stored in any Product you return to us, whether under warranty or not. Please make sure to save any content or information you wish to keep from your Product before returning your Product to us. If you return Products to Brilliant (a) without an RMA from Brilliant or (b) without all parts included in the original package, Brilliant retains the right to either refuse delivery of such return or accept delivery and charge you a restocking fee of 15% of the original price of the Product or the retail value of the missing accessories, whichever is higher. We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days from the date of receipt by Brilliant of the returned Product. Please see the Section 12 (Limited Warranty and Disclaimers) for information on the warranty terms applicable to the Product. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THE REQUIREMENT OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. (a) Arbitration. Brilliant and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims that arise from or relating to these Terms & Conditions or your use of the Products and/or Subscription Services in any way, except for claims arising from bodily injury.This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted, including, for example: claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us that is created by or involves these Terms & Conditions and/or your use of the Products and/or Subscription Services, regardless of the legal theory; claims for mental or emotional distress or other emotional/mental injury arising from the relationship between us; claims that arose before you accepted these Terms & Conditions (such as claims related to disclosures or the marketing of the Products and/or Subscription Services or the process for seeking approval to use the Products and/or Subscription Services); claims that may arise after the termination of your use of the Products and/or Subscription Services or any agreement between us; and claims brought by or against our respective subsidiaries, parent companies, members, affiliates, as well as the respective officers, directors, employees, agents, predecessors, successors, and assigns of these entities, you, and Brilliant. This arbitration agreement does not preclude either of us from bringing an individualized action in small claims court. It also does not preclude either of us from seeking an individualized preliminary injunction or temporary restraining order, pending arbitration, in any court that has jurisdiction. Nor does this arbitration agreement bar you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. In addition, you or Brilliant may seek injunctive or other equitable relief to protect your or its trade secrets and intellectual property rights or to prevent loss or damage to its services in any court with competent jurisdiction. You agree that, by entering into this agreement, we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class or representative action. These Terms & Conditions evidence a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision. (b) Notice of disputes. If either of us intends to seek arbitration of a dispute, that party must provide the other with notice in writing. The notice to Brilliant should be sent to: Brilliant Legal Department, 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402. Brilliant will send notice to you at the e‑mail and/or mailing addresses associated with your account. Your notice to Brilliant must (a) provide your name, mailing address, and email address; (b) describe the dispute; and (c) state the relief you are requesting. If we are unable to reach an agreement to resolve the dispute within 60 days after the notice is received, you or we may commence arbitration. (c) Arbitration procedures. The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1‑800‑778‑7879. If the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall agree to another arbitration provider or the court shall appoint a substitute. Unless you and we agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you are receiving Brilliant Services. If the value of your claim is $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, by telephone, or by an in-person hearing. If the value of your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision or the arbitrability of disputes are for the court to decide. The arbitrator may consider, but is not bound by, rulings in other arbitrations between Brilliant and Brilliant users. The arbitrator can award the same individualized damages and relief that a court can award. Judgment on the award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. (d) Costs of arbitration. The AAA’s fee schedule is subject to change and may be found in the AAA Rules (available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1‑800‑778‑7879). Brilliant will pay all AAA filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration that Brilliant commences. If you provided Brilliant with 60 days’ notice of your intent to arbitrate before commencing arbitration and the value of your claim is $75,000 or less, Brilliant will pay your share of any such AAA fees.If the value of your claim exceeds $75,000, the allocation of AAA fees will be governed by the AAA Rules (unless the law of your state requires Brilliant to pay all such fees). If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all AAA fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules. In such cases, the arbitrator may direct you to reimburse Brilliant for amounts that Brilliant paid on your behalf. (e) No class arbitration. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. YOU AND BRILLIANT AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING. Further, unless all affected parties agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this subsection’s limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court. (f) 30-Day Opt-Out Period. If you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Section 12, you must notify Brilliant in writing within 30 days of the date that you first accept these Terms & Conditions (unless a longer period is required by applicable law). Your written notification must be mailed to Brilliant at the following address: Brilliant Legal Department, 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402. Subject to Section 12(g) below, if you do not notify Brilliant in accordance with this Section 12(f), you agree to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions of these Terms & Conditions, including such provisions in any Terms & Conditions revised after the date of your first acceptance. Such notification must include: (a) your name, (b) the email address associated with your Brilliant account, (c) your mailing address, and (d) a statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with Brilliant through arbitration. This notification affects these Terms & Conditions only; if you previously entered into other arbitration agreements with Brilliant or enter into other such agreements in the future, your notification that you are opting out of the arbitration provision in these Terms & Conditions shall not affect the other arbitration agreements between you and Brilliant. (g) Future changes to arbitration provision. If Brilliant makes any changes to the Dispute Resolutions and Arbitration section of these Terms & Conditions (other than a change to the address at which Brilliant will receive notices of dispute, opt-out notices, or rejections of future changes to the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration section), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Brilliant Legal Department, 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402. It is not necessary to send us a rejection of a future change to the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration section of these Terms & Conditions if you had properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Section 12 within the first thirty (30) days after you first accepted these Terms & Conditions. If you have not properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Section 12, by rejecting a future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this arbitration provision, as modified by any changes you did not reject. Limited Warranties and Disclaimers. As far as permitted by applicable law, the Store, and all content available on the Store, is provided on an "AS-IS" basis without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. All products and services purchased through the Store are provided on an "AS-IS" basis unless otherwise noted in the Limited Warranty included with a Product. With respect to Brilliant Products, you may choose whether to make a claim under these Terms & Conditions or the Limited Warranty or both, but you may not recover twice in respect of the same loss. To initiate a return under the Limited Warranty for your Brilliant Product, you should contact Brilliant. You use any Products or Subscription Services at your own discretion and risk.You will be solely responsible for (and Brilliant disclaims) any and all loss, liability or damages resulting from your use of a Product and/or Subscription Service, including damage or loss to your home electrical system, plumbing, home, Product, other peripherals connected to the Product, computer, mobile device, and all other items and pets in your home. Unless explicitly promising a "guarantee," Brilliant does not guarantee or promise any specific level of energy savings or other monetary benefit from the use of a Product and/or Subscription Services or any feature of them. Actual energy savings and monetary benefits vary with factors beyond Brilliant's control or knowledge. Limitation of Liability. Nothing in these Terms & Conditions and in particular within this section shall attempt to exclude or limit liability that cannot be excluded under applicable law. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN ADDITION TO THE ABOVE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS, IN NO EVENT WILL (A) BRILLIANT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES, EVEN IF BRILLIANT KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (B) BRILLIANT’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE PRODUCTS AND SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO BRILLIANT OR BRILLIANT’S AUTHORIZED RESELLER FOR THE PRODUCT AT ISSUE IN THE PRIOR SIX (6) MONTHS (IF ANY). THIS LIMITATION IS CUMULATIVE AND WILL NOT BE INCREASED BY THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE INCIDENT OR CLAIM. BRILLIANT DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND OF BRILLIANT’S LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS. Data Protection. By placing an order for Products and/or Subscription Services, you agree and understand that Brilliant may store, share, process and use data collected from your order form or phone/fax/email order for the purposes of processing the order. Brilliant also may share such data globally with its subsidiaries and other entities. Brilliant will protect your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy for its Web Sites. Brilliant works with other companies that help Brilliant provide Products to you, such as freight carriers and credit card processing companies, and Brilliant may have to share certain information with these companies for this purpose. Electronic Communications. You are communicating with Brilliant electronically when you use the Store or send email to Brilliant. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. When you order in the Store, we collect and store your email address. From that point forward, your email address is used to send you information about Brilliant’s products and services unless you opt-out of such emails using the opt-out link in the emails. Notifications and Feedback Brilliant may provide notifications to you as required by law or for marketing or other purposes via (at its option) email to the primary email associated with your Brilliant account, hard copy, or posting of such notice on the Brilliant website. Brilliant is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications. Brilliant recommends that you add the @brilliant.tech domain name to your email address book to help ensure you receive email notifications from Brilliant. We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to our Products and Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us at support@brilliant.tech. You grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, transferable license, with the right to grant sublicenses, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose. Force Majeure. We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a contract that is caused by an act or event beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation acts of God, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, riot, terrorism, war, fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, epidemic or other natural disaster, failure of public or private telecommunications networks or impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport. Protection of Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Rights.Notwithstanding the foregoing, Brilliant may seek injunctive or other equitable relief to protect its confidential information and intellectual property rights or to prevent loss of data or damage to its servers in any court of competent jurisdiction. Severability. If any part of these Terms & Conditions becomes illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or prohibited in any respect under any applicable law or regulation, such provision or part thereof will be deemed to not form part of the contract between us. The legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms & Conditions will remain in full force and effect. Survivability. The obligations in Sections 11 through 22 will survive any expiration or termination of these Terms. Waiver. Failure or delay by us to enforce any these Terms & Conditions will not constitute a waiver of our rights against you and does not affect our right to require future performance thereof. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms & Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in or for San Mateo County, California for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes, unless such claim or dispute is required to be arbitrated as set forth in an above section. Sign up to win a free Brilliant Control Win a free Brilliant Control We pick a winner every two weeks. All you need to do is enter to win. " You have been entered to win." Enter to win a free Control 1 Winner | Every 14 Days! Brilliant in Facebook Brilliant in Twitter Brilliant in Instagram Brilliant in LinkedIn Brilliant in YouTubeSmart Home System Builders & Pros Company Help Products Where to Buy Compliance Your Cart × SAVE BIG ON BUNDLES SAVE BIG ON BUNDLES Get 10% off all Brilliant Starter Packs Get 10% off all Brilliant Starter Packs Hamburger arrow Hamburger arrow Home Builders Production, custom & luxury homes Multifamily Properties Residential apartment communities Integrators & Installers Smart home, lighting & automation systems Home Builders Production, custom & luxury homes Multifamily Properties Residential apartment communities Integrators & Installers Smart home, lighting & automation systems Home Builders Production, custom & luxury homes Multifamily properties Residential apartment communities Integrators & Installers Smart home, lighting & automation systems Buy Now Buy Now Terms of service Terms of Service Last Updated: 17 August 2018 Brilliant Home Technology, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Brilliant”) provides: (1) a Brilliant user account website that may be accessed at www.brilliant.tech ( “Site”), (2) services accessible through the Site (“Web Apps”), and (3) software that may be downloaded to your computer, smartphone or tablet to access services (“Mobile Apps”), all for use in conjunction with Brilliant hardware products (“Products”) and in other ways that Brilliant provides. Some Brilliant Products and Services can be used together or in ways that integrate with products and services from third parties. The term “Services” means the Site, Web Apps, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services. These Terms of Service (“Terms” or “Agreement”) govern your access to and use of the Services and Products. Please read these terms carefully. THEY REQUIRE THE USE OF MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION TO RESOLVE DISPUTES RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS. PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THIS PROVISION. The term “you,” as used in these Terms, means any person or entity who accesses or uses the Services or Products and any person or entity who creates an Account (as defined in Section 2(a)) and accepts these Terms, including Owners, Authorized Users (as defined in Section 2(b)), and the parents or guardians of Authorized Users, as applicable (as described in Section 1(b)(ii)). These Terms give you specific legal rights, and you may also have other legal rights in addition, which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, MANDATORY AND BINDING ARBITRATION, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, INDEMNIFICATION, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION AND WAIVER OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES UNDER THESE TERMS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or other rights, so those provisions of these Terms may not apply to you. THESE TERMS ARE A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS THROUGH A SITE, WEB APP OR MOBILE APP, OR BY ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THE SITES) OR PRODUCTS, YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY YOU REPRESENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS AND USE. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY (SUBJECT TO SECTION 1(b)(ii) BELOW) TO ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY YOU REPRESENT. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE, SUBJECT TO SECTION 1(b)(ii) BELOW, OF SUFFICIENT LEGAL AGE IN YOUR JURISDICTION OR RESIDENCE TO USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS AND TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD DISCONNECT YOUR PRODUCTS FROM YOUR ACCOUNT (AS DESCRIBED BELOW) AND CEASE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS. AS DESCRIBED BELOW, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO AUTOMATIC SOFTWARE UPDATE OF THE SERVICES AND OF THE PRODUCTS CONNECTED TO THE SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS. AS DESCRIBED BELOW, SECTIONS 4 AND 5 DESCRIBE IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS OF THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS, ESPECIALLY IN CONNECTION WITH LIFE SAFETY AND CRITICAL USES. PLEASE READ THESE DISCLOSURES CAREFULLY, AS YOU ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THEM AND ACCEPTING THEM.Overview, Eligibility, Customer Service, Term and Termination (a) Overview and Relation to Other Agreements. These Terms govern your use of the Services and Products. Your purchase of any Product is governed by the limited warranty provided with that Product (“Limited Warranty”) and may further be governed by the Terms & Conditions of Sale. The software embedded in the Product (and any updates thereto) (“Product Software”) is licensed and governed by the End User Licensing Agreement. Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Services in connection with such features. All additional guidelines, terms, or rules, and the Website Privacy Policy ("Website Privacy Policy"), and the Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”), are incorporated by reference into these Terms and you are agreeing to accept and abide by them by using the Services and Products. (b) Eligibility. (i) You may use the Services and Products only if you have the legal capacity to form a binding contract with Brilliant (except subject to the provisions of clause (1)(b)(ii) below), you accept these Terms through a Site, Web App or Mobile App, or by accessing or using the Services or Products, and only if you are in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state/provincial, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations. Only individuals age 18 and older are permitted to act as Owners (as defined below) of Brilliant Accounts. (ii) If you are an Authorized User (as defined below), you represent and warrant that you are over the age of 13 (or equivalent minimum age in the jurisdiction where you reside), and in the event you are between the age of 13 (or equivalent minimum age in the jurisdiction where you reside) and the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you reside, that you will only use the Services and Products under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms. Any use or access to the Services and Products by individuals under the age of 13 (or equivalent minimum age in the jurisdiction where you reside) is strictly prohibited and is a violation of these Terms. The Services and Products are not available to any users previously prohibited from using the Services and Products by Brilliant. (c) Customer Service. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Products, the Services, or these Terms, please contact Brilliant. You understand and agree that customer service and any customer care and support offered and provided by Brilliant is not a 911 service or dispatch center, an emergency service provider or dispatch service, or a lifesaving solution for people at risk in their home or otherwise. PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE OR ANY CUSTOMER CARE AND SUPPORT OFFERED BY BRILLIANT WITH ANY LIFE/SAFETY EMERGENCY, MEDICAL EMERGENCY, OR ANY OTHER EMERGENCY. IF YOU HAVE ANY SUCH EMERGENCY, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CONTACT THE POLICE, FIRE DEPARTMENT, 911 OR APPROPRIATE EMERGENCY RESPONSE SERVICE. (d) Term and Termination. These Terms will remain in full force and effect so long as you continue to access or use the Services or Products, or until terminated in accordance with the provisions of these Terms. At any time, Brilliant may (i) suspend or terminate your rights to access or use the Services, or (ii) terminate these Terms with respect to you if Brilliant in good faith believes that you have used the Services or Products in violation of these Terms, including any incorporated guidelines, terms or rules. If you transfer a Product to a new owner, your right to use the Services with respect to that Product automatically terminates, and the new owner will have no right to use the Product or Services under your Account (as described below) and will need to register for a separate Account with Brilliant and accept these Terms. (e) Effect of Termination. Upon termination of these Terms, your Account and your right to use the Services will automatically terminate. Accounts (a) Your Account. To use the Services and certain Products, you must register for a user account (“Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the applicable registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; and (c) your use of the Services and Products will not violate any U.S. or other applicable law or regulation (e.g., you are not located in an embargoed country or are not listed as a prohibited or restricted party under applicable export control laws and regulations). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and for all activities that occur under your Account.You agree to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower-case letters, numbers and symbols) with your Account, and to maintain your password securely to prevent others from gaining access without your permission. You agree to immediately notify Brilliant of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use, of your Account or any other breach of security. Brilliant is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements. (b) The individual who creates an Account is the “Owner” of that Account and is the Owner of the Products associated with that Account. Individuals who are authorized to access an Owner’s Products and Services are “Authorized Users.” Authorized Users may have the ability to use the Services and monitor and control the Products (for example, an Authorized User can change the schedule or turn the Product on or off). Authorized Users also may have the ability to view information (including personal information) and content across all of an Owner’s Products and Services. Authorized Users are responsible for their own actions in connection with the Products and Services, but Owner also hereby agrees to be fully responsible for all actions taken by Authorized Users relating to the Owner’s Products, Services and Account. If you are an Owner who invites or enables an Authorized User, you acknowledge and agree that such Authorized User may subsequently invite or enable other Authorized Users with the same access and ability to use your Products and Services set out above. As a result, if you are an Owner, you should authorize only those individuals that you trust to access your Account, Products, and Services. Access to Services (a) Access and Use. Subject to these Terms, Brilliant grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, right (without the right to sublicense) to access and use the Services by (i) using the Web Apps in connection with, and solely for the purpose of, controlling and monitoring the Products you own or are authorized to control and monitor or otherwise accessing a service explicitly provided by Brilliant for your use (the “Permitted Purpose”), and (ii) installing and using the Mobile Apps solely on your own handheld mobile device and solely for the Permitted Purpose. (b) Automatic Software Updates. Brilliant may from time to time develop patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications to improve the performance of the Services and/or the Product Software (“Updates”). These may be automatically installed without providing any additional notice or receiving any additional consent. You consent to this automatic update. If you do not want such Updates, your remedy is to terminate your Account and stop using the Services and the Products. If you do not terminate a previously created Account, you will receive Updates automatically. You acknowledge that you may be required to install Updates to use the Services and the Products and you agree to promptly install any Updates Brilliant provides. Your continued use of the Services and the Products is your agreement – (i) to these Terms with respect to the Services and Products, (ii) to the End User License Agreement with respect to updated Product Software; and (iii) any change or updates that Brilliant may make to these Terms or the End User License Agreement over time. (c) Brilliant-provided interface to Third-Party Products and Services. Over time, Brilliant may provide the opportunity for you to interface the Products and Services to one or more third-party products and services, through and using the Services (“Third Party Products and Services”). You decide whether and with which Third-Party Products and Services you want to interface. Your explicit consent and authorization is required for this interface, and is revocable by you at any time. Once your consent is given for a particular Third-Party Product and Service, you agree that Brilliant may exchange information and control data regarding you and your products, including your personal information, in order to enable the interface you have authorized. Once this information is shared with the particular Third-Party Product and Service, its use will be governed by the third party's privacy policy and not by Brilliant's privacy documentation. You acknowledge and agree that Brilliant makes no representation or warranty about the quality or safety of any Third-Party Products or Services or the interface with Product and Services. Accordingly, Brilliant is not responsible for your use of any Third-Party Product or Service or any personal injury, death, property damage (including, without limitation, to your home), or other harm or losses arising from or relating to your use of any Third-Party Products and Services. You should contact the third party with any questions about their Third-Party Products and Services.(d) Certain materials may be displayed or performed on the Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles, photographs, video, images, and illustrations (“Content”). The Content also includes information that you and other users provide us in the course of using the Services (collectively, “User Submissions”), which we may use to provide, maintain and improve the Services. Some content may be visible to others. You may also post feedback, comments, questions, or other information on the Sites. You are solely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, the Services, or that you contribute in any manner to the Services; you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it; and you license to Brilliant all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Service pursuant to these Terms. You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right. Brilliant reserves the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all. By making any Content available through Services you hereby grant to Brilliant a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform and distribute your Content in connection with operating and providing the Product, Services and Content to you and to other users. You represent and warrant that you own all your Content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your Content under these Terms. You also represent and warrant that neither your Content, nor your use and provision of your Content, nor any use of your Content by Brilliant on or through the Product or Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. If you wish to have your Content removed from the Product and Services you can email us with such a request. However, in certain instances some of your Content (such as posts or comments you make) may not be completely removed and copies of your Content may continue to exist on the Product or Services. We’re not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of (or the failure to remove or delete) any of your Content. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Brilliant grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable copyright license to view and display the Content solely in connection with your permitted use of the Product and Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes. Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Product, Services or Content or to review or edit any Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Product and Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any Content to be objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Product or Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. (e) Certain Restrictions.The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (i) you agree not to license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Products; (ii) you agree not to modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Products; (iii) you agree not to access the Services or Products in order to build a similar or competitive service or product; (iv) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Services or Products may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means; (v) you agree not to upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer or communication network, computer, handheld mobile device, data, the Services, the Products, the Product Software, or any other system, device or property; (vi) you agree not to interfere with, disrupt, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to, the servers or networks connected to the Services or violate the regulations, policies, or procedures of such networks; (vii) you agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of the Services by means other than through the interface that is provided by Brilliant; and (viii) you agree not to remove, obscure or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyrights and trademark notices) which may be contained in or displayed in connection with the Services or Products. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services shall be subject to these Terms. (f) Open Source. Certain items of independent, third party code may be included in the Web Apps and/or Mobile Apps that are subject to the GNU General Public License (“GPL”) or other open source licenses (“Open Source Software”). The Open Source Software is licensed under the terms of the license that accompanies such Open Source Software. Nothing in these Terms limits your rights under, or grants you rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for such Open Source Software. In particular, nothing in these Terms restricts your right to copy, modify, and distribute such Open Source Software that is subject to the terms of the GPL. (g) Privacy. Please review the Privacy Policy for Brilliant Web Sites and the Privacy Statement for Brilliant Products and Services. These documents describe practices regarding the information that Brilliant may collect from users of the Products and Services, including any Content or User Submissions. (h) Security. Brilliant cares about the integrity and security of your personal information. However, Brilliant cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. (i) Modification. Brilliant reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services or any part thereof with or without notice. You agree that Brilliant will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services or any part thereof. (j) Access Outside Certain Countries. Although the Sites may be accessible worldwide, the Products and Services provided or accessed through or on the Sites are not available to all persons or in all countries. If you choose to access the Sites from outside a country in which Brilliant supports the Product and Services listed here: United States or Canada ("Target Country"), you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws in your country. You understand and accept that the Sites are not designed for use in a non-Target Country and some or all of the features of the Sites may not work or be appropriate for use in such a country. To the extent permissible by law, Brilliant accepts no responsibility or liability for any damage or loss caused by your accessing or use of the Sites or Brilliant Products in a non-Target Country. You will be bound by these Terms wherever you access or use the Sites or use the Services. Agreed Usage and Limitations of Brilliant Services and Products (a) Intended Use of Brilliant Services. The Services are intended to be accessed and used for non-time-critical information and control of Brilliant Products. While we aim for the Services to be highly reliable and available, they are not intended to be reliable or available 100% of the time. The Services are subject to sporadic interruptions and failures for a variety of reasons many of which may be beyond Brilliant’s control, including Wi-Fi intermittency, service provider uptime, mobile notifications and carriers, among others.You acknowledge these limitations and agree that Brilliant is not responsible for any damages allegedly caused by the failure or delay of the Services. (b) No Life-Safety or Critical Uses of the Products and Services. You acknowledge and agree that the Products and Services, whether standing alone or when interfaced with Third-Party Products or Services are not certified for emergency response. Brilliant makes no warranty or representation that use of the Products or Services with any Third-Party Product or Service will affect or increase any level of safety. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, WHETHER STANDING ALONE OR INTERFACED WITH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, ARE NOT A THIRD-PARTY MONITORED EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION SYSTEM. (c) Reliability of Services. You acknowledge that the Services, including remote access and mobile notifications, are not error-free or 100% reliable and 100% available. Proper functioning of the Services relies and is dependent on, among other things, the transmission of data through your wi-fi network, enabled wireless device (such as a computer, phone or tablet) and broadband internet access, for which neither Brilliant nor any wireless or data carrier is responsible, and may be interrupted, delayed, refused, or otherwise limited for a variety of reasons, including insufficient coverage, power outages, termination of service and access, environmental conditions, interference, non-payment of applicable fees and charges, unavailability of radio frequency channels, system capacity, upgrades, repairs or relocations, and priority access by emergency responders in the event of a disaster or emergency (collectively “Service Interruptions”). You understand that Service Interruptions may result in the Services being unreliable or unavailable for the duration of the Service Interruption. We cannot and do not guarantee that you will receive notifications in any given time or at all. YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT RELY ON THE SERVICES FOR ANY LIFE SAFETY OR CRITICAL PURPOSES. MOBILE NOTIFICATIONS REGARDING THE STATUS AND ALARMS ON YOUR BRILLIANT PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY – THEY ARE NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR A THIRD-PARTY MONITORED EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION SYSTEM. There is no way for Brilliant to provide specific information relating to a situation in your home or elsewhere. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to educate yourself on how to respond to an emergency and to respond according to the specifics of your situation. (d) Service Interruptions; no refund or rebate. The Services may be suspended temporarily without notice for security reasons, system failure, maintenance and repair, or other circumstances. You agree that you will not be entitled to any refund or rebate for such suspensions. Brilliant does not offer any specific uptime guarantee for the Services. (e) System Requirements. The Services will not be accessible without: (i) a working Wi-Fi network in your home that is positioned to communicate reliably with the Products; (ii) an Account; (iii) an enabled and supported wireless device, such as a computer, phone or tablet (required for some features and functionalities of the aforementioned Services); (iv) always-on broadband Internet access in your home with bandwidth sufficient to support the Products you use; and (v) other system elements that may be specified by Brilliant. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have all required system elements and that they are compatible and properly configured. You acknowledge that the Services may not work as described when the requirements and compatibility have not been met. If you modify, substitute, move, or otherwise change any of the required system elements, it is your sole duty and responsibility to be sure they are compatible and properly configured to work with the Products and Services. In addition, you acknowledge that Brilliant may activate Bluetooth on your computer, smartphone or tablet, with or without prior notification, in order to facilitate proper operation of the Services, enable communication with Brilliant Products connected to the same Brilliant account, and enable certain features. (f) The Services provide you information (“Product Information”) regarding the Products in your home and their connection with other products and services. All Product Information is provided “AS IS” and “as available”. We cannot guarantee that it is correct or up to date. In cases where it is critical, accessing Product Information through the Services is not a substitute for direct access of the information in the home. (g) All information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from which (or from whose account) such Content originated and Brilliant will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any Content.Brilliant cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Services. Additionally, we cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data that users or merchants may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. (h) You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any Content or otherwise use the Services or Products in a manner that (i) infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any third party; (ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation or is otherwise illegal; (iii) is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable; (iv) impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or representative of Brilliant; (v) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful computer code, file, or program; (vi) jeopardizes the security of your Brilliant Account or anyone else’s Account (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you); (vii) attempts, in any manner, to obtain or access the password, account, products, devices, systems, or other security information from any other user or third party; (viii) violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes; (ix) runs Maillist, Listserv, or any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services’ infrastructure); (x) copies or stores any significant portion of the Content; (xi) decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services; (xii) denigrates or disrupts any network capacity or functionality; or (xiii) engages in remote monitoring to provide professional medical care for any individual, including without limitation, in any health care and assisted living environment. (i) Data protection and privacy laws where you live may impose certain responsibilities on you and your use of the Products and Services. You agree that you (and not Brilliant) are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws when you use the Products and Services. (j) Installation, test and use. It is your responsibility to install and use the Products and Services pursuant to the applicable manual and instructions. IF A PRODUCT IS NOT PROPERLY INSTALLED, OR IF A PRODUCT OR ANY OF ITS SENSORS ARE OUTSIDE THE DETECTION RANGE OR HINDERED OR OBSTRUCTED BY WALLS, FURNITURE, PERSONAL PROPERTY OR OTHER THINGS, YOU MAY EXPERIENCE FALSE ALARMS OR DETECTION FAILURES. It is your responsibility to test the Products once installed to be sure the Products (and any related sensors, components and peripherals) are functioning and communicating as intended and designed, and then regularly test and maintain the Products after installation. (k) Smart device standards/use only Brilliant Certified Third-Party Products or Services. The Products may use various open or commonly available standards or means to communicate and work with smart or connected devices that are also similarly used by other systems or services not manufactured by Brilliant, including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and IP devices. HOWEVER, SMART, CONNECTED OR OTHER DEVICES AND RELATED SERVICES (“THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES”) THAT ARE NOT DESIGNATED BY BRILLIANT AS COMPATIBLE WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICE MAY NOT WORK WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, OR MAY HAVE LIMITED FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITY, EVEN IF DESIGNED, SPECIFIED OR MARKETED TO OPERATE USING THE SAME OR SIMILAR STANDARDS OR MEANS OF COMMUNICATION. YOU AGREE ONLY TO USE THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DESIGNATED BY BRILLIANT AS COMPATIBLE WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. FURTHER, YOU AGREE THAT BRILLIANT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE AND HOLD BRILLIANT HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST, ALL LIABILITY AND DAMAGES, INJURIES OR LOSS OF LIFE ARISING FROM. RELATED TO, OR CAUSED BY, ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO CONNECT, OR YOUR CONNECTION AND USE OF, THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT ARE NOT CERTIFIED BY BRILLIANT AS COMPATIBLE WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. (l) The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources.We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such sites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for, and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources. Limitations Of Brilliant Services Due to Third Parties. (a) General. Brilliant Services rely on or interoperate with third party products and services. These third-party products and services are beyond Brilliant’s control, but their operation may impact or be impacted by the use and reliability of the Brilliant Services. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the use and availability of the Services is dependent on third party product vendors and service providers, (ii) these third-party products and services may not operate in a reliable manner 100% of the time, and they may impact the way that the Brilliant Services operate, and (iii) Brilliant is not responsible for damages and losses due to the operation of these third-party products and services. (b) Third Party Service Providers Used by Brilliant. You acknowledge that Brilliant uses third party service providers to enable some aspects of the Services – such as, for example, data storage, synchronization, and communication through Amazon Web Services, and mobile device notifications through mobile operating system vendors and mobile carriers. A list of third-party notices are listed here: http://thirdparty-notices.brilliant.tech.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/. YOU AGREE NOT TO RELY ON THE SERVICES FOR ANY LIFE SAFETY OR TIME-CRITICAL PURPOSES. FURTHER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE TO RELEASE AND HOLD HARMLESS THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ALL LIABILITY, DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND OR SORT, PERSONAL INJURY OR LOSS OF LIFE ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. (c) Equipment, ISP, and Carrier. You acknowledge that the availability of the Services is dependent on (i) your computer, mobile device, home wiring, home Wi-Fi network, Bluetooth connection, and other related equipment (“Equipment”), (ii) your Internet service provider (“ISP”), and (iii) your mobile device carrier (“Carrier”). You acknowledge that you are responsible for all fees charged by your ISP and Carrier in connection with your use of the Services. You also acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with all applicable agreements, terms of use/service, and other policies of your ISP and Carrier. (d) App Stores. You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the Mobile Apps is dependent on the third-party websites from which you download the Mobile Apps, e.g., the App Store from Apple or the Android app market from Google (each an “App Store”). You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Brilliant and not with an App Store. Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which you must agree before downloading Mobile Apps from it. You agree to comply with, and your license to use the Mobile Apps is conditioned upon your compliance with, such App Store terms and conditions. To the extent such other terms and conditions from such App Store are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of these Terms, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in these Terms apply. (e) Third Party Website Links and Referrals. The Sites may contain links to other web sites operated by third parties (“Third Party Sites”) and referrals to third party vendors (“Referred Vendors”). Such Third-Party Sites and Referred Vendors are not under our control. Brilliant provides these links and referrals only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to such Third-Party Sites or Referred Vendors. Your use of these Third-Party Sites is at your own risk. (f) Authorized Users. Brilliant is not responsible for any Authorized User’s behavior, or for any personal injury, death, property damage (including, without limitation, to your home), or other harm or losses arising from or relating to their use of the Services. (g) Release Regarding Third Parties. Brilliant is not responsible for third parties or their products and services, including, without limitation, the App Stores, Third Party Products and Services, Third Party Sites, Referred Vendors, Equipment, ISPs, and Carriers. Brilliant hereby disclaims and you hereby discharge, waive and release Brilliant and its licensors and suppliers from any past, present, and future claims, liabilities, and damages, known or unknown, arising out of or relating to your interactions with such third parties and their products and services.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.” YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY SIMILAR PROVISION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. Ownership and Intellectual Property (a) Brilliant Property. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights, including without limitation copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Product, Product Software, and Services (i.e., the Sites, Web Apps, and Mobile Apps) are owned by Brilliant or its affiliates or our licensors. Your possession, access, and use of the Product, Product Software, and Services do not transfer to you or any third party any rights, title, or interest in or to such intellectual property rights. Brilliant and its affiliates and licensors and suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. The Services are licensed to you, not sold, under these Terms. You may only copy parts of the Services (including this Site) on to your own computer for your own personal use. You may not use the content of the Services in any other public or commercial way nor may you copy or incorporate any of the content of the Services into any other work, including your own web site without the written consent of Brilliant. You must have a license from us before you can post or redistribute any portion of the Services. Other than with respect to User Submissions, Brilliant retains full and complete title to all content on the Services, including any downloadable software and all data that accompanies it. You must not copy, modify or in any way reproduce or damage the structure or presentation of the Services or any content therein. (b) Feedback. You may choose to, or Brilliant may invite you to submit comments, suggestions, or ideas about the Products or Services, including how to improve the Products or Services (“Ideas”). By submitting any Ideas, you agree that your submissions are voluntary, gratuitous, unsolicited, and without restriction and will not place Brilliant under any fiduciary or other obligation. Brilliant may use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the submission and its contents for any purpose and in any way without any compensation to you. You also agree that Brilliant does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Brilliant, developed by its employees, or obtained from other sources. (c) User Submissions. You hereby grant us with a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable and transferable right to access, display, modify or otherwise use your User Submissions (including all related intellectual property rights) solely in connection with providing you the Services and as directed by you. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Services a non-exclusive license to access and use your User Submissions through the Services and as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under these Terms. Furthermore, you understand that we retain the right to reformat, modify, create derivative works of, excerpt, and translate any User Submissions submitted by you. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to Brilliant does not affect your ownership of or right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submissions, unless otherwise agreed in writing. INDEMNITY FOR THIRD PARTY ACTIONS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, RELEASE AND HOLD BRILLIANT AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY THE “BRILLIANT PARTIES”) HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST (I) ALL CLAIMS, ACTIONS, LAWSUITS AND ANY OTHER LEGAL ACTION BROUGHT BY ANY THIRD PARTY AGAINST ANY OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO (A) YOUR USE AND EACH AUTHORIZED USER’S USE OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, (B) YOUR OR YOUR AUTHORIZED USERS’ VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS, (C) ANY USER SUBMISSIONS OR FEEDBACK YOU PROVIDE; OR (D) YOUR OR YOUR AUTHORIZED USERS’ VIOLATION OF ANY LAW OR THE RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD-PARTY (COLLECTIVELY ”THIRD PARTY ACTIONS”); AND (II) ANY AND ALL RELATED LOSSES, DAMAGES, SETTLEMENTS AND JUDGMENTS (INCLUDING PAYMENT OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES’ ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS) INCURRED BY ANY OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES, ASSESSED OR FOUND AGAINST ANY OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES, OR MADE BY ANY OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES, RELATING TO OR ARISING FROM ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY ACTION (“THIRD PARTY RELATED LOSSES”).YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION TO THE BRILLIANT PARTIES APPLIES EVEN IF SUCH THIRD-PARTY ACTION AND THIRD PARTY RELATED LOSSES ARISE FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND OR DEGREE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NON-COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW, OR OTHER FAULT OR WRONGDOING OF ANY OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES. HOWEVER, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO REQUIRE ANY INDEMNIFICATION WHICH WOULD RENDER OR MAKE THIS CLAUSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, VOID AND/OR UNENFORCEABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. FURTHER, YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY WILLFUL, WANTON, INTENTIONAL OR RECKLESS MISCONDUCT OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF THE BRILLIANT PARTIES IN THOSE STATES THAT DO NOT PERMIT INDEMNIFICATION FOR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. “THIRD PARTY” IS DEFINED HEREIN TO INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, AN AUTHORIZED USER, AN UNAUTHORIZED USER, A SPOUSE, PARTNER, FAMILY MEMBER, GUEST, NEIGHBOR, TENANT, EMPLOYEE OR INSURANCE COMPANY. Brilliant reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Brilliant and you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claims. You agree not to settle any such claim without Brilliant’s prior written consent. Brilliant will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. Warranty Disclaimer (a) THE WARRANTY FOR THE PRODUCT AND PRODUCT SOFTWARE ARE SET FORTH IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY AND THE EULA, RESPECTIVELY. (b) THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND BRILLIANT AND OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. (c) BRILLIANT AND OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THE SERVICES: (I) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (II) WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR HOME NETWORK, COMPUTER OR MOBILE DEVICE; (III) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (IV) WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM BRILLIANT OR THOUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. (d) BRILLIANT DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES CONNECTED THROUGH THE WORKS WITH BRILLIANT PLATFORM) OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND BRILLIANT WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. (e) BRILLIANT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING ANY CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES, AND BRILLIANT WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACCURACY, COPYRIGHT COMPLIANCE, LEGALITY OR DECENCY OF MATERIAL CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES. BRILLIANT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING SUGGESTIONS OR RECOMMENDATIONS OF SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OFFERED OR PURCHASED THROUGH THE SERVICES. (f) THE SERVICES MAY PROVIDE YOU INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR PRODUCTS (“PRODUCT INFORMATION”) OR OTHER PERIPHERALS CONNECTED TO YOUR PRODUCTS (“PRODUCT PERIPHERALS”). THE TYPE OF PRODUCT PERIPHERALS THAT MAY BE CONNECTED TO YOUR PRODUCT MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE DISCLAIMERS ABOVE, ALL PRODUCT INFORMATION IS PROVIDED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE “AS IS”, AND “AS AVAILABLE”. BRILLIANT DOES NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT, OR GUARANTEE THAT PRODUCT INFORMATION WILL BE AVAILABLE, ACCURATE, OR RELIABLE. Other Disclaimers (a) WHEN YOU INSTALL, SETUP OR USE THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES YOU ARE GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO CHANGE DEFAULTS OR CHOOSE PARTICULAR SETTINGS. THE CHOICES YOU MAKE CAN CAUSE NON-RECOMMENDED OR UNINTENDED OPERATION OR NON-OPERATION OF YOUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND ANY CONNECTED EQUIPMENT OR SYSTEMS. YOU ASSUME ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES AND LOSSES CAUSED BY, OR RELATED TO, THE CHOICES YOU MAKE FOR THE PARTICULAR SETTINGS FOR THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND SETTING OR CHANGING DEFAULTS. (b) YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SOME OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE NOTIFICATION, SIGNALING AND DETECTION PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. THOSE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DO NOT ELIMINATE OCCURRENCES OF EVENTS, SUCH AS FIRES, FLOODS, BURGLARIES, ROBBERIES, AND MEDICAL ISSUES.FURTHER, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THOSE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MAY NOT AVERT OR MINIMIZE SUCH OCCURRENCES OF EVENTS, OR THEIR CONSEQUENCES, AND, THEREFORE, BRILLIANT MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE) THAT THOSE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WILL SO AVERT OR MINIMIZE SUCH OCCURRENCES OF EVENTS, OR THEIR CONSEQUENCES. Waiver of Subrogation You should protect against any risk of loss with the appropriate insurance coverage, and you are responsible for obtaining all insurance coverage you believe is necessary. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE APPLICABLE POLICY OR POLICIES OF INSURANCE YOU OBTAIN AND MAINTAIN, YOU RELEASE BRILLIANT AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS FROM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS, OCCURRENCE, EVENT OR CONDITION COVERED BY YOUR INSURANCE. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Nothing in these Terms and in particular within this "Limitation of Liability" section shall be interpreted or construed to limit or exclude liability that cannot be so limited or excluded under applicable law. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN ADDITION TO THE WARRANTY AND OTHER DISCLAIMERS IN THESE TERMS, IN NO EVENT WILL (A) BRILLIANT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCTS, EVEN IF BRILLIANT KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (B) BRILLIANT’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES, PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY, LOSS OF LIFE OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES NOT EXCLUDED OR PRECLUDED PURSUANT TO (A) ABOVE, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN AMOUNT NEVER TO EXCEED TWO (2) TIMES THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO BRILLIANT OR BRILLIANT’S AUTHORIZED RESELLER FOR THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCT AT ISSUE IN THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS (IF ANY). BRILLIANT DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND OF BRILLIANT’S LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BRILLIANT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED REGARDING USE OF OR EXPOSURE TO ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, ACCESSED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION 11 SHALL APPLY EVEN IF BRILLIANT IS FOUND LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE DUE TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED OR LIMITED WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND OR DEGREE, STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, SUBROGATION, INDEMNIFICATION OR CONTRIBUTION, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY. HOWEVER, THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY WILLFUL, WANTON, INTENTIONAL OR RECKLESS MISCONDUCT OF BRILLIANT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF BRILLIANT IN THOSE STATES THAT DO NOT PERMIT LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. Fees and Payment Certain Services may be provided for a fee. You shall pay all applicable fees regarding the Services selected by you in accordance with the Terms & Conditions of Sale. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION/CLASS ACTION WAIVER/JURY TRIAL WAIVER/WAIVER OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THE REQUIREMENT OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. (a) Arbitration. Brilliant and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims that arise from or relate to these Terms or the Services or Products in any way, except for claims arising from bodily injury. THIS ARBITRATION IS MANDATORY AND NOT PERMISSIVE. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted, including, for example: claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us that is created by or involves these Terms or the Services or Products, regardless of the legal theory; claims for mental or emotional distress or other emotional/mental injury arising from the relationship between us; claims that arose before you accepted these Terms (such as claims related to disclosures or the marketing of the Services or Products or the process for seeking approval to use the Services or Products); claims that may arise after the termination of your use of the Services or Products or any agreement between us; and claims brought by or against our respective subsidiaries, parent companies, members, affiliates, as well as the respective officers, directors, employees, agents, predecessors, successors, and assigns of these entities, you, and Brilliant. This arbitration agreement does not preclude either of us from bringing an individualized action in small claims court.It also does not preclude either of us from seeking an individualized preliminary injunction or temporary restraining order, pending arbitration, in any court that has jurisdiction. Nor does this arbitration agreement bar you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. In addition, you or Brilliant may seek injunctive or other equitable relief to protect your or its trade secrets and intellectual property rights or to prevent loss or damage to its services in any court with competent jurisdiction. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE, LAW, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE ARE EACH (A) WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY; (b) WAIVING THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION; AND (C) WAIVING THE RIGHT TO CLAIM OR RECOVER PUNITIVE DAMAGES AGAINST THE OTHER. These Terms evidence a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision. (b) Notice of disputes. If either of us intends to seek arbitration of a dispute, that party must provide the other with notice in writing. The notice to Brilliant should be sent to: Brilliant Legal Department, 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402. Brilliant will send notice to you at the e‑mail and/or mailing addresses associated with your account. Your notice to Brilliant must (a) provide your name, mailing address, and email address; (b) describe the dispute; and (c) state the relief you are requesting. If we are unable to reach an agreement to resolve the dispute within 60 days after the notice is received, you or we may commence arbitration. (c) Arbitration procedures. The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules ("AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1‑800‑778‑7879. If the AAA is unavailable, the parties shall agree to another arbitration provider or the court shall appoint a substitute. Unless you and we agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you are receiving Brilliant Services. If the value of your claim is $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, by telephone, or by an in-person hearing. If the value of your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision or the arbitrability of disputes are for the court to decide. The arbitrator may consider but is not bound by rulings in other arbitrations between Brilliant and Brilliant users. The arbitrator can award the same individualized damages and relief that a court can award. Judgment on the award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. (d) Costs of arbitration. The AAA’s fee schedule is subject to change and may be found in the AAA Rules (available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1‑800‑778‑7879). Brilliant will pay all AAA filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration that Brilliant commences. If you provided Brilliant with 60 days’ notice of your intent to arbitrate before commencing arbitration and the value of your claim is $75,000 or less, Brilliant will pay your share of any such AAA fees. If the value of your claim exceeds $75,000, the allocation of AAA fees will be governed by the AAA Rules (unless the law of your state requires Brilliant to pay all such fees). If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all AAA fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules. In such cases, the arbitrator may direct you to reimburse Brilliant for amounts that Brilliant paid on your behalf. (e) NO CLASS ARBITRATION. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND BRILLIANT AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING.Further, unless all affected parties agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this subsection’s limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court. (f) 30-Day Opt-Out Period. If you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this section 11, you must notify Brilliant in writing within 30 days of the date that you first accept these Terms (unless a longer period is required by applicable law). Your written notification must be mailed to Brilliant at the following address: Brilliant Legal Department, 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402. Subject to section 13(g) below, if you do not notify Brilliant in accordance with this section 13(f), you agree to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions of these Terms, including such provisions in any Terms revised after the date of your first acceptance. Such notification must include: (a) your name, (b) your Brilliant account number, (c) your mailing address, and (d) a statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with Brilliant through arbitration. This notification affects these Terms only; if you previously entered into other arbitration agreements with Brilliant or enter into other such agreements in the future, your notification that you are opting out of the arbitration provision in these Terms shall not affect the other arbitration agreements between you and Brilliant. (g) Future changes to arbitration provision. If Brilliant makes any changes to the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration section of these Terms (other than a change to the address at which Brilliant will receive notices of dispute, opt-out notices, or rejections of future changes to the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration section), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Brilliant Legal Department, 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402. It is not necessary to send us a rejection of a future change to the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration section of these Terms if you had properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this section 11 within the first 30 days after you first accepted these Terms. If you have not properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this section 11, by rejecting a future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this arbitration provision, as modified by any changes you did not reject. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (a) If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail): (i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; (iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail; (v) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. (b) Brilliant's designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is Copyright Agent – Attention Legal 155 Bovet Rd Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94402, [Insert email address], [Insert phone number]. For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to Brilliant customer service through support@brilliant.tech. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 14(b), your DMCA notice may not be valid. (c) Counter-Notice.If you believe that your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent: (i) Your physical or electronic signature; (ii) Identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled; (iii) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and (iv) Your name, address, telephone number, and e‑mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in [San Mateo / Santa Clara / San Francisco], California, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. (d) If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Brilliant may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Brilliant's sole discretion. General (a) Changes to these Terms. Brilliant reserves the right to make changes to these Terms. Brilliant will post notice of changes to any one or more of the following: this page, a Site, Web Apps, or Mobile Apps. You should ensure that you have read and agree with the most recent Terms when you use the Services and Products. Continued use of the Services and Products following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the revised Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE CHANGES TO ANY OF THE TERMS, YOU SHOULD DISCONNECT YOUR PRODUCTS FROM YOUR ACCOUNT AND CEASE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS. (b) Governing Law. These Terms, and any claim, dispute, action, cause of action, issue, or request for relief arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Products and Services shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction. The courts in some states and countries may not apply California law to some types of disputes. If you reside in one of those states or countries, then where California law is excluded from applying, your state’s or country's laws will apply. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS IN OR FOR SAN MATEO COUNTY, CALIFORNIA FOR THE PURPOSE OF LITIGATING ALL SUCH CLAIMS OR DISPUTES, UNLESS SUCH CLAIM OR DISPUTE IS REQUIRED TO BE ARBITRATED AS SET FORTH IN AN ABOVE SECTION. (c) Protection of Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Brilliant may seek injunctive or other equitable relief to protect its confidential information and intellectual property rights or to prevent loss of data or damage to its servers in any court of competent jurisdiction. (d) Entire Agreement/Severability. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Brilliant regarding the use of the Services and purchase of the Products. Any failure by Brilliant to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Neither party is an agent or partner of the other party. (e) Survivability. The obligations in Sections 3(d) and (e), 4, 6-11, 13, and 15 will survive any expiration or termination of these Terms. (f) Assignment. These Terms, and any associated rights or obligations, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by you without Brilliant’s prior written consent. These Terms may be assigned by Brilliant without restriction. These Terms are binding upon any permitted assignee. (g) Notifications. Brilliant may provide notifications to you as required by law or for marketing or other purposes via (at its option) email to the primary email associated with your Account, mobile notifications, hard copy, or posting of such notice on www.Brilliant.com.Brilliant is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications. Brilliant recommends that you add @brilliant.tech email addresses to your email address book to help ensure you receive email notifications from Brilliant. (h) Disclosures. Please see here for Brilliant’s address [DO WE HAVE A LINK TO BRILLIANT ADDRESS]. If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952‑5210. (i) Copyright/Trademark Information. All trademarks, logos, and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Services are the property of Brilliant or of their respective holders. You are not permitted to use any of the Marks without the applicable prior written consent of Brilliant or such respective holders. Brilliant reserves the right to alter product and services offerings, specifications, and pricing at any time without notice, and is not responsible for typographical or graphical errors that may appear in this or in related documents. × Sign up to win a free Brilliant Control Win a free Brilliant Control We pick a winner every two weeks. All you need to do is enter to win. " You have been entered to win." Enter to win a free Control 1 Winner | Every 14 Days! Brilliant in Facebook Brilliant in Twitter Brilliant in Instagram Brilliant in LinkedIn Brilliant in YouTubeSmart Home System Builders & Pros Company Help Products Where to Buy Compliance Your Cart × SAVE BIG ON BUNDLES SAVE BIG ON BUNDLES Get 10% off all Brilliant Starter Packs Get 10% off all Brilliant Starter Packs Hamburger arrow Hamburger arrow Home Builders Production, custom & luxury homes Multifamily Properties Residential apartment communities Integrators & Installers Smart home, lighting & automation systems Home Builders Production, custom & luxury homes Multifamily Properties Residential apartment communities Integrators & Installers Smart home, lighting & automation systems Home Builders Production, custom & luxury homes Multifamily properties Residential apartment communities Integrators & Installers Smart home, lighting & automation systems Shop All Shop All FAQ So, how exactly does Brilliant work? Will my family and guests figure this out? We designed Brilliant so that everyone (family and guests in particular) can quickly understand how it works with no training. Once you install Brilliant, you can swipe your finger up/down on the screen to turn on/off lights, similar to how one does with a toggle switch. For Brilliant Controls made to replace 2-4 switches, just touch the sliders, and the screen will tell you which light you are adjusting. To access other connected smart home products like Sonos, just tap the screen and you'll see icons appear that make it easy to navigate in less than 2 taps. If you already have Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant in your home, you will be able to use their voice services to control the lights using voice commands. We've spent a lot of time testing this product on people ages 5-75, and they all get it pretty quickly. In fact, 96% of our early customers figured it out in less than three seconds. We think you'll be pleased! How easy is it to install a Brilliant? If you can install a light switch, you can install a Brilliant. It's really that easy! The Brilliant fits into an existing light switch gang box, with no additional wiring, modifications, or remote hubs required. On average, it takes about 30 minutes to install the device and get it hooked up to your home Wi-Fi. You do have to be comfortable turning off your electricity (via a breaker box) - if that's too much for you, probably best to involve an electrician. But they will love it too - we've made it very simple to install and get going! What are the wiring requirements? Your home does need to be up to code to use a Brilliant, with load, line, ground, and neutral wires present. Connecting these takes minutes. Does Brilliant support 3-way switching? Yes, we support 3-way switching. You can set up a Brilliant to work with switches from another manufacturer in a 3-way configuration as long as that other switch is on/off, and not a dimmer. You can also set up multiple Brilliants in a 3-way configuration with dimming. Does Brilliant support dimming for incandescent or LED lights? Yes, Brilliant supports dimmable incandescent and LED lights. There are also features to help you perfect the experience, such as auto-sensing your light capabilities, setting your dimmable range, and other adjustments to minimize or eliminate flickering. We have tested this with a wide range of lighting vendors to great success. What smart home products can I connect with? We support a wide variety of smart home products, and add more regularly. Our primary connection method is to use Wi-Fi for partner products like Sonos, Ecobee, the Honeywell Lyric, Ring, Philips Hue, LIFX, Wemo, Schlage Encode locks, August Locks, and smart plugs, and more. If you would like to connect to Z-Wave or Zigbee products, we also support hubs from SmartThings so you can control them from a Brilliant. Amazon Alexa Voice Services are already built in, so you just need to connect to your Amazon account. You can also use both Google Assistant/Google Home and Amazon Alexa devices to voice control the lights. How does your voice control work? What does it mean that Alexa is "built in"? Each Brilliant has a microphone and a speaker, allowing you to control it using voice commands.You can access Amazon Alexa Voice Services ("Alexa, what's the weather today?"). We also plan to have Google Assistant capabilities built in once Google publicly releases that capability ("Google, what's the traffic today?"). Having Amazon Alexa "built in" means you can access Alexa without the need for an Amazon Echo or Dot. Brilliant is a great way to have voice capabilities in any room of your home without the need for a plugged in device. I currently have a Google Home - will I be able to use it to control a Brilliant? Yes, we have a Google Action that allows you to control the lights with voice commands using Google Assistant and Google Home. Do you support Apple HomeKit? HomeKit is available on all Brilliant Smart Home Control devices. You can use HomeKit to control your lights using your voice. Can you share other technical specifications about Brilliant? Sure! Brilliant has the following specifications: - Wi-Fi connected, supporting up to 802.11n- Bluetooth (to connect Brilliant if Wi-Fi is not present, not for smart speakers)- 5" diagonal LCD touch screen with 720x1280 resolution that can display a clock, and customizable scenes. You can upload your own photos to use Brilliant as a digital photo frame. - Over the air software updates happen automatically, using industry standard encryption- Ability to access the Brilliant through the Brilliant Alexa skill, or Google Actions to work with Google Home/Google Assistant, and HomeKit. I currently have an Amazon Echo/Dot - will I be able to use it to control a Brilliant? Yes, we have an Alexa Skill that allows you to control the lights with voice commands using Alexa. What is that thing on the top of Brilliant? A camera? At the top of Brilliant is a motion sensor, an ambient light sensor, and a camera with a physical privacy shutter for added peace of mind. The camera can be used to video intercom and Live View with other installed Brilliant Controls. I am a (hotel/real estate developer/builder/apartment owner/retailer/distributor/dealer) interested in pre-purchasing a large amount of Brilliant products. Who should I contact? Thank you for your interest! We have had many partners contacting us about large orders and getting involved in our dealer program - just email our sales and partner team at sales @brilliant.tech , and be sure to sign up for on our monthly newsletter ! If my Wi-Fi/Internet goes down, will Brilliant still work? Yes, Brilliant will work without Wi-Fi or an Internet connection. You will need Wi-Fi to use the video intercom, or to connect to other smart home devices in the house. An Internet connection is required to use Alexa, and there are also a few smart home products that also require an Internet connection (you know who you are). But if Wi-Fi isn't present, Brilliants will use Bluetooth to connect with each other. Does Brilliant support ceiling fans? As long as your ceiling fan has an on/off switch, then yes we can support it. We do not currently support speed-adjusting ceiling fans. Will this work in the UK or other countries? No, our initial products are made for 120v, not the 240v standard that is present in the UK and many other countries. How much does it cost to power a Brilliant Control? On average, our customers save money from installing a Brilliant thanks to motion control and other features that reduce your lighting costs. It typically takes 0.75 KwH per month to run a Brilliant. To put that in perspective, if you turned off one 60W incandescent bulb for one hour, you are already saving money. Typically smart lighting can help you reduce your lighting bills by 5-18%. Are there any monthly fees, or costs to connect to other devices? There are no monthly fees to use any Brilliant product, and we don't charge for "drivers" or other software to connect to supported partner products. We will eventually offer some optional services (like upgraded photos and display art), if you are interested. Do you have a refund policy if you don't ship the product? If you purchase a product from Brilliant, and are not completely satisfied, you can return it for a full refund within 30 days (please consult our Terms of Service for details). Do you have any other questions? Contact us: support@brilliant.tech × Sign up to win a free Brilliant Control Win a free Brilliant Control We pick a winner every two weeks.All you need to do is enter to win. " You have been entered to win." Enter to win a free Control 1 Winner | Every 14 Days! Brilliant in Facebook Brilliant in Twitter Brilliant in Instagram Brilliant in LinkedIn Brilliant in YouTube