BDG Privacy Policy BDG Updated: Originally Published: Effective date: Dec. 19, 2022 We are BDG Media, Inc. and W Media LLC (“BDG,” “we,” “us” and “our”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the information we collect from and about you when you use our websites that link to this Policy (the “Sites”), or otherwise engage with the services, features, editorial and commercial content (“Content”), and mobile applications we offer (collectively, the Sites and other services, are referred to herein as the “Services”). BDG is the data controller of your information. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us using the contact information below. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Services. A full list of the BDG brands and Site properties can be found here . This Policy contains the following sections: The information we collectOnline analytics and advertisingHow we use your informationHow we disclose your informationChildren’s privacyProtection of your informationRetention of your informationYour rights and choicesAdditional privacy information for California residentsInformation for international usersThird party servicesChanges to our PolicyContact InformationCookie Details The information we collect The information we collect about you depends on the Services you use, how you use them, and the information you provide to us. We collect information in three main ways: (1) information you provide directly to us; (2) information we collect automatically through technology when you use the Services; and (3) information we collect from other sources. Information You Provide Directly to Us When you use our Services, you may provide certain information to us. For example, we collect information directly from you when you sign up for email newsletters and text messages, obtain a subscription from us or make a purchase; post comments, photos, or videos to the Services; participate in our publishing activities; attend events by us or our advertising partners; provide us with feedback; seek customer service; participate in BDG surveys, contests, research, or partner promotions; apply for a job with us or work for us as an independent contractor; or communicate and interact with us through social media platforms. Some of the most common categories of information we collect directly from you include: Contact and account information, such as name, address, telephone number, and email address. Financial and transactional information, such as credit card information, and purchase and transaction history (which is collected by our third-party payment processors). Customer service interaction information, such as messages submitted to us through online forms or email, and summaries or recordings of interactions with our customer service teams. Information you provide in connection with surveys and sweepstakes, such as your interests, preferences, demographic data (e.g., gender), photos and videos, and information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill your prize or participation incentives (if any). Photos and Recordings . We may receive video and/or audio recordings or photography which we obtain at our events or from third parties who submit to us, for example videos of public events, which may contain images of you. You may also choose to provide your own text, video and/or audio recordings and/or photography to us in response to a submission request. Employment application information. If you are applying for a job with BDG, we may collect information such as contact information, background information, and employment qualifications and history. Information we collect automatically through cookies and similar technologies When you use the Services, we and our service providers may use a variety of technologies to offer you a more tailored experience by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences. The types of technologies we use are: Web server logs – files where website activity is stored.Cookies – small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website, that enable us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) –tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads, and/or email that are designed to: (i) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and email open rates; (ii) measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising; and (iii) access user cookies.As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods. Please note that you can change your browser settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer ; Google Chrome ; Mozilla Firefox ; or Apple Safari ). Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services. Additional details about the cookies we use can be found below in the “Cookies Details” section, below. The type of information we collect automatically through these technologies when you use our Services include: Information about your device used to access the Services and how you interact with the Services, such as your IP address, browser language, the state or country from which you accessed the Services, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs, operating system, and browser type), referring and exit URLs, the links you click and files you download, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the terms you use in searches on our Sites, the date and time you accessed our Sites or opened our emails, and other similar information. Location information. In addition to general location information (e.g., city/state) which may be collected or derived from your IP address, some of our mobile applications may request your precise location information via GPS-based functionality to allow certain features to work (e.g. viewing content that is more local to your area). We will always ask your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings before we collect or use precise location information, and use such information in accordance with any applicable legal requirements to the extent precise geolocation information is considered “sensitive” information under applicable law. Information we Collect from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, social network services, journalists, media companies, and other parties to help us supplement our records. Certain features of our Services make it possible for you to post comments, photos, or other content publicly with other users, such as a BDG forum or a social networking site. Any information that you submit through these features is not confidential, and BDG may use it for any purpose (including in testimonials or other marketing materials), subject to and in accordance with applicable terms on social networking sites. De-Identified Data We may de-identify information we collect so the information cannot reasonably identify you or your device, or we may collect information that is already in de-identified form. Our use and disclosure of de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may use and disclose it to others for any purpose, without limitation. Online analytics and advertising Online Analytics We may use third-party analytics services on our Services (e.g., Google Analytics). These service providers may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services and on third-party services to collect information that can be used to track users over time and across services. These analytics services help us understand how users arrive at and use our Services. Online Advertising As discussed above, the Services may allow third-party advertising technologies (e.g., ad networks and ad servers, or other advertising partners) to place cookies or other tracking technologies on your device to collect information about you to assist in the delivery of relevant advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other online services you use. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and across other websites and online services and may be tailored to your interests. We also sometimes provide your information (such as email addresses) to service providers, who may “match” this information in de-identified form to cookies (or mobile ad identifiers) and other proprietary IDs, in order to provide you with more relevant ads when you visit other websites and mobile apps. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on the device you use to access the Services by such non-affiliated third parties.If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link , the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link , or Your Online Choices to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. You also may opt-out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network by using Google’s Ads Settings. You can also exercise choice with respect to these activities by using the options in the “Your rights and choices” section below. How we use your information BDG may use the information we collect in the following ways: To provide the services you have requested , such as to send you email newsletters, offer customer support and provide subscriptions. To communicate with you, for example, providing service updates, and notifying you of changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. For marketing and advertising purposes , including providing you with the latest announcements, promotions, and information about upcoming events. To personalize your experience and customize the Services , such as delivering relevant content and recommending features through our Services. To improve our Services , including bug detection and error reporting, to understand how users interact with our Services and advertisements, improve the Services, perform research and analytics, and to test and create new features and services. For our business operations , including reviewing and processing employment applications, and for security, fraud prevention, and legal compliance,such as detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. Other purposes for which we seek your consent. We may also use your information for specific purposes to which you have agreed. We will ask for your consent to process your information for such purpose in accordance with applicable legal requirements. The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the legal grounds they rely on to process your information. Our legal bases for processing your information as described in this Policy are as follows: Where use of your information is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract or commitment to you. For example, to provide the services you’ve requested from us, or to comply with our legal terms and policies.Where use of your information furthers our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others. For example, to provide security for our Services, operate our business and our Services, make and receive payments, defend our legal rights, and prevent fraud.Where we use your information to comply with applicable legal obligations. For example, keeping track of your subscriptions for tax and auditing purposes. Where you have consented to our processing of your information for a particular purpose. For the purposes discussed in this Policy, we may combine the information that we collect through the Services with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Policy. How we disclose your information We may disclose your information in the following ways: Affiliated entities. We may disclose information within the BDG family of companies to deliver the Services, operate our business, and enhance our Services and your customer experience. Service providers. We use select third-party vendors to help us provide our Services and operate our business, and we may provide access to or disclose your information to these vendors. They provide a variety of services to us, including customer support and engagement, payment and subscription processing, sales and marketing, design and development, cloud data storage and hosting, security, research, and legal services. These service providers are permitted to access and use your information for purposes of performing services for BDG or to comply with applicable legal requirements. Online advertising partner s. As discussed in the “online advertising” section above, we may share certain information about you with our online advertising partners to assist in our online advertising and measurement activities. Protection of BDG and others. We may disclose the information we collect about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (for example, a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service , this Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of BDG or others. Contests and Sweepstakes.We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third-party partner, the information you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of this information is not governed by this Policy. Business transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge, or partner with other companies. In such transactions, including in contemplation of such transactions, your information may be among the transferred assets. If a portion or all of BDG’s assets are transferred to a third party in these circumstances, we may disclose your information as part of the transaction. Content & Recordings. We may share our Content across BDG and third-party distribution channels. Our Content may be seen globally by our users and viewers, including users of the Internet and/or social media platforms, as well as third parties’ platforms and channels who license or purchase our Content. Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Policy, and will share such information with your permission. Children’s privacy Our Services are intended for general audiences and are not directed at children. If we become aware that we have collected data without legally valid parental consent from children under an age where such consent is required, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. Protection of your information We are committed to protecting your information. We use a variety of technical, physical, and organizational security measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of your information. If you create an account, it’s important that you select a strong password and do not disclose it to others. Alert us immediately if you have any concerns about unauthorized use of your account. Retention of your information We retain information for different periods of time depending on the purposes for which we collect and use it, as described in this Privacy Policy. We will delete or de-identify information when it is no longer needed to fulfill these purposes unless a longer retention period is required to comply with applicable laws. There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to prevent further processing your information. Your rights and choices We provide you with the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your information. Your legal rights to exercise such controls and choices vary based on the laws of your jurisdiction, and may include the following: Access to, or a copy of, your informationConfirmation that we are processing your informationCorrection or amendment of your informationDeletion of your informationTransfer of your information to a third partyRestriction or objection to certain uses of your information If you have provided consent for us to use your information for a specific purpose, you may also request to withdraw that consent. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period required by applicable law. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests (e.g., where we are required to keep information for legal purposes, or where deletion of information would interfere with freedom of expression). If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process. Sale/Targeted Advertising . Under the laws in certain US jurisdictions, you also have the right to opt out of our processing or sharing of your information for online targeted advertising purposes. Note that certain state laws also allow you to opt out of the “sale” of your information to third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. As discussed throughout this Policy, we may use analytics or online advertising tools that result in the disclosure of your information to our third-party partners and that are subject to this opt out right. You can opt out of both of these activities by clicking on "Menu" on the top right corner of your screen and selecting "Your Privacy Options". A dialog will pop up - toggle on "I want to request that you ‘Do Not Sell My Personal Information’" and click “confirm”. Marketing Opt Out Rights. You can also opt out of our marketing activities in the following ways: Email marketing.You can opt out of our email marketing by following the instructions located at the bottom of our emails. Please note, opting out or unsubscribing will not prevent you from receiving communications about your subscriptions or other important notices such as changes to our terms and policies, which are not marketing in nature. SMS . If you signed up to receive text messages from us, you may unsubscribe at any time. You may opt out of text messages by replying STOP. Additional privacy information for California Residents If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide you with the following additional information about: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose such personal information for a business purpose, (b) “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising,” and/or (c) “sell” such personal information. Under the CCPA, “sharing” is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites, and “selling” is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. We “share” information to provide more relevant and tailored advertising to you regarding our Services. We also use third-party analytics services and online advertising services that may result in the sharing of online identifiers (e.g., cookie data, IP addresses, device identifiers, and usage information) in a way that may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.Contact and account information Purpose of Use: Provide the Services; Communicate with you; Marketing and advertising; Personalize the Services; Improve the Services; Business Operations; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Online advertising partners; Connected third-party services; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: Online advertising partners (note that only email is shared) Financial and transactional information Purpose of Use: Provide the Services; Communicate with you; Marketing and advertising; Personalize the Services; Improve the Services; Business Operations; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: We do not share/sell Customer service interaction information Purpose of Use: Communicate with you; Improve the Services; Business Operations; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: We do not share/sell Content submitted in online BDG forums Purpose of Use: Communicate with you; Marketing and advertising; Personalize the Services; Improve the Services; Business Operations; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: We do not share/sell Surveys and sweepstakes information Purpose of Use: Communicate with you; Marketing and advertising; Personalize the Services; Improve the Services; Business Operations; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: Sweepstakes advertising partners (note that we only share the first name, last name, and email address of users who opted-in to receive communications from the advertiser at the time of entry) Photos, videos and audio recordings Purpose of Use: Provide the Services; Marketing and advertising; Personalize the Services; Improve the Services; Business Operations; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: We do not share/sell Employment application information Purpose of Use: To process your employment application and for our legal purposes Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: We do not share/sell Information collected through automated technologies, including device identifiers and usage information Purpose of Use: Provide the Services; Marketing and advertising; Personalize the Services; Improve the Services; Business Operations; Recognize a user across multiple touchpoints; With your consent Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG Discloses this Personal Information: Affiliated entities; Service providers; Online advertising partners; Connected third-party services; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for business transactions Categories of Third Parties to Which BDG “Shares” and “Sells” this Personal Information for Advertising/Analytics Purposes: Online advertising partners For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose or share information, please see the “Information we collect”, “How we use your information,” and “How we disclose your information” sections above.Your Choices Regarding “Sharing” and “Selling”: You have the right to opt out of BDG’s sale/sharing of your personal information as described above by clicking on "Menu" on the top right corner of your screen and selecting "Your Privacy Options". A dialog will pop up - toggle on "I want to request that you ‘Do Not Sell My Personal Information’" and click “confirm”. Other CCPA Rights. If we ever offer any financial incentives in exchange for your personal information, we will provide you with appropriate information about such incentives. The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for business purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA. Retention of your personal information. Please see the “Retention of Your Information” section above. Do Not Track (“DNT”). DNT is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our websites for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. Some web browsers offer users a “Do Not Track” privacy preference setting in the web browser. We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. Learn more about Do Not Track . California “Shine the Light” disclosure. The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the disclosure of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact information below. Information for international users We operate globally and may transfer, store, and/or process your information to or with other entities within the BDG family of companies or other third parties such as trusted service providers and partners in locations around the world (including the United States) for the purposes described in this Policy. Wherever your information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we take reasonable steps to protect your information in accordance with this Policy and applicable laws. These measures may include implementing Standard Contractual Clauses to govern the transfer of your information, or other means recognized by applicable laws. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage, or processing. If you have any concerns or complaints about our data processing activities, we urge you to first try to resolve such issues directly with us. However, if applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based, or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached. Third-Party Services This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to: any third-party websites, services and applications and any affiliated brands (“Third-Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Services. We do not have any responsibility or liability for these policies or any content on Third Party Services and do not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. We have no control over the availability of any of those Third-Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Services you access. Changes to our Privacy Policy From time to time we may change or update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically, and you can know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the “Effective Date” at the beginning of the document. By continuing to use the Services, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to the Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Contact Information If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a message to Privacy@BDG.com We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Cookie Details Cookies we use We may use the following types of cookies Strictly necessary cookies These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Services and under our terms with you (both in order to perform any contract with you, and in our legitimate interests ).They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website. Analytical/performance cookies These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us, subject to your choices and preferences, to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalise our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Targeting/Advertising cookies. These cookies record your visit to our Sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information, subject to your choices and preferences, to make our Sites more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. What is Do Not Track (DNT)? DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. No standard has been adopted to date. As such, we do not generally respond to “do not track” signals, nor do most other websites. How to opt-out of third party data targeting & how to disable cookies If you prefer not to receive interest-based content and ads enabled by Google, you can opt-out by clicking on the “Opt Out” link at either Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) ( http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/ ) or Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) ( http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ ). BDG is a registered Trustworthy Accountability Group (TAG) program participant with sourcing disclosure information available. The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but, in general, the Sites may not operate properly if all cookies are switched off. If you want to disable cookies on our Sites, you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. Microsoft Internet Explorer 1. Select the Tools menu > Internet Options 2. Click on the Privacy tab 3. Select the setting the appropriate setting Google Chrome 1. Select Settings > Advanced 2. Under Privacy and Security > Content settings. 3. Click Cookies and select the relevant options Safari 1. Select Preferences > Privacy 2. Click on Remove all Website Data Mozilla Firefox 1. Choose the Tools menu > Options 2. Click on the Privacy icon 3. Select the Cookie menu and select the relevant options Opera 6.0 and further 1. Choose Files menu > Preferences 2. Select Privacy Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the Sites. This article was originally published on Search Close Legal