Important: Please read this before using this service Terms of Use These Terms of Use ("Terms") are a binding agreement between you and Canon Inc. ("Canon") which govern your use of the "Service" defined in Article 1 hereof. You may agree to the Terms by choosing "Agree". Your use of the Service also shall be deemed as agreement to the Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms, you may not use the Service. Canon reserves the right to modify the Terms at any time at its sole discretion. When the Terms are modified, Canon notifies you of such modification. If you do not agree to the modified Terms, you may not use the Service. Your continued use of the Service shall be deemed as agreement to such modifications. 1. Definition of the Service The "Service" shall mean online services mainly for users of printer to provide them with various benefits. The Service includes the following services; (1) The service to print, edit or otherwise process image or document file or other contents ("Content" ) posted on the social networking service, image sharing service or other online service which are separately operated by Canon or any third party ("Linked Service"); (2) The service to upload the Content to the Linked Service; and (3) The service to check status of printer (remaining ink amount, printing job, etc.) from remote locations. You can use a part of the Service through the printer's operation panel or a portal site operated by Canon ("Canon Site"). Additionally, if you are using a Canon Software Service with Additional Functionality for Alexa (as defined in Article 14.2 hereof), the Service shall also include the Canon Software Service with Additional Functionality for Alexa. 2. Requirements to use the Service 2.1 Intended Age The Service is intended for adult individuals. If you have not reached adult status in the country or region you are resident in, you should not use the Service. 2.2 Required Environments Use of the Service requires an Internet access. In addition, use of certain part of the Service requires a printer applicable to the Service and its Printer Registration (defined in Article 4.1 below). Use of certain part of the Service also requires personal computer or other device. The Service may be affected by the performance of these environments. You are responsible for preparing and maintaining such environments and bearing any and all costs associated with them. 3. Right to use the Service Subject to your compliance with the Terms, Canon hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free and revocable right to personally use the Service upon a Printer Registration, except for certain part of the Service where you will be granted such limited right as long as you agree to these Terms. 4. Printer Registration, User Registration, Canon's Termination and Your Cancellation 4.1 Printer Registration If you use the Service, you must connect your printer through the Internet to Canon's server, and register the printer to the Service in accordance with the procedure designated by Canon ("Printer Registration") except for certain part of the Service otherwise designated by Canon from time to time. 4.2 User Registration If you use the Service through Canon Site, you must acquire and use your Canon ID. In addition, you must register the information required by Canon at Canon Site ("User Registration"). You may not use a Canon ID that you are not authorized to use. If you breach any of the above obligations, Canon may reject your User Registration. 4.3 Canon's Termination of Printer Registration or User Registration Canon may terminate your Printer Registration or User Registration for the Service, at any time, without prior notice to you if: (1) there is violation of the Terms; (2) there is request by a court of law, government agency, competent supervisory agency or other official body in Japan or other country or region in accordance with law or regulation; (3) there is unexpected technical or security problem; (4) Canon finds your use of the Service to be inappropriate for any reason; (5) without the Printer Registration, you do not use the Service for forty (40) days or more; or (6) with the Printer Registration, you do not use the Service for four hundred (400) days or more. In the event of termination of the Printer Registration or User Registration, you shall not be able to use all or part of the Service. 4.4 Your Cancellation of Printer Registration or User Registration You may cancel your Printer Registration or User Registration at any time in accordance with the procedure designated by Canon. If you sell or transfer to a third party or dispose of the printer you registered in accordance with Article 4.1 hereof ("Registered Printer"), you are solely responsible for cancelling the Printer Registration or User Registration in accordance with the procedure designated by Canon. 5.Information Collected You agree that Canon may collect certain information from you when you make the Printer Registration, User Registration and use of the Service, and may also use such collected information. Canon shall use the information collected from you in accordance with Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") which is set by Canon separately, constitutes a part of the Terms and governs your use of the Service. You must read and accept the Privacy Policy before using the Service. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Service. 6. Prohibited Activities You agree that you shall not use the Service to: (1) process any Content that is unlawful, harassing, threatening, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, abusive, violent, obscene, vulgar, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, racially or ethically offensive or otherwise objectionable; (2) engage in any act that violates any law, regulation, guidance, rule, order, treaty or public order; (3) engage in infringement of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property rights; (4) engage in infringement of privacy rights or any other legal or moral rights of another person; (5) process lewd images, child pornography, images of child abuse or any other similar images; (6) process information encouraging war, racial discrimination, religious persecution, human trafficking, prostitution, violence, brutality or drug use; (7) design, develop or manufacture weapons of mass destruction or engage in terrorism or other military acts; (8) engage in any acts linked to crimes such as gambling, obstruction of business or fraud; (9) stalk, harass, threaten or harm another; (10) impersonate or misrepresent yourself with another person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with the affiliation of another person or entity; (11) process viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to harm, interfere or limit the normal operation of the Service; (12) violate the security of the Service through hacking, password mining or other means; (13) interfere with or disrupt the Service, or any servers or networks utilized for the provision of the Service, or any policies, requirements or regulations of networks utilized for the provision of the Service; or (14) engage in other action which Canon deems inappropriate. 7. Disclaimer of Warranty THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE TO BE USED FOR THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. CANON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE PROVISION AND OPERATION OF THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE TO BE USED FOR THE SERVICE. THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE TO BE USED FOR THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU ARE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE TO BE USED FOR THE SERVICE BY YOU, AND CANON SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THEM. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CANON EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, COMPATIBILITY OF THE SERVICE WITH SPECIFIC USES OR PURPOSES AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES. CANON MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (1) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (2) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY OR SECURE, OR (3) DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED. FURTHER, CANON MAKES NO WARRANTY TO THE RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AS TO THE ACCURACY AND RELIABILITY THEREOF. CANON RECOMMENDS THAT YOU SHALL NOT USE THE SERVICE FOR PROCESSING ANY CONTENT THAT IS CRITICAL AS TO ITS ARRIVAL OR ITS ACCURACY OR SECURITY, INCLUDING INFORMATION, THAT YOU WANT TO KEEP PRIVATE OR THAT NEEDS TO BE KEPT PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL (FOR EXAMPLE, MEDICAL, FINANCIAL AND OTHER SENSITIVE INFORMATION). 8. Limitation of Liability You shall only use the Service after understanding and accepting that the events specified below may occur in your use of the Service. Canon shall not be liable to you for any of the events referred below or associated consequences.(1) The Content is not processed due to any reason, including, but not limited to, the settings of the Registered Printer, the Linked Service, the network environment, technical restriction or specification of the Service; (2) The process of the Content requires a certain amount of time; (3) The printout of the Content on the Registered Printer differs from a corresponding image which is displayed on a screen or a printout made from a personal computer or other terminal; (4) If the Content is not processed within a certain period after receipt by Canon's servers, the Content received by Canon's server will be automatically deleted after the expiration of such period; (5) Due to limitations to the security used by the Service and lack of encryption for the Content, no security for the Content or the Service can be guaranteed; (6) All or part of the Service is not available due to alteration, termination or stoppage of the Linked Service, or the Service is affected by the Linked Service; and (7) The Content is lost from Canon's servers due to any reason, including, but not limited to, the failure, modification, suspension or termination of the Service. IN NO EVENT SHALL CANON BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR TIME, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF CANON HAS BEEN ADVISED OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR THE RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. 9. Dispute between Users The Service includes the function which enables users of the Service to share and transmit Content with each other. The Content shared through such function may be changed by other users and the Content transmitted through such function may be printed automatically by the receiving printer. You agree that any problem or dispute between you and other users arising from or in connection with your use of such function must be settled between you and such users and you are solely responsible for settling such problem or dispute. Canon shall not be responsible to you or other users for any damage or loss arising from or in connection with such problem or dispute between you and other users. 10. Exclusion to Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability Some jurisdictions may not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability for certain damages. As such, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, such exclusions or limitations shall apply. 11. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Canon, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and subcontractors from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising from or in connection with (1) the Content you (or anyone using your Registered Printer or Canon ID) process through the Service, (2) use of the Service by you (or anyone using your Registered Printer or Canon ID), or (3) violation of the Terms by you (or anyone using your Registered Printer or Canon ID). 12. Modification, Suspension, Assignment and Termination of the Service Canon reserves the right to modify, suspend, assign to a third party or terminate the Service at any time, at its sole discretion, without prior notice to you. Canon shall not be liable for any damage or loss incurred by you or any third party due to the modification, suspension, assignment or termination of the Service. 13. Disclosure in accordance with Law or Regulation Canon may disclose the Content or any other information Canon receives through the Service if required to do so by a court of law, government agency, competent supervisory agency, or other official body in Japan or other country or region in accordance with law or regulation. Canon shall not be liable for any damage or loss incurred by you due to such disclosure. 14. Online Service and Websites of Third Party 14.1 General When using the Service, you may in some cases access the Linked Service operated by any third party, or access third party websites through hypertext or other computer links on the Site at your own risk and responsibility. Canon does not have control over such Linked Service or websites of third parties and shall not be responsible for such Linked Service or websites of third parties. Canon does not review, warrant or make representations about such Linked Service or websites of third parties, any information, software, products, services or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. 14.2 Linked Service Your access to the Linked Service for use of the Service may require an account for the Linked Service.You shall be responsible for acquiring such account and bearing any and all costs associated with the same. The Linked Service has its own terms of use which are applied to your use of the Linked Service. When you upload Content to the Linked Service operated by third parties through the Service, you may be required, under the agreements or terms of use for the Linked Service, to grant licenses to such third parties or their related entities to copy, modify, adapt, display, communicate and distribute the Content, and to warrant that you have authority to grant such licenses. When you use the Linked Service operated by third parties for use of the Service, you shall agree to the agreements and terms of use, including the above mentioned terms, provided by the third parties, and agree to comply with the agreements and terms of use. You agree to defend and indemnify Canon, its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, and consignees of the Service from and against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, disbursements, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising from or relating to (1) any Content you process through the Service, (2) your use of the Service, or (3) your breach of the Terms. When using Google Drive through the Service, you give Canon a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to Use Content submitted, posted, or displayed to or from the Service. "Use" means use, host, store, modify, communicate, and publish. The license is granted for the sole purpose of enabling Google Inc. to provide, protect, and improve its APIs, developer services, and related software. These terms and conditions are provided in Google APIs Terms of Service. If Google APIs Terms of Service change, or if there are any inconsistencies between Google APIs Terms of Service and this Article, Google APIs Terms of Service shall prevail. When using Microsoft Corporation's OneDrive through the Service, you understand that Microsoft Corporation may need, and you hereby grant Canon the sublicensable right, to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, distribute, and display Content made available through the Service solely to the extent necessary for Microsoft Corporation to provide the OneDrive APIs, OneDrive, or Microsoft Corporation accounts. When using the Service, you may need to install a Microsoft application. These terms and conditions are provided in Microsoft Corporation's OneDrive API Terms and Conditions. If the OneDrive API Terms and Conditions change, or if there are any inconsistencies between the OneDrive API Terms and Conditions and this Article, the OneDrive API Terms and Conditions shall prevail. When using Dropbox, Inc.'s Dropbox through the Service, you shall use the Service after understanding the contents of the Service. This condition is provided in Dropbox, Inc.'s Dropbox Developer Terms and Conditions. If the Dropbox Developer Terms and Conditions change, or if there are any inconsistencies between the Dropbox Developer Terms and Conditions and this Article, the Dropbox Developer Terms and Conditions shall prevail. A part of the Service may be used through a voice service called Alexa ("Alexa Service") by Amazon Services International, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, "Amazon") and a Canon software service with additional functionality for Alexa, so-called Alexa Skill, compatible with the Service ("Canon Software Service with Additional Functionality for Alexa"). The Service provided through the Canon Software Service with Additional Functionality for Alexa may only be used for the purpose of using a supported Canon printer. When using the Service through the Canon Software Service with Additional Functionality for Alexa, you will be subject to the Terms as well as the Alexa Terms of Use and other terms ("Alexa Terms") set by Amazon in connection with the Alexa Service. If there are any inconsistencies between Alexa Terms and this Article, Alexa Terms shall prevail solely to the extent necessary to resolve the inconsistencies. 15. Copyright All contents which are provided by Canon through the Service, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, software (including HTML-based computer programs) and the compilation of such contents are the exclusive property of Canon or its content suppliers (licensors) and are protected by copyright laws. 16. Trademark All trade names, trademarks, service marks and other product and service names and logos on the Service (collectively, "Marks") are the property of Canon or their respective owners and are protected by applicable trademark laws. You are granted no right or license in the Marks and may not copy, imitate or use the Marks, in whole or in part. 17. Electronic Communications Communication between you and Canon in relation to your use of the Service includes communication by electric means.You agree that you receive notices from Canon by e-mail or posting notices on Canon Site and that all such notices and other communications that Canon provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such notices and communications shall be in writing. 18. Assignment You shall not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Terms and any of the rights granted hereunder to any other third party, without the prior written consent of Canon. 19. No Waiver The failure of Canon to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. 20. Severability If any part of the Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, you agree that such part shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable laws to reflect the original intention of Canon and you and that it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other terms or rights which shall remain in full force and effect. 21. Survival Notwithstanding any termination of your use of the Service, the Terms shall remain in full force and effect. 22. Governing Law and Jurisdiction The Terms shall be governed by the laws of Japan and any lawsuits arising or related to the Terms or your use of the Service shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the courts do not permit such consent to this jurisdiction, your local jurisdiction will apply, and if such courts exclude the laws of Japan from applying, the laws of the country or region you are resident in will apply. 23. Entire Agreement The Terms together with the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Canon regarding the Service. Last modified: Aug 5, 2018