Privacy Policy Sparklight Privacy Policy Sparklight® is a dba ("doing business as") alias of Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO). Sparklight protects personally identifiable information collected from visitors to the Sparklight websites and users of its services as described generally in this Privacy Policy. In this document, "Cable One" means Cable One, Inc. and "Sparklight" means Sparklight® and any Cable One or Sparklight affiliate or subsidiary authorized to provide you with services, such as Cable One VoIP LLC. When you order or request any of our services, or use the Sparklight websites or services, you are deemed to have read and agreed to this Privacy Policy, whether you sign a document or not. Your usage of our website is also subject to our Terms and Conditions, found here: https://www.sparklight.com/legal/terms-and-conditions as well as any other applicable policies. WHO CAN USE OUR WEBSITES Our services, including access to this and our other websites, are intended solely for use by persons over 18 years of age or businesses that are domiciled and resident in the U.S. and in a state where we own network facilities to provide services in that state, such as cable or fiber optic lines, and regularly transact business from a physical presence, such as through our business offices. While you do not need to be our customer to use our websites, if you are not domiciled and resident in a state where we provide services you should neither use our websites nor provide us with any personally identifiable information. WHAT IS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION Personally identifiable Information provides the identify of an individual or company either by direct or indirect means. Examples of personally identifiable information include a name, physical address, email address, telephone number, social security number, credit or financial data or other identifying number or code. COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION We collect personally identifiable information when you complete online forms on this website and when you order, update, or manage the services or equipment you purchase from us. We may also collect additional personally identifiable information if you respond to a voluntary customer survey or enter a sweepstakes or contest offered through a Sparklight website, or if you request changes to your service through one of our customer service representatives. We also will collect your e-mail address if you choose to ask a question or provide feedback online. We also may collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit or access the Sparklight Internet portal page or other Sparklight websites. Sparklight and its affiliates, partners and advertisers may place small text files or "cookies" on your computer's hard drive. These cookies collect information about your activities on our site so that we may provide customized content and facilitate your use of the site. Third parties, including our affiliates, partners, and advertisers, may also place cookies on your computer. These cookies also collect anonymous information to provide details about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Accepting all cookies is voluntary, and you may still use websites if you decline – although you may not be able to access certain services that we offer. You can manually delete cookies once they are placed onto your computer. Consult your web browser for instructions on how to decline and/or delete cookies. We may also collect information about your interests when you choose to click on links in commercial e-mail messages that we send you so that we can understand which links interested you and can send you further information that may be of interest to you. You can choose not to receive any commercial e-mail messages we send through the opt-out links provided in every such message. LIMITED USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION We use the personally identifiable information we collect to make sure you receive the products and services you requested; to send you bills and credit you for payments; to respond promptly to your questions, complaints, and requests for changes in service; to help resolve any service or maintenance problems; to protect the security of our equipment and services; to ensure compliance with applicable laws; and to prevent the unauthorized reception of service; and to investigate activity that violates our website Terms and Conditions. We may also use your personally identifiable information to send you program or service listings, new product or service offerings, special announcements, and other information we think you may want on behalf of Sparklight or third parties. You can always choose to opt out of receiving commercial e-mail announcements that we send about our own products or services or those of third parties by clicking on the opt-out link provided in every such e-mail.Sparklight does not routinely monitor the activity of user accounts except for measurements of system utilization, general statistical analyses and the preparation of billing records and logs which result in the gathering of minimal personally identifiable information, including names and e-mail addresses of visitors to this website. Sparklight reserves the right to monitor bandwidth, usage, and content from time to time to operate our services; to identify violations of our polices; and/or to protect the network and Sparklight users. Sparklight will at all times comply with applicable laws, such as copyright law, and cooperate with law enforcement authorities and system administrators at other Internet service providers or other network or computing facilities. Such compliance and cooperation may include Sparklight providing the username, IP address, or other personally identifiable information about a website user or services subscriber. LIMITED DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION Sparklight will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties without your permission except: for purposes related the reason the information was collected, such as a credit check or provision of requested services or equipment; to respond to proper requests for information from government or judicial officials investigating illegal activity; in the event of bankruptcy or a sale of substantially all or some of the assets of Sparklight; to protect the personal safety of our subscribers or the public; to improve or expand usage of our services and offerings to you and other users or potential users of services; to protect and defend the rights or property of Sparklight, our subscribers, other internet users, and the functioning of our network; or to comply with the law. Sparklight may share your personally identifiable information with entities affiliated with us through common ownership or control or with third parties assisting us who agree not to further share or disclose the information and only to use it for the purposes we are permitted by this agreement. RETENTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION We plan to store personally identifiable information about you only so long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with laws governing our business. This period of time could be as long as seven years for our tax and accounting needs. Thereafter we will take reasonable steps to destroy such information, unless there are legitimate pending requests for access to such information. SECURITY OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION The security of your personally identifiable information is a high priority. While no website or service provider can guarantee complete security, we employ security technologies and procedures to help protect the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information and our actions will be consistent with current technologies, industry practices, and legal requirements, all on a reasonable best-efforts basis. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY This website is intended for use by residents of the United States who are over 18 years of age and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under thirteen years of age. Should a child whom we know to be under thirteen send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information. Parents and guardians are solely responsible to monitor and regulate their children’s’ usage of our websites and services. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES There are locations throughout our website where you may accept a link to third-party websites that do not operate under our privacy policy. When you click through to these websites, our privacy policies and practices no longer apply. We recommend that you examine the privacy policies of all third-party websites before engaging in any transactions with them to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We may modify or update our services from time to time, including the provisions of this privacy policy . In the case of material changes, we will post changes to our privacy policy here for a period of time before such changes become effective, so you should review this policy frequently. CUSTOMER PROPRIETARY NETWORK INFORMATION (“CPNI”) Another aspect of Sparklight’s privacy policy relates exclusively to information related to any telephone services you purchase from us. Federal FCC regulations require that a company providing telephone services protect certain information, known as “Customer Proprietary Network Information” or “CPNI”, such as the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location, charges, and amount of a service used by customers.It does not include names, addresses, or telephone numbers (unless unlisted) because such information is generally publicly available. In order to protect the confidentiality of your CPNI, we do not use or disclose it to anyone except with your consent or as permitted by the FCC regulations. In order to effectively protect your CPNI, we may need to authenticate you are our telephone customer before we can discuss details of your account that involve CPNI. In person we may ask you provide a photo ID and over the phone we may ask for the password on your account. If you do not have a password, we may only be able to send communications containing CPNI to your customer address of record or by calling the telephone number of record. When your password, address, or certain other information is changed, we will notify you. If you did not make or authorize the changes in the notice, you should contact us immediately. We will use your CPNI as reasonably necessary to provide you with our telephone services and support such as maintenance and billing for your phone service. We may also disclose your CPNI in response to a proper legal demand for the information and to protect Sparklight, its customers or other parties against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of its services. FCC regulations allow certain expanded uses of your CPNI on either an “opt-in” or “opt-out” authorization basis. If we decide to seek such authorization we will first give you an oral or written notice that will explain the proposed use, how you can respond, and what will happen if you do not respond. DO NOT CALL POLICY As part of its general business practice and in compliance with laws and regulations governing telemarketing and consumers’ rights to privacy, it is the policy of Sparklight that outbound sales calls will not be made to any person who has communicated a desire to us not to receive telephone solicitations or to any person on a state or federal Do Not Call list, except as permitted by law. The company reserves the right to make telephone solicitations in the absence of notification. You may contact your local Sparklight office by phone or in writing to be added to our Do Not Call list. Whether you call or write, you must specifically request to be placed on Sparklight’s Do Not Call list and provide your name, address and all telephone number(s) you wish to be included. Your number will be placed on our Do Not Call list within five (5) days of receipt. If you obtain a new telephone number, you must give us that new number if you want your “do not call” status to remain in effect. Please note that the law permits Sparklight to contact its customers for non-solicitation purposes, such as surveys, billing issues, or service-related matters. CONTACT US If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or any other services we provide, please contact us at legal@cableone.biz or 210 E. Earll Dr., Phoenix, AZ 85012, Attn: Legal Department. Business Sparklight Small Business Solutions Sparklight Large Business Solutions Sparklight Carrier & Wholesale Solutions Advertising Sparklight Digital Marketing Sparklight Creative Services Sparklight TV Advertising Legal Sparklight Open Internet & Network Management Sparklight Term & Conditions Sparklight Privacy Policy Sparklight Acceptable Use Policy Sparklight Closed Captioning Sparklight Accessibility Sparklight Cable Service Guard Sparklight Copyright Notice Sparklight Annual Notice Sparklight Subpoena Requests I Want To Sparklight Order New Service Sparklight Customer Login Sparklight Quick Pay Sparklight View TV Everywhere Sparklight Get Support Company Sparklight About Sparklight Sparklight About Cable One Sparklight Social Responsibility Sparklight Environmental Responsibility Sparklight News Room Sparklight Investor Relations Sparklight One-to-One Sparklight Net Neutrality More Sparklight Locations Sparklight Contact Us Sparklight Careers Sparklight Site Map Sparklight Remote Connect Sparklight uses cookies to enhance your experience. View our Privacy Policy to learn more. Copyright 2023, Sparklight ®. All rights reserved.