General conditions for the use of contents of the TIMVISION platform "FOR RENTAL" and "FOR PURCHASE" 1. Description of the Service 1.1 TIM S.p.A. with registered office in Via Gaetano Negri, 1 - 20123 Milan, General Management and secondary office Corso d'Italia, 41 - 00198 Rome (hereinafter "TIM") offers the service that allows customers, who have reached the age of majority, to are domiciled in Italy and holders of a tax code assigned by the Italian State, who are natural and non-legal persons, who connect to the Internet on Italian IP (Internet Protocol) classes, of the Vatican City State and of the State of San Marino and of countries belonging to the European Union (hereinafter the "Customer"), to use, in whole or in part, free of charge or for a fee, in the ways indicated below, audiovisual content made available by TIM through the TIMVISION platform after creating of an account for registration by the customer (hereinafter "Service"). By way of example but not limited to, these are cinematographic works, audiovisual works in general, musical works, multimedia works, including interactive ones, or works of any other nature (hereinafter individually or collectively referred to as the "Contents" and/or the "Files") and through the functions: (i) TVOD (Transaction Video On Demand) (ii) EST (Electronic sell-through) as better specified in article 3.1 below. In order to improve the experience of using the Service and help the Customer in choosing content, the Service provides for the proposition of content selected on the basis of the interactions between the Customer and the Service itself (such as activities and/or viewing preferences), by providing features such as, but not limited to, "bookmarks" and "continue watching". The Service is governed by these general conditions (hereinafter "General Conditions"), as well as by any additional specific conditions, which may be provided from time to time (hereinafter "Specific Conditions") and in the individual offers to which the Customer adheres. 1.2 TIM may make use of third-party companies for the provision of part of the Service. 1.3 The use of the Service in its complexity and of the individual Contents that compose it presupposes the availability by the Customer of an Internet connection via broadband, wireline and/or wireless technology, a decoder and/or other device and/or application dedicated and compatible (e.g. Smart TV, Applications for mobile devices, Tablets, PCs, game consoles), hereinafter "Devices" and an e-mail account with the address @alice.it, @tim.it and/or other account upon appropriate registration to the Service. To use the Service, it is necessary to have an Internet subscription, on a fixed or mobile network, and not to be in mini-DSL areas. For further details and for the list of TIMVISION compatible devices visit https://www.tim.it/assistance/tv-calcio/timvision/dispositivi. The lack of the requirements indicated therein determines the impossibility of using all or part of the Service, without any liability being ascribed to TIM. 2. Regulation of the Service and processing of the Customer's personal data 2.1 For the purpose of using the Contents, the Customer, during the registration/use of the Service phase, makes their personal data available to TIM in a truthful, correct and complete manner, which will be treated by TIM in compliance with the Privacy Code, assuming responsibility for damages deriving from the inaccuracy of the same. 2.2 In order to use the Service and its Contents pursuant to the previous art. 1.3, it is necessary to register, after having read the specific information relating to the TIMVISION Service (hereinafter, "Privacy Information") pursuant to Regulation 2016/679/EU (General Data Protection Regulation - hereinafter GDPR), by means of specific "form" or online registration form present on the start screen of the Service by expressly accepting these General Conditions when registering for the Service. 2.3 TIM reserves the right not to activate, suspend or interrupt the Service at any time if the data made available are incorrect or non-existent. 2.4 Authentication credentials (email, password, purchase PIN, parental control PIN) are personal and cannot be transferred. The Customer is required to keep them with the utmost diligence and to keep them confidential in order to prevent the use of the Service and its Contents by unauthorized third parties. 2.5 The Customer undertakes to immediately notify TIM in writing of any unauthorized use of such data by third parties. 2.6 In the event of theft or loss of the authentication credentials, the Customer must contact the Customer Service landline 187 and indicate the details of the relative report to the competent Authorities.TIM reserves the right to disable the Service related to credentials (i) declared to be stolen, unlawfully stolen or lost, upon receipt of the above report, or (ii) for which improper use and/or fraudulent 2.7 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Customer will otherwise be responsible for any use, made by authorized or unauthorized third parties, of the aforementioned data, as well as for any damage caused to TIM and/or third parties, depending on the failure to comply with the foregoing, undertaking henceforth to indemnify and hold TIM harmless from any and all requests, including for compensation for damages, deriving, directly or indirectly, from the aforementioned use or abuse. 3. Use/activation of the Service and minimum system configurations 3.1 The Service allows the use of the Contents in the following ways: (i) (ii) (iii) Access to a subscription service (SVOD) after subscribing to a specific subscription ( Ex. TIMVISION) Rental of Contents to use them in a limited period of time (TVOD) Purchase of Contents to use them without any time limit (EST). 3.2 The Service is activated immediately, except in specific cases in which it is included in offers that require different activation times. Please refer to the Assistance section on tim.it for information on the minimum technical requirements for an optimized view of the contents according to the device used (PC, Smartphone, tablet, etc.). To use the TIMVISION service and the contents of the "RENTAL" catalog from a mobile device (smartphone, tablet), device compatibility with the TIMVISION app is required. 3.3 Without prejudice to the payment of all amounts, where envisaged, relating to the rental, purchase and compliance by the Customer with the provisions of these General Conditions and the Specific Conditions for access to the Contents, TIM grants the same non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and limited license during the established use period. TIMVISION will have the right to automatically remove the Contents from the Customer's compatible Device, at the end of the relevant period of use. 3.4 The use of the Contents will be allowed on 2 compatible Devices and according to the conditions and limitations expressed in the offer subscription phase, and without prejudice to TIM's availability of the rights to the Contents chosen by the Customer for that specific Device. In particular, it should be noted that: - The contents rented from the "Rental" catalog (TVOD) are available for viewing for a period of 30 days after the contents have been made available. However, after starting viewing with the "Play" button, the Contents will be visible in streaming for a maximum period of 48 hours. - The Content purchased (EST mode) will continue to be available to the Customer for download or streaming without time limits as long as the Customer does not deactivate the account he created for registering on the TIMVISION platform. The Customer acknowledges and accepts that some Contents may become unavailable also due to restrictions on the availability of TIM and its Customers, relating to said Contents or in the event that TIM notifies the Customers of the closure of the TIMVISION platform; - The purchased and/or rented Contents will only be visible by logging in with the account with which the Customer made the purchase/rental. In such cases, TIM will not be liable to the Customer if the purchased Content is no longer available for streaming and/or download. 3.5 Following the Customer's registration for the Service, TIM will send the program guide (hereinafter the "Guide") to the email address indicated by the Customer when registering for the Service. The Customer may, at any time, suspend receipt of the Guide by clicking on a specific section in the Guide. TIM S.p.A. Registered Office: Via Gaetano Negri, 1 - 20123 Milan - General Management and Secondary Office: Corso d'Italia, 41 - 00198 Rome Share Capital Euro 11,677,002,855.10 - Tax Code, VAT Number and Registration - Milan Companies : 00488410010 - Registration A.E.E. register IT08020000000799 3.6 After activating the Service, a free first-level assistance service will be available by contacting the Customer Service on the 187 landline line or the 119 mobile line customer service. 4. Suspension of the Service 4.1 Without prejudice to the usability of the Content rented or purchased at pursuant to these General Conditions and applicable Specifications, the Customer accepts that TIM may temporarily suspend the Service to guarantee ordinary and extraordinary maintenance interventions. 5.Duration of the contractual relationship - Withdrawal 5.1 Without prejudice to the Customer's right to deactivate the account he created for registration on the TIMIVISION platform at any time, even without any notice and at no cost to him, the contractual relationship relating to the Service has a duration of 12 months, starting from the registration to the Service itself. Once this term has elapsed, the contractual relationship is understood to be extended indefinitely, unless the Customer has communicated his/her cancellation at least 30 days before the expiry date. 5.2 The Customer acknowledges and accepts that if he requests the use of Content in TVOD or EST mode, he will not be able to exercise the right of withdrawal pursuant to art. 52 and following of Legislative Decree 206/2005 (Consumer Code) as the exclusion provided for in lett. o) of the art. 59 theme of "Exceptions to the right of withdrawal" provided for in the case of supply of digital content through a non-material support. 5.3 Any lack of availability of the rights to the Contents and/or the Service will allow TIM to withdraw, at any time, from the contractual relationship relating to the Service and terminate the Service itself, by written communication, also via email, with advance notice of at least 30 days. In this case, the Customer will only be required to pay TIM any amounts due in relation to the Service used up to the aforesaid date. 6. Fees, billing and payment methods. Promotional Offers 6.1 The payment of the consideration for the TVOD and EST Service, where the latter are subject to payment, will take place with the methods chosen by the Customer among those made available, from time to time, by TIM in the Specific Conditions. 6.2 Prices do not include Internet connection costs which are those charged by the operator offering the connectivity service. 6.3 TIM reserves the right, at its own discretion, to offer its customers trial periods or other promotional services, including the choice of recipients of such promotional initiatives. 7. Use of the Service 7.1 The Customer expressly declares to be aware of the fact that the Service is intended exclusively for personal and non-commercial use and undertakes not to use the Service in violation of any law or regulation or in an improper manner. The Contents may not be transferred by the Customer for any reason and therefore may not be reproduced or used except for personal use. Any use of an entrepreneurial, commercial or advertising nature is expressly prohibited, any use that assumes or requires ownership of the synchronization rights or print publication rights of the Contents, communication and dissemination to the public, as well as any use that substantially achieves the -distribution of Contents. 7.2 The Customer may not in any way appropriate or, by way of example but not limited to, sell or rent the Contents themselves; moreover, the Customer may not modify the Contents, nor create any product derived from them, with the exclusion in any case of any appropriation for commercial purposes and/or for profit and/or for profit by the Customer. The reproduction of the Contents by the Customer must in any case take place exclusively in full compliance with all rights, including copyright rights and intellectual and industrial property rights in general, relating to the Contents themselves, as well as with all applicable laws and regulations. 7.3 In order to prevent minors from viewing any programs prohibited to them or the viewing of which is not recommended, the Customer can use the Parental Control service, made available by TIM on the TIMVISION platform and which must be activated by the Customer by setting the " Parental Control pins". It is the Customer's responsibility not to share the PIN with the minor. 7.4 The Customer will remain solely responsible for any claim made by third parties due to the improper use of the Contents and for the violation of any industrial property right, intellectual property as well as for the violation of any other applicable current provision and in any case for any injury of third party rights. 7.5 In particular, as regards services that may be accompanied by interactive applications, the Customer acknowledges that TIM does not carry out any surveillance or control over the communications conveyed by the Customer which take place through the Service, unless this is necessary to fulfill a provision of law, to a judicial order or to another Competent Authority. The Customer will therefore be solely responsible for the communication data and for everything entered and/or received through the Service over which TIM exercises no preventive control.The Customer acknowledges and accepts that by activating the Service he will be responsible towards any third party for all the consequent behaviors he will put in place in violation of the General Conditions and the Specific Conditions. 7.6 When using the Service, the Customer is required to respect the "netiquette" (literally "Network etiquette"), i.e. a set of rules that spontaneously developed within the Network, in which various prescriptions are found in relation to the behaviors that users network are required to observe the use of the same. In particular, the behavior of the Customer on the Internet must comply with the principles listed below: 7.6.1 the use of the Service must take place for lawful purposes, always using tones and expressions compliant with the rules of civil coexistence; 7.6.2 topics that fall within the area of ​​interest of a newsgroup (or discussion group) must be respected, refraining from posting messages on topics other than the one being discussed; 7.6.3 the Service must not be used to harm other people and must be used with full respect for others; 7.6.4 it is forbidden to appropriate, without authorisation, the intellectual work of others. All original intellectual creations, distinctive signs and inventions are protected with respect to the author and his beneficiaries, in accordance with Italian laws, community legislation and international treaties that regulate intellectual and industrial property; 7.6.5 it is prohibited to violate the privacy of other users of the Network by reading or intercepting messages intended for them. The exchange of private correspondence on the Internet is based on the provisions of the law which regulate correspondence confidentiality. Subjects who carry out commercial and/or professional activities on the Internet are bound, with particular rigour, to the general duty of confidentiality and supervision of the contents entered and/or received via the Internet; 7.6.6 the protection of minors requires the rejection of all forms of exploitation, in particular those of a sexual nature, and of all communications and information which may exploit their credulity; respect for the sensitivity of minors also requires particular caution in the dissemination of potentially harmful content to the public; 7.6.7 it is forbidden to compromise the functioning of the Network with specially created programs (viruses, etc.); 7.6.8 it is forbidden to violate the security of files and computers connected to the Network; 7.6.9 it is forbidden to copy and sell any software which is reproduced or distributed unlawfully. 7.6.10 The Customer acknowledges that any personal data of third parties may be processed only if you have acquired the express consent of the interested party to the processing of personal data and their communication to third parties. It is also forbidden to transmit so-called "sensitive" personal data via the Service, i.e. suitable for revealing racial and ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or other beliefs, political opinions, membership of parties, trade unions, associations or organizations of a religious, philosophical, political or trade union nature, as well as personal data suitable for revealing the state of health and sex life. Without prejudice to the provisions of the previous points of this article, if TIM finds data or information of this type among any information transmitted, it reserves the right to destroy, without giving any notice to the Customer, this data without retaining any recording or trace. 7.6.11 Anyone who becomes directly aware of the existence of content accessible to the public of an illegal nature shall directly inform the competent Authorities. 7.7 In the event that the Customer's conduct no longer complies with the principles and terms of these General Conditions, or if TIM believes, at its sole discretion, that such conduct may cause damage to third parties or to TIM itself or that the Service is used by the Customer for commercial purposes and/or in violation of the law and regulations, TIM may, at its complete discretion, immediately disable access to the service. TIM's right to compensation for damages suffered remains unaffected. 8. Guarantees and liability TIM S.p.A. Registered Office: Via Gaetano Negri, 1 - 20123 Milan - General Management and Secondary Office: Corso d'Italia, 41 - 00198 Rome Share Capital Euro 11,677,002,855.10 - Tax Code, VAT Number and Registration - Milan Companies : 00488410010 - Registration A.E.E. registerIT08020000000799 8.1 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Contents are provided in the state in which they are therefore, except as required by law, TIM is not liable for direct or indirect damages (also including damage for loss or loss of earnings or savings, interruption of activities, loss of information or data and other economic losses) suffered by the Customer or by third parties, deriving from the use or non-use of the Service. 8.2 TIM will not be liable for delays, malfunctions, suspension and/or interruptions - neither towards the Customer nor towards subjects directly or indirectly connected to the Customer - in the provision of the Service caused by: force majeure or unforeseeable circumstances; tampering or illegal interventions by third parties on services or equipment used by TIM; tampering or interventions on the connection devices, which fall within the Customer's availability, carried out by the latter or by unauthorized third parties; incorrect use of the service by the Customer; malfunction/wrong configurations of the connection devices used by the Customer. 8.3 TIM will in no way be liable to the Customer for the unavailability of the Service caused by a partial or total interruption of the access service provided by another telecommunications operator. 9. Indemnification The Customer agrees to substantially and procedurally indemnify and hold harmless from any loss, damage, liability, cost, expense, including legal fees, TIM and its affiliated and controlled companies, managers and employees against any claim advanced by third parties due to the use of the Service in violation of the Specific Conditions of the single Service by the Customer and/or of these General Conditions, or of the use of the Service by third parties through the Devices and/or identifiers of the Customer, as well as for the violation of any intellectual property right or other rights of others in any way connected to the Service and/or the Contents. 10. Express termination clause TIM reserves the right to terminate the contractual relationship relating to the Service, pursuant to and for the purposes of article 1456 of the Italian Civil Code, by letter or e-mail, to the address indicated by the Customer in registration phase, in the event of non-fulfillment of even just one of the obligations contained in articles 2 ("Regulations of the Service and processing of the Customer's personal data") and 8 ("Use of the Service"). 11. Modification of the economic conditions and/or or contractual TIM has the right to unilaterally modify the economic conditions, both in the type and extent and structure of the fees and charges to be borne by the Customer however denominated, as well as to vary the contractual conditions and the provision/use of the services, notifying to the Customer at least 30 days in advance and ensuring the Customer, for this period of time, the right of withdrawal without penalties or deactivation costs. This communication can also be provided by e-mail or through the dedicated mailbox. Notwithstanding the foregoing, TIM may make use of the aforementioned right to unilaterally modify the economic conditions, the contractual conditions and the provision/use of the services: i) for technical, managerial and/or economic needs, such as, by way of example, changes in commercial and/or technical changes to network platforms and/or production or marketing structures; (ii) due to changes in the reference legislation and regulations and/or in the pertinent jurisprudential guidelines also connected to technical and/or managerial aspects of the services provided; (iii) due to changes in market conditions that affect the economic equilibrium and/or the aforementioned technical and/or managerial aspects of the services provided; (iv) for changes to the methods and terms of activation and deactivation of the SIM Cards and for updates made necessary in order to ensure the correct use of the same and of the services provided in relation to abusive and/or fraudulent phenomena 12. Communications and complaints 12.1 Communications relating to this contractual relationship, as well as any reports of malfunctioning of the Service, may be sent by the parties to the following addresses: for TIM S.p.A.: Post Office Box 111 - 00054 Fiumicino (Rome); for the Customer: residential address or alternative address indicated by the Customer or email box indicated by the Customer when registering for the Service; for any other type of communication or request for clarification concerning these General Conditions, or any Specific Conditions, the Customer may also contact the Customer Service on the 187 landline line or the 119 mobile line Customer Service, free of charge.12.2 The Customer declares to be domiciled in Italy and is required to promptly communicate any change of his domicile. 13. Jurisdiction and referral to the law This contract is governed by Italian law. For any dispute concerning it, the Court of jurisdiction is competent where the Customer has his residence or domicile located in the territory of the Italian State. 14. Technological Protection Measures The Customer acknowledges and accepts that the Contents may contain technological protection measures pursuant to and for the effects of the Copyright Law (law n.633/41), consisting of devices and/or components that are intended to prevent or limit acts not authorized by the right holder(s);. Any use of the Contents in violation of the law or regulation, with particular reference to the aforementioned law n. 633/41, is expressly prohibited and is punished, and criminally sanctioned, pursuant to articles 171, 171-bis, 171-ter, 174-bis and 174-ter of the same law 633/1941. April 2023 TIM S.p.A. Registered Office: Via Gaetano Negri, 1 - 20123 Milan - General Management and Secondary Office: Corso d'Italia, 41 - 00198 Rome Share Capital Euro 11,677,002,855.10 - Tax Code, VAT Number and Registration - Milan Companies : 00488410010 - Registration A.E.E. register IT08020000000799