Cookie & Ad Policy Last Updated: March 28th, 2023 Overview Canary Connect, Inc. (“Canary”) uses cookies and other technologies on our website, mobile applications, electronic communications, advertisements, and other online services (collectively, the "Services") for a number of purposes, including: authenticating users, remembering user preferences and settings, determining the popularity of content, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, analyzing site traffic, mobile app features and trends, and generally understanding the online and mobile behaviors and interests of people who interact with our Services. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your consent to our use of these cookies and other technologies and to our use in accordance with this policy and our Privacy Policy. What Are Cookies? Cookies are small files containing an identifier that are stored on your browser or device. There are different types of cookies. Cookies served by the entity that operates the domain you are visiting are called “first party cookies.” Cookies served by companies that are not operating the domain you're visiting are called “third party cookies.” Canary also uses other identification technologies, such as pixel tags (also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels) which are small blocks of code on a webpage or app that allow them to read and place cookies or transmit information to us or our partners. The resulting connection can include information such as a device's IP address, the time a person viewed the pixel, an identifier associated with the browser or device, and the type of browser being used. Local storage is an industry-standard technology that allows a website or app to store and retrieve data on a person's computer, mobile phone or other device. Some examples include device or HTML5 local storage and caching. Your Choices Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. To do so, follow the instructions provided by your browser which are usually located within the "Help" or “Preferences” menu. Some third parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking on an opt-out link located on their website. It is important to note that some cookies and other technologies is essential in providing the Services to you, so you should be aware that if you choose to refuse or remove cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the Services. Removing or rejecting cookies does not necessarily affect third-party flash cookies which may be used by us or our partners in connection with our Services. To delete or disable flash cookies please visit this site for more information. For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu . Types and Purposes of Cookies The following table sets out the different categories of cookies that our Services use and why we use them. The lists of third party cookie providers are intended merely as illustrative not comprehensive. Category Purpose 1. Features and Services Cookies We may use cookies and similar technologies to help us provide you and others with social plugins for social sharing and other customized content and experiences, such as making suggestions to you and others or providing you with customer support. View Features and Services Cookies 2. Analytics Cookies (Measurement Cookies) Some cookies and tracking technologies are used to understand, improve, and research performance of our products and Services, including when you access the Canary website and related websites and apps from a computer or mobile device. For example, we may use cookies to understand how you are using site features or segmenting audiences for feature testing. We and our partners may use these technologies and the information we receive to improve and understand how you use websites, apps, products, services, and to provide you a tailored experience. View Analytics Cookies 3. Advertising Cookies (Marketing Cookies) Cookies and pixels are used to deliver relevant ads, track ad campaign performance and efficiency. For example, we and our ad partners may rely on information gleaned through these cookies to serve you ads that may be interesting to you on other websites.Similarly, our partners may use a cookie attribution service or another similar technology to determine whether we've served an ad and how it performed or provide us with information about how you interact with them. View Advertising Cookies Canary Ads Placed on Third Party Ad Networks; Opt-Out Options We use third parties to display advertisements on other websites. Through a process called “retargeting,” also known as “remarketing,” network advertisers place a cookie on your browser that allows us to show you ads on other websites based on your previous activity on our site. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy. We may provide these third party advertisers with information about your usage of our website and our services, as well as aggregate information about visitors to our website. Our third party vendors, including Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. We also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, to tailor advertisements relevant to you based on demographic information such as age, gender, and interests. You may, however, opt-out of many third party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”). For more information regarding your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third party ad networks, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (NAI); www.aboutads.info/choices (DAA) and www.youronlinechoices.eu (EDAA). Opting out of one or more member networks only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Third Party Ads Displayed on Canary’s Properties; Opt-Out Options Our Services may display ads served by one or more of the third party advertising networks listed in the table below under the heading “Advertising Cookies (Marketing Cookies).” These advertising networks may in turn send information about your device to other ad networks or advertisers in order to deliver ads to your device. You may opt out of sharing some of your information to these networks and advertisers through your device settings. For iOS navigate to “Allow Apps to Request to Track” by following these steps , and for Android go to “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” by opening the Settings app and navigating to Privacy > Ads . If you do so, you will continue to see ads in our Services, however they may not be as relevant to you. Contact Us If you have any questions about our use of cookies or third party advertising, please contact us at: legal@canary.is .Features and Services Cookies https://recurly.com/legal/privacy/cookiepolicy https://canary.is/legal/cookie-policy/ https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy https://canary.is/legal/cookie-policy/ https://canary.is/legal/cookie-policy/ https://www.sanity.io/legal/privacy Analytics Cookies (Measurement Cookies) Advertising Cookies (Marketing Cookies) Facebook Opt-out 1-14 months (Depending on type) https://unbounce.com/privacy/ https://www.simondata.com/privacy https://help.nextdoor.com/s/article/Privacy-Policy https://help.nextdoor.com/s/article/Privacy-Policy https://www.applovin.com/privacy/ https://www.applovin.com/privacy/ https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/ https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269 https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269 https://www.hyprmx.com/privacy-policy https://www.hyprmx.com/privacy-policy https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/ https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/ https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/ https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/ https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/ Product Company Support Get news and updates Enter your email Canary © 2014-2022 Canary Connect, Inc.Designed in NYC We use cookies and collect and share information to provide visitors with a better experience and to improve our services and ad relevancy.Learn more in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy . AcceptCanary Privacy Policy Last Updated: April 20, 2023 Our Privacy Policy Our mission at Canary is to build products that empower people to live fearless lives and make decisions about their safety and security. We believe that providing transparency around the data and personal information you entrust to us is critical to completing that mission. Your privacy and trust are our utmost concern. At Canary, we provide (i) our website located at https://canary.is and related domains (collectively, the "Sites"), (ii) software that you may download to a mobile device ("Mobile Apps"), (iii) services accessible through our Sites and the Mobile Apps ("Canary Services") and (iv) home security devices, accessories and other hardware ("Equipment"). We refer to our Sites, Mobile Apps, Canary Services and Equipment collectively as our "Products." This privacy policy (" Policy ") describes how we collect and use personal and other information through our Products and it describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information, how we share your information, and how you can access and update your information. If you are a resident of the US or Canada, Canary Connect, Inc. provides this Policy. If you are located outside the US and Canada, Canary Technology Europe, Limited is the controller of your User Information (defined below) and processes the personal information in Video Feeds (defined below) on your behalf as your processor. In this Policy, references to " Canary ", " us ," " we " and " our " mean either Canary Connect, Inc. or Canary Technology Europe Limited, as appropriate. By visiting the Site or using our Products, you understand that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Information Canary Collects We collect and receive information in several different ways, such as when you visit our Site or use our other Products. In many cases, you choose what information to provide, although some information is required for us to provide you with our Products or you may tell us to get personal information from a third party source. Besides collecting information from you, we also collect information from the following categories of sources: payment processing, credit evaluation and fraud detection services; and marketing and analytics partners. There are two broad categories of personal information that we collect and process: (i) information which you choose to give us or which we require for, or collect or infer from, your registration and use of our Products (" User Information ") and (ii) audio and video footage and images captured by our Products (" Video Feeds "). As highlighted above, we control User Information but only process Video Feeds on your behalf. User Information Information you provide during device setup, such as your name, email address, phone number, the location of each piece of Equipment, and the number of people in your home.Information necessary to complete a purchase from our Site, including your name, billing and shipping address, payment information, and other information necessary to complete your transaction, as well as any other information that you choose to provide to us when making a purchase.If you are invited to create an account by another user of a Product, we will collect your name and email address from the Canary user that invited you. Your phone number and other account details will be obtained directly from you during the setup process, provided that you accept the invitation. Unique identifiers such as your user name and password.Identifying Product information, such as model and serial number, network information (including IP address), device activity logs, and historic and current Product configuration.Information about your mobile device such as your mobile device ID (which is similar to a website IP address), device type, operating system, and mobile service carrier, as well as your location if you activate automatic mode switching (e.g., among Away, Home, and Privacy modes). Analytics data, including how you interact with our Products, which may be associated with cookies. Video Feeds Our Products collect audio and video data and we store it on our servers to ensure you can access it and playback footage.Certain of our Products also collect environmental data, such as air quality, humidity, temperature, and ambient light.How Canary Uses Your Information We collect the information identified above and use it for the following purposes: Provide you with services and improve the Canary Product functionality and user experience.To fulfill orders and process payments for the sale of our Products.Administer your account and back-up your data.Record log entries for your information and troubleshoot issues with Products.Send you notifications through the Mobile App and via email.Send you marketing communications, where permitted by applicable law.Conduct research and analysis to better understand how users access and use our Products, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Products, to create new features, provide you new offerings and respond to user preferences. Where purchasing our Products includes an extension of credit, to determine your creditworthiness.Investigate, prevent, and respond to suspected fraud, illegality and potential threats to personal safety, and protect your data.Respond to your questions and concerns and provide customer support.For any other purpose for which we have obtained your express consent. Our legal bases If you are located outside the US and Canada, we rely on a number of bases to lawfully collect, use, share, and otherwise process your User Information for the purposes described in this Policy, including where: necessary to perform a contract we have with you, such as providing our Products in accordance with the legal terms available at canary.is/legal ;you have consented to certain processing, which you may revoke at any time;required for Canary to comply with a court order or another legal obligation, or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;you have made the information manifestly public;necessary to protect your vital interests or those of others; and necessary for the purposes of our, your, or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of other users or our commercial partners. Our legitimate interests We process your User Information as necessary in furtherance of your, our and our community’s legitimate interests in the following: Keeping the Products safe and secure: We use your personal information to try and keep our Products safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue legitimate interests in ensuring Canary is secure, and to protect against fraud, illegality, spam, misuse and abuse.Providing the Products: We use your personal information to provide the Products, including any personalized Products. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in providing an innovative and tailored offering to our users on a sustained basis. Research and Improving the Products: We work hard to develop, enhance and improve our Products. We may process your personal information in order to further our legitimate interests of learning how we can improve your experience on our Products, and contributing to research.Marketing the Products. We process your information in accordance with our legitimate interests of marketing the Products to you and others. Choices You Have to Limit Information Collection Location Services Some features of our Mobile App use precise location-based data. If you allow these features, we will locate you using the Wi-Fi routers and the cell IDs of the towers closest to you. We use this information to facilitate the Equipment's automatic mode switching, for customer support, and to provide you with local emergency services contact information. We also may use this information when you use the Safety Button feature of our Mobile App, to provide first responders with your location. You may disable location services within your phone’s settings menu. Video & Audio You may configure your Canary Product from within the Mobile App to capture video and audio within the camera’s range and provide you with notifications. You can set your Canary Product to different modes from within the mobile app menu. Each mode determines when Canary records audio and video and when you receive notifications and can be customized depending on your settings. You should inform guests of any recording if the camera is on while others are in your home. You may enable privacy mode or disable recording from within the Mobile App menu to prevent the recording of video and audio through the Equipment. In privacy mode, the watch live video feature and event notifications are disabled and the camera and microphone are turned off. Your Equipment will continue to monitor environmental activity in privacy mode so we may provide you with aggregated Home Health information. LED lights on the bottom of the Product will be turned off to indicate the Equipment is in privacy mode. How Canary Shares Your Information We will share certain categories of your information with third parties only in certain circumstances as described below: Personal Information.Personal information is any information that could be used to directly or indirectly identify you, like your name, email address and image captured by our Products. Both User Information and Video Feeds contain personal information. We only share this information under limited circumstances. Primarily, we share this information with third parties to provide you necessary services or to operate our Products for you. For example, this information is shared on a limited basis to assist in managing the computers that store your Video Feeds and User Information, and to third parties that assist us in providing you with customer support. We authorize these third parties to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Specifically, we may share this information as follows: Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates and subsidiaries that provide services or process data on our behalf, or for data centralization and / or logistics purposes. If we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Policy. Service Providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf (e.g., vendors that help us deliver Products to you, maintain our Site, or analyze Products usage). Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, or if we transfer substantially all of our assets to another company, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, or another mandatory legal process such as in response to a court order (e.g., a search warrant). To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of this Policy or our legal terms available at https://canary.is/legal/. With Your Consent. We may disclose personal information to third parties where you consent to our sharing that information. For example, you may opt to share certain information to post it on social media accounts like Facebook or Twitter, you may link your Canary account with another app or service, or you may opt into providing information to Canary’s business partners to receive special offers. We will never share your personal information for these purposes without your consent, and we never share your Video Feeds for marketing purposes. Anonymized Information We may use and share your aggregated and/or de-identified information, which is anonymized and does not identify you. We may use this information in a variety of ways, including to publish trends about energy use or home security, and to generally improve our offerings. We may also share this anonymized information with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes. Information Obtained from Third Parties If you provide personal information about others, or if others provide us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Controlling Your Information You have the ability to view, change, and correct your User Information through your settings within the Canary app. You have the ability to view and delete your Video Feeds through the Canary app. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide the Products to you. We may retain your information for a longer period of time to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our Terms, or as otherwise described in this Policy. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide the Products to you, contact us at support@canary.is . We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods. Marketing, Advertising, and Analytics Cookies, Tracking and Ads We may automatically collect information about your use of our Products through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Information we collect this way includes your: Internet access device type (e.g., mobile vs.desktop); browser type and operating system; web pages you visit on our Sites and other sites where we promote our Products; links you click on our Sites; your IP address; the length of time you visit our Site and or use our Products; and the webpage that led you to our Site. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For details, including how to enable Do Not Track, visit www.eff.org/issues/do-not-track. Canary does not presently support Do Not Track. You can opt out of the use data collected across websites for interest-based advertising purposes by participating U.S. ad networks by following the instructions at www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices. We may use technologies to understand how many household members access your Canary Product(s) and what features they use within the app. We use this information to understand and optimize how our Products are used, and to provide content and features that may be of interest to you. Please refer to our Cookie & Ad Policy for more information about your choices around cookies and related technologies and third party advertising. Email & SMS Communications You may choose to submit your email address through a form located on our Site to sign up for marketing communications from Canary. You may also provide your mobile phone number to Canary in connection with account registration or otherwise. We may use the email address and mobile phone number associated with your account, in accordance with applicable law, to send you news about Canary, such as new features or marketing promotions, account updates, promotional offers, and information regarding Membership and other premium services. We may use one or more service providers to administer these messages. Canary does not share your email address or phone number with spammers or any other non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes without your permission. You may opt out of receiving newsletters or marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions or by contacting us at support@canary.is. Security of Your Information The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information transmitted to us, both during transmission and upon receipt. No method of transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about the security of our Products, contact us at support@canary.is. Other Rights & Important Notices Children Our Products are intended for adults and we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us personal information, you can write to us or email us at the addresses provided at the end of this privacy policy. International Users Our business operations and the technical infrastructure that processes collected data to deliver our Products to you are hosted in the United States. If you are accessing or using Products in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, then please note that your personal information will be transferred to the United States in order to provide the Products. Additional Information for users outside the US and Canada If you are using our Products from the European Union, United Kingdom or Switzerland, we will only transfer your personal information to the United States through the use of appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commissionsu. To request a copy of the clauses, please contact legal@canary.is. We will only use your personal data, as that term is defined under the General Data Protection Regulation and comparable laws (“GDPR”), when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where you have consented to a certain use of your personal data.Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. To the extent permitted under applicable laws, we will also process, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary.You have certain rights with respect to your information, such as: (i) data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data you provided to Canary, via your settings); (ii) data correction (including the ability to update your personal information, in most cases via settings or where not possible through the settings, by contacting us); (iii) data deletion (including the right to ask Canary to delete your personal information, except information we are required or permitted to retain, by contacting us); and (iv) withdrawal of consent or objection to processing which is based on legitimate interests (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask Canary to stop processing your personal data, with some exceptions, by contacting us). You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local EU supervisory authority or Canary’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission Your California Privacy Rights California residents have the additional privacy rights described below. In this section of our privacy policy, we use the terms “personal information” and “sale” as they are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and the California Privacy Rights Act 2023, which we refer to collectively as the “CCPA”. Disclosures Regarding Your Personal Information We collect the categories of personal information from or about you as disclosed above under the caption “Information Canary Collects.” To learn about the business or commercial purposes for which we use this information, see above under the caption “How Canary Uses Your Information.” To learn about the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information for a business purpose, see above under the caption, “How Canary Shares Your Information.” California Privacy Rights Right to Know: You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months: the categories of personal information we have collected; the categories of sources from which we collected personal information; our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information, and the categories of personal information we shared with each of them ;whether we’ve sold your personal information to third parties, and if so, the categories of personal information we’ve sold to each category of third party. Access: You can request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected about you subject to exceptions. For example, we may retain personal information to comply with laws, to identify errors, to maintain security, to provide you our Products, or to complete a transaction or other action you have requested.Do Not Sell: You have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal information as that term is broadly defined under the CCPA. See below under the heading “Personal Information Sales Opt-Out” for details. Right to Non-Discrimination: we will not discriminate against you for exercising your California privacy rights.Right to Correction: You have the right to ask us to correct any personal information we hold about you that is not accurate. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out: While we do not exchange your personal information for money, we may disclose information about you that may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. Importantly, none of these activities involve your Video Feeds. For the purposes of the CCPA, over the last 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: Personal identifiers such IP addresses and cookie identifiers, and if you choose provide it to us, name, mailing address and emailAnalytics data about your interactions with our Products We sell your personal information to the following categories of third parties: Marketing partners For example, we may disclose information to partners that provide advertising services in order to provide you with advertising tailored to your interests. This information may include identifiers such as your IP address, advertising identifiers, and your activity such as your interaction with our Sites and advertisements. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by using any of the contact methods specified below, and once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your personal information for at least 12 months.Exercising Your Rights California residents may exercise their rights described above by: Submitting a Do Not Sell web form request here Calling and leaving us a message at: 1-888-358-0286 orEmailing us at: privacy_support@canary.is We may need to verify your identity and state of residence before we can fulfill your request. You may also authorize an agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your authorized agent with written permission to exercise your rights, and we will request a copy of this written permission from your authorized agent when they make a request on your behalf, and will verify the authorized agent’s identity. We will respond to any valid request within 45 days of receipt, or 90 days if we notify you that we need more time. We will not charge you a fee for making a request unless your request is excessive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request. Additional U.S. consumer privacy laws The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act and comparable laws in other U.S. states (“Consumer Privacy Laws”) provide consumers of those states with specific rights regarding their personal information. To the extent that you are a resident of a state with an applicable Consumer Privacy Law, this section describes your rights under the Consumer Privacy Laws and explains how you may exercise these rights. The categories of personal information we process, our purposes for processing your personal information, the categories of personal information that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with whom we share it are set forth in the terms of our Policy above. Rights to Your Information In addition to the rights set forth in our Policy, the Consumer Privacy Laws provide you with the following rights: Right to know. You have the right to know whether we process your personal information and to access such personal information. Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another business without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means. You may request such personal information up to twice annually, subject to certain exceptions. Right to delete. You have the right to delete personal information that you have provided by or that we have obtained about you. Please note that we may deny such request if the requested deletion falls under an exception as set forth in the Consumer Privacy Laws. Additionally, if you request deletion of your personal information and we have obtained such information from a third-party source, we may retain such data by keeping a record of the deletion request and the minimum data necessary to ensure that your personal information remains deleted from our records and that such retained data is not used for any other purpose, or we may opt you out of the processing of such personal information for any purpose except for those allowed under the Consumer Privacy Laws. Right to opt out. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of: (i) targeted advertising; (ii) the sale of personal information; or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As of the latest date of the Privacy Policy: We do process personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising;We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration; and We do not engage in profiling decision based on your personal information that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. If you wish to opt out of the processing of your personal information for any of the above purposes, Submitting a Do Not Sell web form request here Calling and leaving us a message at: 1-888-358-0286 orEmailing us at: privacy_support@canary.is Right to correct. You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes for which we process it. Right to nondiscrimination. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights.Unless permitted by Consumer Privacy Laws, we will not: Deny you goods or services;Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. How to Exercise Your Rights; Verifying Your Identity To exercise any of your Consumer Privacy Law rights, or if you have any questions about your privacy rights, you may contact us by: Calling and leaving us a message at: 1-888-358-0286 orEmailing us at: privacy_support@canary.is After submitting a request, we will take steps to verify your identity in order for us to properly respond and/or confirm that your request is not fraudulent. We may contact you for additional information as reasonably necessary to authenticate your request, but if we are ultimately unable to authenticate your request using reasonably commercial efforts, then we may not be able to comply with it. Only you may make a verifiable request related to your personal information. If you are making a request as the parent or legal guardian of a known child regarding the processing of that child’s personal information, we may ask you to submit reliable proof of your identity. Response Time; Your Right to Appeal We will make every effort to respond to your request within 45 days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, Consumer Privacy Laws allow us up to 90 days to respond. We will contact you within 45 days from when you contacted us to inform you of the need for additional time and the reason for such extension. We may charge you a reasonable fee to cover administrative costs if your requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive. If we decline to take action on a request that you have submitted, we will inform you of our reasons for doing so, and provide instructions for how to appeal the decision. You may have the right to appeal within a reasonable period of time after you have received our decision under applicable Consumer Privacy Laws. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If we deny your appeal, we will provide you with a method for contacting a regulator to submit a complaint if you have such rights under applicable Consumer Privacy Law. California’s “Shine the Light” Law / Your California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code § 1798.83, if you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you have the right to ask us once a year if we have shared your personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at privacy_support@canary.is and specify you are making a Shine the Light request. Your Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. We do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. You can exercise your opt-out right as to any potential future sales by emailing privacy_support@canary.is with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name. Notification of Privacy Policy Changes We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices or changes to our Products. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account), through a push-notification, or by means of a notice in the app prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. Contact Us To exercise your privacy rights, contact privacy_support@canary.is. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at legal@canary.is or by mail to: If you reside in the US or Canada: Canary Connect, Inc. Attn: Privacy Inquiries 26 Broadway, 22nd Floor New York, NY, 10004 If you do not reside in the US or Canada: Canary Technology Europe, Limited Attn: Privacy Inquiries 28-32 Pembroke Street Upper, Dublin 2,D02 EK84, Ireland Product Company Support Get news and updates Enter your email Canary © 2014-2022 Canary Connect, Inc.Designed in NYC We use cookies and collect and share information to provide visitors with a better experience and to improve our services and ad relevancy.Learn more in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy . AcceptYour Privacy Our Privacy Policy explains how we treat your personal information and how we protect your privacy and safeguard the privacy of others when you use the Products. By using the Products, you acknowledge that we will collect, access, process, store and use your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy and any privacy settings which we may provide to you. To the extent that we process your Video Feeds (as defined in the data protection addendum (“Addendum”) attached as Schedule 1), we do so on your behalf and in compliance with these Terms and Section 5 of the Addendum. You shall comply with all your obligations described in the Addendum including those in Section 6. We respond to notices of alleged intellectual property rights infringement and may terminate the accounts of infringers. Eligibility to Use our Products By using the Products, you acknowledge and agree that you are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in the location from where you access and use the Products. If you are under 18 but are at least 16 years old you agree that you are using the Products with the consent of your legal guardian. If you are not at least 16 years old, you may not use the Products at any time or in any manner or submit any information to Canary or the Products. You may only access and use the Products if you are (a) able to enter into a binding contract with Canary, and (b) in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, regulations and rules. Using our Products Canary provides content through the Products that is copyrighted and/or trademarked work of Canary or Canary’s third-party licensors (collectively, the “Materials”). Materials may include logos, graphics, video, images, text, software, and other content. Subject to these Terms, Canary grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use and to display the Materials, and to access and use the Products solely for your personal use. You shall not directly or indirectly do any of the following: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any of the hardware or software that constitutes the Services; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute, or otherwise transfer the Products to any third-party or use the Services on a time sharing basis or to provide any security or other services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the software used to provide the Products; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services; (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Products; (vi) attempt to access, monitor, or use Products of other customers; (vii) use the Products in connection with accessing or monitoring any non-Canary equipment; (viii) access the Products in order to build a similar or competitive product; (ix) upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or software intended to damage or alter a computer or communication network, computer, handheld mobile device, data, the Services, the Product, or any other property; (x) interfere with, disrupt, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the servers or networks connected to the Products; or (xii) violate any applicable law or regulation. Requirements to Use our Products You are responsible for having all required software, hardware, and other system elements and making sure that they are compatible and properly configured. You acknowledge that (a) Canary cannot provide the Products properly if requirements and compatibility are not met, and (b) you will not receive notifications from your Equipment when the Product’s internet connection or power is lost, not operating properly, cut, or interfered with, or the Product is damaged or destroyed. You must have a working broadband internet connection and either a wired ethernet connection (for certain Products) or a Wi-Fi router (802.11 b/g/n), a supported mobile device (to use the Mobile Application), and other hardware, software, equipment or items specified by Canary from time to time. We recommend a high-speed internet connection with at least 1 Mbps of upload bandwidth. Canary reserves the right to change any of the minimum system requirements at any time. Registration and User Accounts To create an account you must submit your information through the registration page as prompted on the Mobile Application or our Sites, including your name, email address, phone number, zip code/post code, and address. You may provide additional optional information during setup which is not required to register for an account but may be necessary to provide you with full access to our Products, to provide you with a trial of premium or Membership services, or might be helpful to Canary in providing you with a more customized experience.This information could include, for example, payment information, which would be processed in accordance with Canary’s Sales Terms and Premium Services . As part of the registration process, you will create a password that will allow you to log in to the Products. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for all activities that occur on your account. You agree not to share your password, let others access or use your password, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your password. All the information that you provide when registering for an account and otherwise through the Site must be accurate, complete, and up to date. You may change, correct, or remove any information from your account by either logging into your account directly and making the desired changes or contacting Canary’s support team. Location Owners & Location Members The individual who first creates an account and sets up the Product is the owner of the Canary Product associated with that account and the primary account holder (“Location Owner”). Individuals who are authorized to access a Location Owner’s Products and Services are authorized users (“Location Members”) under the Location Owner’s account and are invited through the Mobile Application. Location Members may have the ability to use the Products and monitor and control the Products (for example, a Location Member can arm or disarm the Product or sound the Siren). Location Members may also have the ability to view information (including personal information) and content across all of Location Owner’s Products (for example, a Location Member will receive notifications of events or can view video). Location Members are responsible for their own actions in connection with the Products and Services, but the Location Owner also agrees to be fully responsible for all actions taken by a Location Member relating to the Products and Products. Once invited by a Location Owner, Location Members can also invite other individuals to join the account as new location members. If you are a Location Owner, you should therefore authorize only those individuals that you trust to access your account and the Services. Location Owners have special privileges associated with their account and are the only individuals that can authorize specific actions or settings. For example, Location Owners are solely authorized to request location level data be deleted, to transfer ownership of the Product, or to subscribe to paid features, such as Canary’s subscription plans. Please note that for security reasons, Canary will not determine or change ownership of Equipment for any reason without the express written consent of the individual designated as the “Location Owner” at Equipment setup. If you transfer your Equipment to a new owner, your right to use the Products with respect to that Equipment will automatically terminate. The new owner cannot use the Products under your account and will need to register for a separate account with Canary. Security of Your Information Canary cares about the integrity and security of its users’ personal information. Canary uses industry best practices when it comes to security. Canary has also conducted third-party security audits with respect to the Services. Despite taking these steps, Canary cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat Canary’s security measures. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information and your use of the Services is at your own risk. Integration With Third-Party Platforms and Services Canary may allow you to integrate Canary Products with one or more third-party products or services. For example, Canary currently integrates with the Wink Smart home platform, which allows you to change modes on your Equipment directly from the Wink mobile application. You decide whether and with which Third-Party Products or Services you want to interface. Your explicit consent and authorization is required for this interface, and is revocable by you at any time. Once your consent is given for a particular Third-Party Product and Service, you agree that Canary may exchange information and data regarding you and your Products, including your account information in order to enable the interface you have authorized to work together with Canary Products. Once this information is shared with the particular Third-Party Product and Service, its use will be governed by the third party's privacy policy and terms of service. Electronic Communications By using the Services, you consent to receiving service related electronic communications from Canary, which may include notices about applicable fees, transactional information, and other information related to the Services. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send you electronically will satisfy any legal requirements, including that such communications be in writing.Termination and Suspension of Services These Terms continue in effect while you access and use the Services. At any time, Canary may (i) suspend or terminate your rights to access or use the Services (which include, for avoidance of doubt, any Premium Services), or (ii) terminate these Terms if Canary in good faith believes that you have used the Services in violation of these Terms, including any incorporated guidelines or terms. Upon termination of this Agreement, your right to use the Services will automatically terminate. The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability, governing law & jurisdiction and general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms. Canary may temporarily suspend the Services without notice for security reasons, system failure, maintenance and repair, or other circumstances. Canary does not offer any specific uptime guarantee for the Services. Any termination or suspension of any Services (including Premium Services) will not result in any credit or refund of any kind. Mobile Applications Canary does not warrant that the Mobile Application will be compatible with your mobile device. Other applications may interact with the Mobile Application in unpredictable ways, and Canary does not warrant against malfunctions or errors caused by such interactions. Canary grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use any object code copy of the Mobile Application for one registered account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you for your personal use in connection with the Services. Canary and its third-party licensors or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Mobile Application. Standard carrier data charges may apply to your use of the Mobile Application. The following additional terms and conditions apply with respect to the Mobile Applications: You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Canary only, and not with Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) or Google, Inc. (“Google”).Your use of Canary’s Mobile Application must comply with Apple’s then-current App Store Terms of Service and Google’s then-current Google Play Terms of Service.Canary is solely responsible for our Mobile Applications and the Services. You acknowledge that Apple and Google have no obligation to provide maintenance and support services with respect to our Mobile Applications. You agree that Canary is solely responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Mobile Applications, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Mobile Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation, and that all such claims are governed solely by these Terms and any applicable laws.You agree to comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the Mobile Applications. The parties agree that Apple and Google are third-party beneficiaries to these Terms as they relate to your license of Canary’s Mobile Applications. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPhone, are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple, Inc. Android is a trademark of Google, Inc. Unsupported Countries Although the Services are accessible worldwide, Canary’s Services are not available to all persons or in all countries, including persons and countries prohibited by US law. If you are accessing or using the Services from an unsupported country, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws. Our Intellectual Property Rights Canary is the exclusive owner of rights and interests in and to the mark Canary, the C logo, the Canary logo, Canary Flex, and Live Life in the Know in the United States and abroad. Other trademarks, names, and logos on or available through the Services are the property of their respective owners. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all technology and intellectual property available or appearing on or through any of the Services, including the Mobile Application, information, software, documents, services, content, site design, text, graphics, logos, images, and icons, are the sole property of Canary or its licensors. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Canary. Disclaimer of Warranties and Indemnification The warranty for the Canary Product is set forth in the Canary Limited Warranty. CANARY, FOR ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS, MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR GUARANTEES IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS.UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY STATED, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PRODUCTS AND MATERIALS AND ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED OR PRESENTED IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WHERE-IS” BASIS, AND CANARY DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER STATUTORY, EXPRESS, OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. Canary does not provide any warranties against viruses, spyware, or malware that may be installed on your mobile device or computer. Canary’s equipment and Services cannot eliminate occurrences of the events they are intended to detect or avert, including fires, floods and burglaries. Other than as expressly set forth in the Canary Limited Warranty, Canary makes no guarantee or warranty that the Canary product or Services will detect or avert such incidents. You release, waive, discharge, and promise not to sue or bring any claim of any type against Canary for loss, damage, or injury relating in any way to the Product or Services. Canary and its licensors and suppliers make no warranty that defects will be corrected or that the Services (i) will meet your needs or requirements; (ii) will be compatible with your home network, computer, or mobile device; (iii) will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (iv) will be accurate or reliable; or (v) will give notifications at any given time or at all. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Canary or through the Services shall create any warranty. uman error is always possible, and the response time of police, fire, and medical emergency personnel is outside the control of Canary. You may not receive alarm signals if communication lines or power is interrupted for any reason. MOBILE NOTIFICATIONS FROM YOUR CANARY PRODUCT ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. If any other person, including your subrogating insurer, makes any claim or files a lawsuit against Canary in any way relating to the Products or Services, you shall indemnify, defend and hold Canary harmless from the claim or lawsuit, including the payment of all damages, expenses, costs, and attorney’s fees. Our Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL CANARY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE, OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) HOWEVER ARISING, EVEN IF CANARY KNOWS THERE IS A POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CANARY’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ANY OF THE PRODUCTS OR THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO CANARY OR CANARY’S AUTHORIZED RESELLER FOR THE PRODUCTS OR THE PRODUCT AT ISSUE IN THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS (IF ANY). Nothing in these Terms (including anything specified in this "Our Limitation of Liability" provision) shall attempt to exclude or limit liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. These limitations apply to the maximum extent permitted by law and notwithstanding any failure of the essential purpose of these Terms or any limited remedy hereunder. Time Limit to Bring Claims No suit or action may be brought against Canary more than one year after the date of the incident that resulted in the loss, injury, or damage, or the shortest duration permitted under applicable law. Disputes with Canary Please read this carefully. It affects your rights. Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly by contacting us at support@canary.is . This section relates to disputes that may arise between you and Canary. Arbitration is a form of private dispute resolution in which persons with a dispute waive their rights to file a lawsuit, to proceed in court, and to a jury trial, and instead submit their disputes to a neutral third person (or arbitrator) for a binding decision. You have the right to opt out of this provision (as explained below), which means you would retain your right to litigate your disputes in a court, either before a judge or jury. Please read this provision carefully. All Disputes between you and Canary shall be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration replaces the right to go to court. In the absence of this arbitration agreement, you may otherwise have a right or opportunity to bring claims in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate in or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including, but not limited to, class actions). Except as otherwise provided, entering into this agreement constitutes a waiver of your right to litigate claims and all opportunity to be heard by a judge or jury. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.The arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorney’s fees). For the purpose of this provision, “Canary” means Canary and its parents, subsidiary, and affiliate companies, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents. “Dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Canary regarding any aspect of your relationship with Canary, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, or negligence), or any other legal or equitable theory, and includes the validity, enforceability, or scope of this provision (with the exception of the enforceability of the Class Action Waiver clause below). “Dispute” is to be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced, and shall include any claims against other parties relating to services or products provided or billed to you (such as Canary’s licensors, suppliers, dealers, or third-party vendors) whenever you also assert claims against us in the same proceeding. WE EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, AS DEFINED ABOVE, WHETHER PRESENTLY IN EXISTENCE OR BASED ON ACTS OR OMISSIONS IN THE PAST OR IN THE FUTURE, WILL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PROVISION. Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution For all Disputes, you must first give Canary an opportunity to resolve the Dispute by mailing written notification of your dispute to Canary. That written notification must include (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) a written description of your claim, and (4) a description of the specific relief you seek. If Canary does not resolve the Dispute within 60 days after it receives your written notification, you may pursue your Dispute in arbitration. You may pursue your Dispute in a court only under the circumstances described below. Exclusions from Arbitration/Right to Opt Out Notwithstanding the above, you or Canary may choose to pursue a Dispute in court and not by arbitration if (a) the Dispute qualifies, in which case it may be initiated in small claims court; or (b) YOU OPT OUT OF THESE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE THAT YOU FIRST CONSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT (the “Opt-Out Deadline”). You may opt out of this provision by mailing written notification to Canary. Your written notification must include (1) your name, (2) your address, and (3) a clear statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with Canary through arbitration. Any opt-out request received after the Opt-Out Deadline will not be valid and you must pursue your Dispute in arbitration or small claims court. Arbitration Procedures The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), www.adr.org , or JAMS will arbitrate all Disputes, and the arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be commenced as an individual arbitration, and shall in no event be commenced as a class arbitration. All issues shall be for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope of this provision. For arbitration before the AAA for Disputes of less than $75,000, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will apply; for Disputes involving $75,000 or more, the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply. In either instance, the AAA’s Optional Rules For Emergency Measures Of Protection shall apply. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org . For arbitration before JAMS, the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures will apply. The JAMS rules are available at www.jamsadr.com . This provision governs in the event it conflicts with the applicable arbitration rules. Under no circumstances will class action procedures or rules apply to the arbitration. Because the Services and these Terms concern interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) governs the arbitrability of all Disputes. However, the arbitrator will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the applicable statute of limitations or condition precedent to suit. Arbitration Award – The arbitrator may award relief that would be available pursuant to applicable law, and will not have the power to award relief to, against or for the benefit of any person who is not a party to the proceeding. The arbitrator will make any award in writing but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. Such award will be final and binding on the parties, except for any right of appeal provided by the FAA, and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties. Location of Arbitration – You or Canary may initiate arbitration in either New York City, New York or the federal judicial district that includes your billing address.In the event that you select the federal judicial district that includes your billing address, Canary may transfer the arbitration to New York City, New York if it agrees to pay any additional fees or costs you incur as a result of the transfer, as determined by the arbitrator. Payment of Arbitration Fees and Costs – Canary will pay all arbitration filing fees and arbitrator’s costs and expenses upon your written request given prior to the commencement of the arbitration. You are responsible for all additional fees and costs that you incur in the arbitration, including, but not limited to, attorneys or expert witnesses. Fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law. In addition to any rights to recover fees and costs under applicable law, if you provide notice and negotiate in good faith with Canary as provided in the section above titled “Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution” and the arbitrator concludes that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to recover reasonable attorney’s fees and costs as determined by the arbitrator. Class Action Waiver Except as otherwise provided in this provision, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a class or representative proceeding or claims (such as a class action, consolidated action, or private attorney general action) unless both you and Canary specifically agree to do so following initiation of the arbitration. If you choose to pursue your Dispute in court by opting out of the Arbitration provision, as specified above, this Class Action Waiver will not apply to you. Neither you, nor any other user of the Site or Services can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, consolidated, or representative proceeding without having complied with the opt-out requirements above. Jury Waiver You understand and agree that by entering into this Agreement you and Canary are each waiving the right to a jury trial or a trial before a judge in a public court. In the absence of this provision, you and Canary might otherwise have had a right or opportunity to bring Disputes in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including class actions). Except as otherwise provided below, those rights are waived. Other rights that you would have if you went to court, such as the right to appeal and to certain types of discovery, may be more limited or may also be waived. Severability If any clause within this provision (other than the Class Action Waiver clause above) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that clause will be severed from this provision, and the remainder of this provision will be given full force and effect. If the Class Action Waiver clause is found to be illegal or unenforceable, this entire provision will be unenforceable and the Dispute will be decided by a court. Continuation This provision shall survive the termination of your service with Canary or its affiliates. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if Canary makes any change to this provision (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change and require Canary to adhere to the language in this provision if a dispute between us arises. Governing Law & Venue The Federal Arbitration Act, Delaware state law, and applicable U.S. federal law, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions, will govern these Terms. The United Nations on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and any laws based on the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) shall not apply to this Agreement. Except for Disputes subject to arbitration as described above, any disputes relating to these Terms or the Services will be heard in the federal or state courts located in New York County, New York. Other Terms If any of these Terms is found to be inconsistent with applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the intentions of the parties, and no other terms will be modified. Canary’s failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of such terms. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Canary with respect to the Services, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, or agreements between you and Canary. California Consumer Notice Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by post at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or Hearing Impaired at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.Changes to These Terms Our Services are constantly evolving to help us deliver exciting and useful improvements to you. Canary may make changes to, suspend, or discontinue the Services at any time. Canary is not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services. Canary may also change, update, add, or remove provisions of these Terms at any time by posting the updated Terms on Canary’s website, by providing notice through the Services, or by emailing you of any changes. By using the Services after Canary has updated the Terms, you are agreeing to all the updated Terms; if you do not agree with any of the updated Terms, you must immediately stop using the Services. These terms may not be modified or amended in any manner other than Canary posting to such modifications or amendments to a document available at https://canary.is/legal or any successor URL controlled by Canary, and any other purported modifications or amendments are void. Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, you can contact us at legal@canary.is or by mail to: If you reside in the US or Canada: Canary Connect, Inc. Attn: General Counsel 26 Broadway Fl. 22 New York, NY, 10004 If you do not reside in the US or Canada: Canary Technology Europe, Limited Attn: General Counsel Digital Depot, Roe Lane Dublin 8, Ireland Product Company Support Get news and updates Enter your email Canary © 2014-2023 Canary Connect, Inc.Designed in NYC