Maui Wildfires Pennsylvania Explosion Medical Debt Hunter Biden Probe CBS News Live Managing Your Money Newsletters News US World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch CBS Village Technology Science Crime Sports Essentials Governor: Crews searching for Maui fire victims could find another "10 to 20 people" a day Social Security checks face $17,400 cut without changes: study Coast Guard rescues 4 divers who went missing off the Carolinas As Maui wildfires death toll nears 100, anger grows Nestlé recalls cookie dough bars that may contain wood fragments Niger coup leaders say they'll prosecute president for "high treason" Publisher of small Kansas newspaper calls police raid "Gestapo tactic" Mexican detention center fire victims' families getting $8 million each New details emerge in lethal mushroom mystery gripping Australia Shows CBS Mornings CBS Evening News 60 Minutes CBS Saturday Morning Face the Nation Sunday Morning 48 Hours CBS Reports CBS News Mornings America Decides Prime Time with John Dickerson CBS News Weekender The Takeout The Uplift Eye On America The Dish Here Comes the Sun Person To Person Live CBS News Live CBS News Baltimore CBS News Bay Area CBS News Boston CBS News Chicago CBS News Colorado CBS News Detroit CBS News Los Angeles CBS News Miami CBS News Minnesota CBS News New York CBS News Philadelphia CBS News Pittsburgh CBS News Sacramento CBS News Texas CBS Sports HQ Mixible Local Atlanta Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Seattle Tampa Texas More Latest Video Photos Podcasts In Depth Local A Moment With… Innovators & Disruptors Log In Newsletters Mobile RSS CBS Store Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community Davos 2023 Search Search Watch CBS News Anyone who used Facebook in the last 16 years has just days to file for settlement money. Here's how. By Aimee Picchi / MoneyWatch Facebook settlement application deadline soon Less than a month left to apply for Facebook settlement money 04:42 Anyone in the U.S. who used Facebook in the last 16 years can now collect a piece of a $725 million settlement by parent company Meta tied to privacy violations, as long as they fill out a claim within the next two weeks. The settlement stems from multiple lawsuits that were brought against Facebook by users who claimed that the company improperly shared their information with third-party sources such as advertisers and data brokers. The litigation began after Facebook was embroiled in a privacy scandal in 2018 with Cambridge Analytica, which scraped user data from the site as part of an effort to profile voters. Meta denied any liability or wrongdoing under the settlement, according to the recently created class-action website, set up to pay out money to the social network's users. However, the agreement means that U.S. residents who used Facebook between May 24, 2007, and December 22, 2022, can file a monetary claim as long as they do so before Friday, August 25 of this year. How do I claim money under the Facebook settlement? Go to the claim website to fill out your claim, or else print out the claim and mail it to this address: Facebook Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation, c/o Settlement Administrator, 1650 Arch Street, Suite 2210, Philadelphia, PA 19103. What information do I need to provide? The claim asks for basic information: Your nameYour addressYour emailYour phoneIf you lived in the U.S. between May 24, 2007, and December 22, 2022If you were a Facebook user between May 24, 2007, and December 22, 2022If you deleted your account in that period, the date range when you were a Facebook userYour Facebook user nameThe payment service you prefer, such as PayPal, Venmo or a prepaid Mastercard How long does it take to fill out the form? It should take only a few minutes. How do I find my Facebook name? You can find it on Facebook's website by going to "Account" and then clicking on "Settings and Privacy." From there, click on "Settings," where you should see "Username." On the mobile app, go to the menu and then click on your display name on top of the screen. Then select the "..." next to "Edit Profile" and your user name appears under "Your Profile Link." Can I file for more than one Facebook account? The claim administrator says that if you created but deleted one or more Facebook accounts, and then later created a new Facebook account, you can claim for the full amount of time you had an activated Facebook account during that time. However, if you had multiple accounts at the same time, you can't get a claim for those extra accounts. In other words, no double-counting, according to the claim administrator. Can I file for a deceased person? Yes, but it takes a few extra steps.First, file the claim under the name of the deceased person and fill out their details in the "Your Facebook Account" section of the claim form. Next, you'll have to provide the claim settlement administrator with a request to change the name to the beneficiary or the estate of the claimant. To do that, you'll have to provide documentation showing the reason for the name change, such as a copy of the death certificate. Send an email to the administrator through its secure portal with the explanation and the documents that demonstrate the need for the change. The secure portal will allow you to send an email to administrative@angeiongroup.com . Use the subject line: "Name Change – Facebook User Privacy Settlement" and include the claim ID from the claim confirmation, as well as the full name of the deceased person. The site will also ask you to register with your email and password. You can also mail the documentation to: Facebook User Privacy SettlementAttn: Name Change1650 Arch Street, Suite 2210Philadelphia, PA 19103 Is the Facebook settlement legit? Yes, according to Meta. "We pursued a settlement as it's in the best interest of our community and shareholders," a Meta spokesperson told CBS MoneyWatch. "We are notifying people through their Facebook notifications about this settlement so they can decide whether to participate." How much money will I get? That's unclear, because the settlement amount per user will depend on how many people fill out a claim, according to the settlement website. However, the lawyers involved in the case are likely to take a portion of the settlement as part of their fees. The claim website notes that they could be awarded up to 25% of the settlement — or $181.3 million. If they receive that much, the settlement will be reduced to $543.7 million for the Facebook users who ask for part of the claim. Each claimant will get one point for each month when they had an "activated" Facebook account between May 24, 2007, and December 22, 2022. The settlement administrator will add up all the points assigned to all claimants and then divide the net settlement amount by that number. Each claimant will receive that per point amount multiplied by the number of points they were assigned, meaning that people who have been on Facebook for shorter periods of time would likely get a lower settlement amount. When will I get the money? Not until later this year at the earliest. The claims site notes that there is a final approval hearing for the settlement on September 7, when the court will decide whether to approve the deal and award attorneys' fees and other costs. If the settlement is approved, the case could still face appeals, which would take an unknown amount of time to be resolved, the website notes. "Settlement payments will be distributed as soon as possible if the court grants final approval of the settlement and after any appeals are resolved," it notes. Can I opt out of the settlement — and if so, why should I? Yes, Facebook users were able to opt out of the settlement, but that deadline passed on July 26. One possible reason for doing so was if you wanted to keep your right to separately sue the company about the issues and allegations in the case, according to the settlement website. How do I object to the settlement? The deadline for filing an objection to the Facebook settlement has also passed, with that deadline occurring on July 26. Facebook users were able to send the court reasons why the settlement shouldn't be approved, but they couldn't ask it to order a different remedy, according to the settlement website. The court can only either approve or reject the settlement — and if the latter happens, no payments will be sent out and the lawsuit will continue. What if I don't do anything? If you neither file a claim nor opt out of the settlement, you give up your right to file a lawsuit, continue a suit or be part of any other litigation against Facebook about the legal issues involved in the case. You also won't get to collect any of the settlement money, according to the site. Are there people who are excluded from the settlement? Aside from those who opt out of the settlement, people who work for Meta, affiliated companies or subsidiaries as well as the attorneys for the plaintiff and their employees can't join the settlement. The special master, mediators and judges involved in the case can't participate either. The settlement also doesn't cover users outside the U.S. or people who weren't Facebook users at any time between May 24, 2007, and December 22, 2022. Tech Security & Privacy Most Facebook users have days to claim settlement money. Here's how. TSA expands controversial facial recognition program TikTok users file lawsuit challenging Montana ban "Godfather of AI" leaves Google to talk about potential dangers Tech fears you shouldn't worry about First published on April 19, 2023 / 10:25 AM © 2023 CBS Interactive Inc.All Rights Reserved. More from CBS News 5 costs private student loans can cover 4 reasons you need more than one savings account Should you buy your dream home in today's rate environment? 3 former Northwestern's baseball staff members filing lawsuits against university, former head coach Copyright ©2023 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by ICE Data Services . ICE Limitations . Powered and implemented by FactSet . News provided by The Associated Press. Legal Statement . facebook twitter instagram youtube CBS News App Chrome Safari Your Privacy Choices Essential These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our Services. Essential cookies cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your device to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Service will not work. Functional These Cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our services. If you do not allow these Cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Analytic & Performance These Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties. Some examples include counting visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. If you do not allow these Cookies we will not know when users have visited our properties and will not be able to monitor performance. Allow Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising of my Device Information Allow Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising of my Device Information Please make sure you click on the Save Settings button at the bottom or otherwise confirm your opt-out choice. If you are in California and have enabled the Global Privacy Control signal, we will treat this as a request to opt-out of “sales,” “sharing” and “targeted advertising” for device information. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see here . For instructions on how to stop receiving marketing emails from us, please see here . Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Last Modified: June 27th, 2023 Paramount is a leading global media and entertainment company that delivers premium content and experiences to audiences worldwide across studios, networks, streaming services, live events, merchandise and more. We know how important it is to protect your personal information. This privacy policy explains our practices — and your choices — on how we collect, use, and share your information when you interact with any of our services. These services include our streaming services, mobile and online applications or other products or services of our brands, websites, live events, content or advertisements, and customer service tools. Depending on the Paramount offering or how you interact with us, there may be additional notices about our practices and your choices. Table of Contents INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU We collect your information when you sign up for our services. We also collect information about how you use our services. We may also receive information about you from third parties. This information can identify you or your device, or can be linked to you. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE Registration information When you sign up for our services, enter or participate in our contests, giveaways or competitions, sweepstakes, and promotions, or attend one of our events, we may collect the information you provide, such as your name, email address, and phone number. For some of our services, we may collect certain demographic data, such as age and gender. Billing and payment information When you purchase a product, subscription, or event ticket from us, we may collect payment and identity verification information, including your name, email address, physical address, and payment method. Information and content you post When you post or share comments or other content when using our services, we may collect information such as your username, screen name, comments, likes, interests, status, and pictures. We may also collect audio or visual content, such as photos, videos, or recordings you choose to post when using our services, or when granting us access to your camera or microphone while using interactive features of our services. Market research When we conduct or sponsor market research activities — such as surveys and product testing — we may collect the information you provide, such as your name, email address, and certain demographic data, such as your age, gender, race, and ethnicity. Your messages and feedback We may collect the information you provide when you contact us directly or provide feedback, comments, or suggestions on our services. Information you provide about others For some of our features, services, or offerings — like when you refer a friend or relative or invite them to attend one of our events or programs — we may collect information you provide about others, such as names, emails, and birthdays. Please make sure you have permission before you provide this information to us, or in the case of a minor, that you have the authority to do so. Information you provide when you do business with us If you are a vendor, service provider, or business partner of Paramount, we may collect information about you and the services you provide, including your or your employees’ business contact information. We may also collect other information you or your employees provide as part of your services and our agreement with you. Information you provide offline You may also provide us with information in person and offline. For example, we may record you if you visit our offices (including by security surveillance of our premises, including CCTV), or attend a live performance or a taping of one of our programs as a member of the audience. You may also provide information if you submit sweepstakes entrance forms or an application to participate in one of our programs by mail or in person. Other information We also collect information that relates to you or can be associated with you, such as passwords, personal preferences and interests, age, gender, and any other information you choose to provide. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY When using our services, including on third-party platforms, we may automatically collect or receive certain information associated with you or your devices, such as your computer, mobile device, gaming system, smart TVs, or other streaming devices. The types of information we may collect automatically include your use of our services, your preferences, and how you interact with our content. It may also include device identifiers such as IP address (including approximate location information), advertising ID, cookie ID, media access control (MAC) address, and other unique identifiers. We may automatically collect this information using device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts, and similar technologies.For more information about tracking technologies, please see “ Cookies and other tracking technologies “. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM THIRD PARTIES Information from our partners and service providers We collect information from our business partners and service providers. Our business partners can include companies such as your TV or internet service provider, mobile phone carrier, or other device provider or company who makes our services or content available to you. We also collect information about you from our service providers acting on our behalf. The information our business partners provide to us varies depending on the nature of their services and may include IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, information about your interests, demographic data, purchasing behavior, and your online activity. Information you provide through social media If you connect with us through a social media platform or navigate to a social media platform from one of our services, the social media platform will collect your information separately from us. We may also collect information you have publicly posted using your social media accounts. You should review the social media platforms’ privacy policies to understand how they are using your information and your rights in relation to such information. Information from other third-party and public sources We may collect information about you from other sources, including data licensors and aggregators, marketing companies, advertising partners, programming distributors, social media platforms, and public databases. This information may include demographic data, purchasing behavior, your interests, and your online activity. INFORMATION WE DERIVE We may derive additional information or draw inferences about you based on the information we have collected from you directly, through your device, or through third parties, such as research agencies and data companies. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION AND WHY We may process your personal information to provide you with the Paramount services you request, as part of our agreement with you, or to maintain our relationship with you. We also may process your personal information for legitimate business purposes, or where the law requires or permits us to do so. We will ask for your consent beforehand if we need it to process your personal information. PROVIDING YOU WITH ACCESS TO PARAMOUNT SERVICES We may use your personal information to give you access to Paramount’s services and perform our agreements with you. We may also process your personal information to manage our relationship with you. These activities may include the following: Creating and managing your account, subscriptions, and registrations.Authenticating your account or verifying your identity.Providing you with the services that you request, customer support, and account updates.Completing any transactions you request.Performing any of our contractual obligations. OUR LEGITIMATE BUSINESS PURPOSES We may use your personal information for the following legitimate business purposes: Providing and managing our services, and ensuring that our services function correctly.Maintaining and enhancing the safety and security of our services and preventing misuse.Communicating with you and responding to your questions.Personalizing your experience with our services.Managing contests, giveaways, competitions, sweepstakes, offers, or promotions, including verifying your eligibility and selecting winners.Performing social media activities, market research, surveys, and product testing. Running advertising and marketing campaigns for our own or third-party products and services, including by sending promotional messages and newsletters, and creating user segments to target more relevant audiences (which may involve converting your information to hashed identifiers).Managing social media interactions and user-generated content (such as posts or comments you submit on public platforms), enabling interactive features, and personalizing our services.Managing our audience relationships, shows, and events. Conducting security monitoring and access controls to our premises, including CCTV/security cameras.Operating, analyzing, and improving our services (including determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; performing data analytics, research and optimization; learning more about our audiences; and performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions).Exercising our rights and remedies and defending ourselves against legal claims.Preventing fraud and other illegal activity, claims, and other liabilities. Complying with and enforcing relevant industry standards, our terms, policies, and other rights. We take steps to ensure that we balance the interests we pursue with your interests, rights, and freedoms. For more information about how we do this, please contact us .LEGAL OBLIGATIONS AND PERMISSIONS We may use your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, including performing accounting and tax-related obligations, and responding to government and judicial requests. We also may process your personal information when the law otherwise permits. YOUR CONSENT We will ask for your consent beforehand if we need it to process your personal information. WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH AND WHY We may share the categories of personal information we obtain about you (as described above) with the categories of third parties listed in this section. We may share your personal information within the Paramount family of companies , with our service providers, and with our business partners (including providing advertising based on your interests). We may also share your information with sponsors and other partners for events, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions. We may share your personal information as part of a corporate transaction, to comply with our legal obligations, and to protect ourselves. If you ask us to do so, we will also share your personal information with others. We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy. We will tell you before we do this. PARAMOUNT FAMILY OF COMPANIES We may share your information among the Paramount family of companies for the purposes described under “ How we use your information and why ”. SERVICE PROVIDERS We may share your information with companies and individuals that provide us with certain services or who perform services on our behalf. These providers include professional advisors, business support services, customer support providers, web hosting providers, information technology providers, payment processors, event service providers, direct mail and email distribution service providers, partners supporting our contests, sweepstakes, giveaways and promotions, and analytics and market research services. These service providers are only permitted to use your personal information to help us offer our services to you and not for any other purpose. BUSINESS PARTNERS We may share your information with business partners involved in activities such as marketing, audience measurement, co-branded services or events, and digital distribution of content. These business partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies. We may also share your information with sponsors, prize partners, and others that support us in events, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways, or promotions. For example, we may share your information with the prize partners to deliver prizes. ADVERTISERS We may share your information with third parties to deliver and measure advertising based on your interests. These third parties include advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks, identity partners, platforms, and publishers. We may sometimes share segments or custom audience data with third parties for marketing and data enrichment purposes. For more information about your advertising choices, please see “ Cookies and other tracking technologies ”. LEGAL ADVISORS AND OTHERS We may share your information if we think we have to with our legal and tax advisors, insurers, law enforcement, judicial and other government bodies, and others as necessary to comply with the law, the legal process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect our rights or the property or personal safety of our users, employees, or the public. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS We may share your information with a potential purchaser and their legal and financial advisors and others, as appropriate, as part of any actual or contemplated reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets involving our brands or as part of a joint venture or other strategic partnership. OTHER THIRD PARTIES We will provide your information to other third parties when you ask us to do so, such as when you participate in an interactive service that a third party operates. YOUR CHOICES, RIGHTS, AND CONTROLS You may have certain rights and choices regarding your personal information, such as the right to ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you. These rights are not available everywhere and may be limited by local laws. For example, these rights may not be available to you if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep. To exercise any of these rights or choices, please visit our Privacy Rights Center and select the relevant form.Your privacy rights Your rights and how to exercise them Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights regarding your personal information: The right to confirm whether and how we process your personal information.The right to request access to, and a copy of, the information we hold about you, including details as to how we process your personal information.The right to object to or restrict our processing of your personal information.The right to request the erasure or deletion of your personal information.The right to correct, amend, or update your personal information.The right to request that we transfer (port) your personal information to another company or third party. The right to withdraw your consent to processing your personal information. If you have interacted with us in a commercial capacity (such as vendor, partner, client, etc.), you may also have rights available to you. For additional information about the rights that may be available to you if you live in certain US states, please see “ Additional Information: US States ”. If you would like to submit a request to exercise any of the rights that are available to you, ask a question, or contact the data protection officer, please visit the Privacy Rights Center and select the relevant form. Before responding to a request, we may need to ask for additional information and may send you an email to verify your identity and confirm that you submitted the request. We may also need additional information to verify that your authorized agent or representative has the authority to make a request on your behalf. We will respond to your request within the time period required under the law. Please note that while we will carefully assess every request we receive, your rights may differ depending on where you live and may be limited by local law. If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you may have the right to appeal our decision or contact your local data protection authority to lodge a complaint. Automated decision making We may process your personal information using automated decision-making technologies or algorithms, such as when we automatically select advertising or content that may be of interest to you. These technologies are not used to make automated decisions that have legal or similarly significant effect on you. OPT OUT OF RECEIVING MARKETING MESSAGES To stop receiving our promotional messages, follow the instructions in any marketing message you get from us. In some cases, such as if you have a registered account, you can also change your preferences in your account. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we may still send you important non-marketing messages about your account, the services you requested, or any purchases you make. When you use any of our services that send push notifications or offers to your mobile device, you can change your preferences through the settings on your mobile device and/or in the applicable mobile service. CHANGE OR UPDATE THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE GIVEN US If you have an account or subscription to one of our services, you can correct or delete your information, or update your account settings by logging into your account and following the instructions or contacting the relevant customer service team for that service. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS Paramount is a global company that may transfer your personal information to a country (including the United States) that does not provide the same level of protection for your personal information. Paramount may transfer your personal information to the Paramount family of companies , carefully selected service providers, business partners, and other third parties for the purposes described in this policy. Whenever we transfer your personal information, we look at the risks to your information and rely on safeguards like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your rights are protected. If we share personal information with a third party, we will require them to protect your personal information appropriately. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY The services covered by this privacy policy are generally not intended for use by children. Instead, our child-directed services are covered by our Children’s Privacy Policy . If channels available through our general audience services, or in areas of those services that are directed to children, we collect only a limited amount of personal information, as permitted by law. Specifically, we may collect IP addresses, device identifiers, certain unique ID numbers, and limited viewing information.We do not use (or allow our partners to use) this information, other than for the purposes of supporting our internal operations, such as to provide children with access to features and activities on the services, to customize content and improve our services, to serve contextual advertising, or limit how often a particular advertisement is seen. We do not allow interest-based advertising on portions of our services that are directed to children or where we know that the user is a child or teen under 16. RETENTION We will retain your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in this privacy policy, or any other notice provided at the time of collection unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law, taking into account applicable statutes of limitation and our records retention requirements and policies. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES We may automatically receive certain information about you and your device using browser- or device-based tracking technologies described below. These technologies allow us to ensure our services are functioning correctly, improve our services, provide and measure advertisements, and provide personalized content to you. You can manage how these tracking technologies are used by adjusting your device or browser settings and, in some countries, by selecting your preferences in a consent management solution. In some cases, you can opt out of tracking by our analytics providers by visiting their opt-out pages directly. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND PURPOSES Cookies : Cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. They may be served by the entity that operates the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by other companies (“third-party cookies”). Pixels : Pixels are small images on a web page or in an email. Pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies on your browser. Local Storage : Local storage allows data about your browser or device to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache. SDKs : SDKs (also known as “software development kits”) are blocks of code, typically provided by our partners, that may be installed in our applications. SDKs may help us understand how you interact with our applications and may collect information about the device and network you use to access our applications, such as the advertising ID associated with your device or information about how you interact with our applications. The purposes for which we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies generally fall into the following categories: Strictly Necessary: Examples include carrying out or facilitating the transmission of communications over a network, and technologies that are strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g., our website or a service on our website). Functional: Examples include helping ensure our services function correctly, remembering your settings and preferences (such as your language preferences), helping to identify and prevent security risks, or helping us understand and improve our services. Performance: Examples include collecting information about how you interact with our services and personalizing content for you. Targeting: Examples include making advertising more relevant and meaningful to you. These may also include “social cookies,” which enable you to share content with your friends on social media platforms, such as Facebook or Twitter. On our child-directed services, we do not use (or allow our partners to use) automatically-collected information, such as IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and other device identifiers, other than to support our internal operations, which include the following: Providing children with access to features and activities on those services.Customizing content and improve those services.Serve contextual advertising and limiting how often you or your child see a particular advertisement on those services. MANAGING COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES Consent management solution Depending on where you live, you can manage your preferences via our consent management solution on the relevant mobile or online application. Please note that when you use these tools, you need to renew your choices each time you clear your cookies, use a new browser or device, or visit a different Paramount service. Browser controls Although most browsers and devices accept cookies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear and decline cookies. Web browsers often store your preferences in a cookie. Blocking cookies may prevent the services from operating as expected and may also prevent storing your preferences and choices. Below are links to the cookie opt-out pages of common web browsers. If your web browser is not listed here, you should review your web browser terms to learn more about your cookie choices.Analytics provider opt-outs To opt out of certain tracking by our analytics providers, you may visit the links below: Some of our services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software that will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen’s TV Ratings. For more information about Nielsen’s digital measurement products, please review Nielsen’s privacy statement here . Interest-based advertising We, our service providers, business partners, and other third parties may use interest-based advertising. This means that we may collect information about you on our services and on third-party services to help serve advertising relevant to your interests across your devices, browsers, and on and off our services. For more information on the choices that may be available to you to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, please visit: You can also opt out of interest-based advertising with some of the third-party partners we use, such as Google ( https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated ). Please note that if you opt out of interest-based advertising, some information will still be collected for other purposes, such as research, analytics, and internal operations. You will also continue to receive contextual advertisements, but they may be less relevant to your interests. On many mobile devices, you can manage interest-based advertising through your device’s settings. These options can include resetting your device’s advertising ID or selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) in your device settings. Connected devices (such as tablets, connected TVs, set top boxes, streaming devices, and gaming consoles) may also use an advertising ID or other methods to identify you or serve you interest-based advertising. In some cases, you can disable tracking by selecting options like “limit ad tracking” or disabling options like “interest-based advertising” in your connected device’s settings. These options will vary by device and we do not control the policies or practices of third parties providing these devices. Please note that your choice to opt out is device- or browser-specific and you will need to manage your preferences for each device or browser you use. You may also need to make this choice separately on different Paramount services. For additional information on exercising your privacy rights, please see “Your choices, rights, and controls” . For additional information about the rights that may be available to you if you live in the United States, please see “ Additional Information: US States ”. PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We may update this privacy policy based on new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. We will let you know if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. When updating you about any material changes, we may email you at the last email address you provided, post a notice on our websites or applications, or by any other means permitted by applicable law. CONTACT US The Paramount company responsible for your personal information can be found here . If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or would like to contact the data protection officer, please visit the Privacy Rights Center and select the relevant form. If you prefer to send your questions or comments by postal mail, please send a letter to the following address: ParamountAttention of Paramount Privacy Team1515 BroadwayNY 10036United States ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: US STATES If you are a California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, or Virginia resident, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, as described below. Not all the rights will be available to you and we may not have to comply with your request depending on where you live. This section does not apply to personal information collected from you in the context of career opportunities, work relationship or your employment with Paramount. Please visit the Paramount Workplace Privacy Notice to understand your rights if you are a part of our workforce. Certain terms used in this section have the meaning given to them under applicable US state privacy laws. Access . You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal Information and to access your personal information. Opt-out. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, certain profiling or the sale or sharing (for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes) of your personal information. Deletion .You have the right to request that we delete personal information collected about you. Correction. You have the right to request correction of your inaccurate personal information. Automated decision making. We may use algorithms that automatically select content or advertising that may be of interest to you and that may create a “profile” about your interests. We do not use these algorithms to make decisions that may have a legal or similarly significant effect on you. Non-discrimination . We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of the rights described above. Appeal . If you have any unresolved privacy concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily after contacting us, you may have the right to appeal our decision by responding directly in your request or by opening a new request and selecting ‘General Privacy Request’ and indicating that you are appealing our response to your previous request. You or your authorized agent (when applicable) may submit a request to exercise any of the above rights by visiting our Privacy Rights Center or by calling us at (888) 841-3343. To opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, or the use of your personal information for targeted advertising, click on the ‘Your Privacy Choices’ link in the footer of the relevant websites or in the settings menu of the relevant mobile or online applications. Note that your choice to opt out is device- or browser-specific and you will need to manage your preferences for each device or browser you use. You may also need to make this choice separately on different Paramount services. If you are in California and have enabled the Global Privacy Control signal, we will honor the Global Privacy Control signal. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see here Sensitive Personal Information. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about individuals. Deidentified Information. To the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law. The following are categories of personal information that we may collect about you (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the last modified date of the privacy policy), as well as examples of the types of personal information that may be collected (or may have been collected): Identifiers Names and aliasesPhysical addressPhone numberEmail addressIP addressUnique identifiers Legally protected characteristics GenderAge Commercial information Interactions with customer serviceInformation about transactions made on our services, including purchase history Financial information Credit card numbers Inferences drawn from your personal information Information related to your preferences, attitudes, online behaviors, demographics, product and ad choices, and preferences Geolocation data Information related to your location, including your IP address Internet / electronic activity Information collected through tracking tools, such as browser cookies and web beacons. Please see “ Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ” to learn more about these tools and how to control them.Customer preferences and attributes, such as likes, interests, social media statuses and updates, pictures, and references to your online presenceInformation related to your location, including your IP addressPasswords Device attributes Audio/visual information Audio, photos, videos, or recordings you choose to post to our services or provide by granting us access to your camera or microphone while using interactive features of our services Professional information If you are a vendor, service provider, or business partner of Paramount, we may collect information about you and the services you provide, including your or your employees’ business contact information and other information you or your employees provide to us as part of the services you may provide and our agreement with you. We may use your personal information for the purposes described in “ How We Use Your Information & Why ” and for the following business purposes: Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing storage, or providing similar services.Providing advertising and marketing services.Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance.Short-term, transient use, such as non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us.Helping to ensure security and integrity.Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them.Debugging to identify and repair errors.Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.Managing our relationships with current or prospective partners, corporate customers and vendors, and other business partner personnel. During the 12-month period prior to the last modified date of the privacy policy, we may have collected personal information from the following categories of sources: Directly from you (e.g., information provided when you register with one of our services, submit payment for services, post on our services, when you correspond with us, or otherwise provide information to us offline, etc.).Cookies and other online tracking technologies, through which we automatically collect information.Business partners (e.g., analytics companies, etc.).Third parties (e.g., data brokers, marketing companies, advertising partners, social media platforms, data aggregators, public databases, etc.). Inferences from your profile or online behaviors. PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE TO THIRD PARTIES During the 12-month period prior to the last modified date of this privacy policy, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes (as described above) to the following categories of third parties: Identifiers The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Legally protected characteristics The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Commercial information The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Financial information The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party.Inferences drawn from your personal information The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Geolocation data The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Internet / electronic activity The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Audio/visual information The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); Sponsors and other partners for events, contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and promotions; Advertising partners to provide advertising based on your interests; or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. Professional information The Paramount family of companies; In connection with a corporate transaction (e.g., any purchase, sale, lease, merger, acquisition, disposal, or financing involving our brands); Our service providers (e.g., cloud services providers, technical service providers, law firms, accounting firms, etc.); Business partners (e.g., audience measurement companies, marketing companies, sweepstakes partners, other partners who are working with us on co-branded services or events, etc.); or When you ask us to provide information to a third party. In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the last modified date of the privacy policy, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government entities or others if required by law. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SHARING (FOR CROSS-CONTEXT BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING) OR SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Some information that we disclose to third parties may constitute the “sale” of your personal information or “sharing” of your personal information (for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes) under applicable laws. For instance, some of our brands disclose certain device identifiers and advertising identifiers associated with your mobile or internet-connected device to advertising partners. Those partners use and share those identifiers to show advertisements that are targeted to your interests. Where a brand does this or otherwise “sells” your personal information, we will give you the opportunity to opt out by clicking the ‘Your Privacy Choices’ link on the footer of the relevant website, or in the settings menu of the relevant mobile or online application, or other service. If you submit an opt-out request, you will still see ads on our services, though they might be less relevant to you. These ads may be based on historical information or information “shared” or “sold” by other sources.Please note that, when you use these tools on our services, you may need to renew your choices each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. You may also need to make this choice separately for some of our services. You also can update your browser settings to make certain choices about third-party cookies. The following types of personal information may be “shared” with or “sold” to (and may have been “shared” with or “sold” to in the 12-month period prior to the last modified date of the privacy policy) advertising partners, analytics providers, and marketing partners: Identifiers: Names and aliases; email address; IP address; unique identifier. Commercial information: Information about transactions or content choices made on or in connection with our services. Inferences drawn from your personal information: Information related to your preferences, attitudes, online behaviors, demographics, and product and ad choices, and preferences. Geolocation data: Information related to your location, including your IP address. Internet / electronic activity: Information collected through cookies and web beacons; device attributes; customer preferences and attributes, such as likes, interests, social media statuses and updates, pictures, and references to your online presence. We do not have actual knowledge that we “sell” or “share” personal information of individuals under the age of 16. Do Not Track . Our websites and apps are not designed to respond to “do not track” requests from browsers. “Shine the Light” and “Eraser” Laws . Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to whom we have disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of a service where this policy is posted, you may request removal of content or information you have publicly posted. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete removal from the internet of the content or information you posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal. For all requests under the “Shine the Light” or “Eraser” Law, please visit our Privacy Rights Center and complete the form relevant to your relationship with Paramount and select ‘California’ as your state. We will only accept requests to exercise these rights through this mechanism. CCPA metrics : Can be viewed here . PARAMOUNT CONTROLLER LIST The Paramount controllers listed below are the companies that make decisions about how and why Paramount uses your personal information. ARGENTINA MTV Networks Argentina S.R.L.Paramount Latin America SRLTelevisión Federal S.A. AUSTRALIA CBS International Television Australia Pty LimitedElevenCo Pty LimitedLinbaba's Story Pty LtdNetwork Ten (Adelaide) Pty LimitedNetwork Ten (Brisbane) Pty LimitedNetwork Ten (Melbourne) Pty LimitedNetwork Ten (Perth) Pty LimitedNetwork Ten (Sydney) Pty LimitedNetwork Ten All Access Pty Ltd.Network Ten Pty LimitedParamount Home Entertainment (Australasia) Pty LimitedParamount Pictures Australia Pty. Rosy Haze Productions Pty LimitedSimon & Schuster (Australia) Pty. LimitedSpringy Productions Pty. LimitedVIMN Australia Pty Limited BRAZIL ViacomCBS Digital DTC International LLCParamount Pictures Brasil Distribuidora de Filmes LtdaPorta dos Fundos Produtora e Distribuidora Audiovisual S.A.Viacom Networks Brasil Programacao Televisiva E Publicidade Ltda. CANADA 14 Hours Productions Inc.591804 B.C. Ltd. (holding company for CMT Canada)A G Films Canada Inc.Beverly Productions Canada Inc.Cania Productions Inc.CBS Canada Co.CBS Canadian Film and Television Inc.CBS Stages Canada Co.CN Pilot Productions Inc.First Cut Productions Inc.GFB Productions Inc.Granville Canadian Productions Inc.Gravity Productions Inc.LS Productions Inc.Mayday Productions Inc. N.V. Broadcasting (Canada) Inc.Paramount Entertainment Canada ULCParamount Pictures Corporation (Canada) Inc.Sagia Productions Inc.Salvation Productions Inc.SF Films Inc.SKG Studios Canada Inc.Streak Productions Inc.TB Productions Inc.Timeline Films Inc.Typeface Canada Newco ULCUltra Productions Inc.VBC Pilot Productions Inc.Viacom Domains LimitedVIMN CP Services, ULC Viper Productions Inc.YP Productions Inc. CHILE Red de Televisión Chilevisión S.A. CHINA Paramount Movie and TV Program Planning (Beijing) Co., Ltd.Viacom Asia (Beijing) Advertising and Media Co. Ltd. COLOMBIA ViacomCBS Digital DTC International LLCMTV Networks Colombia S.A.S.TIS Productions Colombia S.A.S., identified with NIT No. 860063869-3, address AK.50 # 17-77, Bogotá D.C., telephone 601 417 4200 CZECH REPUBLIC ViacomCBS Networks International Czech s.r.o, Perlová 371/5, Prague 1, Prague, 110 00 DENMARK VIMN Nordic AB (Danish branch), 26-28 Flaesketorvet, Copenhagen V FINLAND VIMN Nordic AB (Finnish branch), c/o Spaces Postitalo Mannerheiminaukio 1A, Helsinki 00100 FRANCE Game One SAS, 22 rue Jaques Dulud, 92200 Neuilly-sur-SeineMTV Networks SARL, 22 rue Jaques Dulud, 92200 Neuilly-sur-SeineParamount Home Entertainment (France) S.A.S., 20 rue Jaques Ibert, 92300 Levallois-PerretParamount Pictures France SARL, 20 rue Jaques Ibert, 92300 Levallois-PerretWorldvision Enterprises (France) SARL, 20 rue Jaques Ibert, 92300 Levallois-Perret GERMANY CBS International GmbH, Betastraße 10C, 85774, UnterföhringParamount Home Entertainment (Germany) GmbH, Betastraße 10C, 85774, UnterföhringParamount Pictures Germany GmbH, Betastraße 10C, 85774, UnterföhringPluto TV Europe GmbH, Boxhagener Straße 80, 10245, BerlinVIMN Germany GmbH, Boxhagener Straße 80, 10245, BerlinVIVA Media GmbH, Boxhagener Straße 80, 10245, Berlin HONG KONG MTV Hong Kong Limited INDIA Nickelodeon India Pvt LtdSimon & Schuster Publishers India Private Limited IRELAND Paramount Pictures Services UK (Irish Branch), 2nd floor, Morrison chambers, 32 Nassau street, Dublin 2Paramount Pictures UK (Irish Branch), 2nd floor, Morrison chambers, 32 Nassau street, Dublin 2 ISRAEL Ananey Communication Ltd. ITALY CBS International Television Italia S.r.l., Via Vittorio Veneto, 54/B, 00187, RomaParamount Home Entertainment (Italy) SRL, Via Matteo Bandello 5, 20123, MilanViacom International Media Networks Italia S.r.l., Corso Europa 5, 20122, Milan JAPAN CBS International Television Japan GKParamount Japan G.K.Viacom Networks Japan K.K. MAURITIUS MTV Asia Ventures (India) Pte. Limited MEXICO ViacomCBS Digital DTC International LLC Estudios TeleMéxico S. de R.L. de C.V.MTV Networks de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.Paramount Home Entertainment (Mexico) S. de R.L. de C.V.Paramount Home Entertainment (Mexico) Services S. de R.L. de C.V. NETHERLANDS CBS International (Netherlands) B.V., Gerrit van der Veenstraat 11, 1077 DM AmsterdamInvisions Holding B.V., Gerrit van der Veenstraat 11, 1077 DM AmsterdamParamount International (Netherlands) B.V., Gerrit van der Veenstraat 11, 1077 DM AmsterdamVIMN Netherlands B.V., Gerrit van der Veenstraat 11, 1077 DM AmsterdamVIMN Polska B.V., Gerrit van der Veenstraat 11, 1077 DM Amsterdam NEW ZEALAND MTV NZ LimitedParamount Pictures NZViacom Limited NIGERIA Viacom International Media Networks Nigeria Limited NORWAY VIMN Nordic AB (Norwegian Branch), Kungsbro Strand 31, 112 26 Stockholm POLAND Paramount Poland sp. z.o.o., Mokotowska 19 (Renaissance Building) 00-560 WarsawVIMN Poland sp. z o.o., Mokotowska 19 (Renaissance Building) 00-560 Warsaw PORTUGAL MTV Networks, Unipessoal, LDA, Avenida Da Liberdade, 245 4 th Floor, 1250-143, Lisbon SINGAPORE Nickelodeon Asia Holdings Pte Ltd SOUTH AFRICA Viacom International Media Networks Africa (Pty) Ltd SPAIN Paramount Spain S.L.U., Paseo de Recoletos 33, 1st floor 28004 MadridViacom International Media Networks España, S.L.U., Paseo de Recoletos 33, 1st floor 28004 MadridParamount Network España, S.L.U., Paseo de Recoletos 33, 1st floor 28004 Madrid SWEDEN Paramount Sweden AB, Lumaparksvagen 7, 12031 StockholmVIMN Nordic AB, Kungsbro Strand 31, 112 26 Stockholm UNITED ARAB EMIRATES Viacom International Media Networks Middle East FZ-LLC UNITED KINGDOM Channel 5 Broadcasting Limited, 17–29 Hawley Crescent, London NW1 8TTLast.FM Limited, Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London EC4N 6AFNickelodeon U.K. Limited, 17–29 Hawley Crescent, London NW1 8TTParamount Pictures International Limited, Building 5, Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5YFParamount Pictures UK, Building 5, Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London W4 5YFSimon & Schuster (UK) Limited, 1st Floor, 222 Gray's Inn Road, London WC1X 8HB The Paramount UK Partnership (trading as Comedy Central), 17–29 Hawley Crescent, London NW1 8TTViacom International Media Networks U.K. Limited, 17–29 Hawley Crescent, London NW1 8TT UNITED STATES Paramount Global, 1515 Broadway, New York, NY 10036Paramount Pictures Corporation, 5555 Melrose Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90038Pluto Inc., 700 N. San Vicente Voulevard, 9th Floor, West Hollywood, CA 90069Viacom International Inc., 1515 Broadway, New York, NY 10036BET URUGUAY ViacomCBS Digital DTC International LLC ©2023 Paramount - All rights reserved Your Opt-Out Rights Essential These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our Services. Essential cookies cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your device to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Service will not work. Functional These Cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our services. If you do not allow these Cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Social Media These Cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the services to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites, building up a profile of your interests to show you relevant content and advertisements on the relevant social networks. If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Analytic & Performance These Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties. Some examples include counting visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. If you do not allow these Cookies we will not know when users have visited our properties and will not be able to monitor performance. Allow Sale, Sharing, Or Targeted Advertising of my Device Information Allow Sale, Sharing, Or Targeted Advertising of my Device Information Please make sure you click on the Save Settings button at the bottom to save your opt-out choice . If you are in California and have enabled the Global Privacy Control signal, we will treat this as a request to opt-out of “sales,” “sharing” and “targeted advertising” for device information. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see here . Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelMaui Wildfires Pennsylvania Explosion Medical Debt Hunter Biden Probe CBS News Live Managing Your Money Newsletters News US World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch CBS Village Technology Science Crime Sports Essentials Governor: Crews searching for Maui fire victims could find another "10 to 20 people" a day Social Security checks face $17,400 cut without changes: study Coast Guard rescues 4 divers who went missing off the Carolinas As Maui wildfires death toll nears 100, anger grows Nestlé recalls cookie dough bars that may contain wood fragments Niger coup leaders say they'll prosecute president for "high treason" Publisher of small Kansas newspaper calls police raid "Gestapo tactic" New details emerge in lethal mushroom mystery gripping Australia Wendy McMahon named president and CEO of CBS News and Stations, CBS Media Ventures Shows CBS Mornings CBS Evening News 60 Minutes CBS Saturday Morning Face the Nation Sunday Morning 48 Hours CBS Reports CBS News Mornings America Decides Prime Time with John Dickerson CBS News Weekender The Takeout The Uplift Eye On America The Dish Here Comes the Sun Person To Person Live CBS News Live CBS News Baltimore CBS News Bay Area CBS News Boston CBS News Chicago CBS News Colorado CBS News Detroit CBS News Los Angeles CBS News Miami CBS News Minnesota CBS News New York CBS News Philadelphia CBS News Pittsburgh CBS News Sacramento CBS News Texas CBS Sports HQ Mixible Local Atlanta Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Seattle Tampa Texas More Latest Video Photos Podcasts In Depth Local A Moment With… Innovators & Disruptors Log In Newsletters Mobile RSS CBS Store Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community Davos 2023 Search Search Watch CBS News Latest News Governor: Crews searching for Maui fire victims could find another "10 to 20 people" a day At least 96 people were confirmed dead as of Sunday night. 2H ago Social Security checks face $17,400 cut without changes: study Retirement program's reserves are slated to be depleted in 2033. New analysis says senior poverty could surge as a result. 2H ago Coast Guard rescues 4 divers who went missing off the Carolinas They were diving off a pleasure craft Sunday and didn't resurface, the Coast Guard said. Crews found them 46 miles southeast of Cape Fear. 2H ago CBS News Live Live As Maui wildfires death toll nears 100, anger grows Residents say Hawaii's famous warning sirens never went off. The death toll has climbed steadily as the search for bodies — and survivors — continues. updated 33M ago Nestlé recalls cookie dough bars that may contain wood fragments The recall comes in response to "a small number" of calls from consumers, though no injuries or illnesses have been reported. 1H ago Niger coup leaders say they'll prosecute president for "high treason" They made the announcement just hours after saying they were open to resolving the crisis diplomatically. 5H ago Publisher of small Kansas newspaper calls police raid "Gestapo tactic" Eric Meyer says the raid was due to his paper's coverage of a local businesswoman and the local police chief, and stressed his 98-year-old mother enough to cause her death. 4H ago New details emerge in lethal mushroom mystery gripping Australia The woman who prepared the meal with the mushrooms linked to three deaths told police says she bought them at a local grocery store. 4H ago Wendy McMahon named president and CEO of CBS News and Stations, CBS Media Ventures McMahon will now lead all of CBS News' broadcast and streaming operations, 27 local television stations in major U.S.markets, and CBS Media Ventures' top-rated first-run syndication programming. 48M ago More Top Stories Community with high medical debt questions its hospitals' charity spending Pueblo, Colorado, residents have higher-than-average medical debt, while the city's two tax-exempt hospitals provide relatively low levels of charity care. 7H ago Polish PM to ask voters if they accept "thousands of illegal immigrants" The timing of the referendum suggests the ruling party will use immigration for his reelection campaign. 2H ago Oprah Winfrey provides support, aid to Maui wildfire survivors Oprah Winfrey has been visiting the largest evacuee shelter in Maui County. 1H ago Are you dehydrated or just thirsty? Here's how to tell. Dehydration is more than just feeling thirsty — it's a condition that can lead to heat exhaustion. Experts share the signs to look out for in the summer heat. 4H ago 5 dead, several hurt in Pennsylvania house explosion The explosion destroyed three structures and damaged at least a dozen others, authorities said. 16H ago Mexican detention center fire victims' families getting $8 million each Security camera footage showed security personnel made no attempt to evacuate the migrants once the fire broke out. 5H ago Why American Prairie doesn't plan to lobby Congress for a new national park The nonprofit organization is working to restore the American grasslands, which it says were overlooked when the federal government began creating national parks. 16H ago Rescued baby walrus getting "round-the-clock" cuddles dies in Alaska The Pacific walrus calf, believed to be roughly a month old, was found alone in Alaska, miles from the ocean. 19H ago Trial for Hunter Biden is "not inevitable," his attorney says A plea deal between prosecutors and Hunter Biden fell apart last month following a dispute about an immunity provision. 21H ago Maui Wildfires How dangerous climate conditions fueled Maui's devastating wildfires A dangerous mix of conditions appear to have combined to make the wildfires that blazed a path of destruction in Hawaii particularly damaging. 3H ago Governor: Crews searching for Maui fire victims could find another "10 to 20 people" a day At least 96 people were confirmed dead as of Sunday night. 2H ago Oprah Winfrey provides support, aid to Maui wildfire survivors Oprah Winfrey has been visiting the largest evacuee shelter in Maui County. 1H ago Have a trip planned to Hawaii? What to know about the Maui fires Airlines, hotels and homesharing sites are implementing flexible rebooking and cancellation policies. updated 26M ago How to help those affected by the Maui wildfires Here are some organizations accepting donations to assist victims of the disastrous wildfires on the Hawaiian island of Maui. Aug 11 Trump Investigations Trump could face "big picture" RICO case in Georgia, expert says While RICO cases are nothing new in Fulton County, experts say pursuing such a case against a former president would be unprecedented. Aug 11 Judge in Trump Jan.6 case issues order limiting use of "sensitive" material At a hearing, Judge Tanya Chutkan said Trump has a First Amendment right to free speech, but acknowledged that right "is not absolute." Aug 11 The obscure law about government secrets that could shape the Trump documents trial The Classified Information Procedures Act aims to balance the defendant's constitutional right to a fair trial with the government's interest in protecting its secrets. Aug 11 Timeline: The Trump investigation in Fulton County, Georgia Key moments in an investigation dating back more than two and a half years. Aug 11 Trump lawyer says Pence will be their "best witness" in 2020 election case Former Vice President Mike Pence is a key figure in the prosecution's case against former President Donald Trump. Aug 6 Managing Your Money Student loan interest rates: Everything to know right now Student loan interest rates are high now. Here's how you may be able to secure a lower rate for the fall semester. 1H ago Have mortgage rates peaked? Here's what some experts think How much higher will mortgage rates go? Here's a look at what the experts say about the future of mortgage rates. 2H ago Inflation is rising again. Here's what that means for gold investments Inflation grew in July. Learn how that affects gold prices and what it means for investors. Aug 11 Top Videos CBS News Live CBS News latest headlines Nov 26, 2014 CBS News Live CBS News Live Eye Opener: Maui wildfire death toll rises The Maui wildfires are the deadliest in modern U.S. history, and the search for victims continues as the scale of loss becomes clearer. Also, former President Donald Trump could face a new indictment, possibly this week, for alleged election tampering. All that and all that matters in today’s Eye Opener. 5H ago 01:50 Maui residents search for loved ones, answers It's been nearly a week since deadly wildfires started in Maui. As the death toll rises, residents are searching for missing loved ones and seeking answers about the government's actions before, during and after the disaster. CBS News' Jonathan Vigliotti reports from Hawaii. 5H ago 04:37 Witnesses to testify in 2020 election probe A grand jury in Georgia is set to hear witness testimony in the state's investigation into alleged efforts by former President Donald Trump and his allies to overturn election results in 2020. CBS News' Nikole Killion reports from Atlanta. 5H ago 02:45 U.S. sees rise in COVID cases COVID cases and hospitalization rates are rising, as fall quickly approaches. CBS News medical contributor and editor-at-large for Public Health at KFF, Dr. Celine Gounder, joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss. 4H ago 03:06 MoneyWatch Social Security checks face $17,400 cut without changes: study Retirement program's reserves are slated to be depleted in 2033. New analysis says senior poverty could surge as a result. 2H ago Nestlé recalls cookie dough bars that may contain wood fragments The recall comes in response to "a small number" of calls from consumers, though no injuries or illnesses have been reported. 1H ago Toyota recalls roughly 168,000 vehicles over fire risk The cars' fuel tubes could rub against a brake line, causing a fuel leak, the company said. Aug 11 Jeff Bezos buys $68 million home in Miami's "billionaire bunker" County records show the property previously sold for $1.4 million in 1982.The home has 9,300 square feet and a pool. Aug 11 Ice cream sold in 19 states is recalled due to listeria outbreak Two people — one each in New York and Pennsylvania — have been hospitalized after eating Soft Serve On The Go. Aug 11 CBS Essentials — Your Online Shopping Guide The best aluminum luggage in 2023 Treat yourself to a sleek aluminum suitcase from Rimowa, Away and more travel brands in 2023. updated 28M ago Back-to-school deal: The Keurig K-Express brewer is just $60 on Amazon Shop these hot deals on Keurig coffee makers to upgrade your morning routine at home or at school. 1H ago NordVPN review: Premium security you can trust One of the biggest (and best) names in the VPN business is an excellent pick for all users. 4H ago CBS Mornings CBS Mornings Tips for letting go of perfection Author, journalist and motivational speaker L'Oreal Thompson Payton joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss her new book "Stop Waiting for Perfect: Step Out of Your Comfort Zone and Into Your Power." 3H ago 04:14 Director Ángel Manuel Soto on "Blue Beetle" Director Ángel Manuel Soto joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss his highly-anticipated DC film "Blue Beetle." Soto explains why family is at the heart of the film, and the significance of "Blue Beetle" being the first superhero movie starring, written by and directed by Latinos. Plus, the future of "Blue Beetle" in the DC Universe. 3H ago 05:48 Mick Fleetwood's restaurant burns in fire Mick Fleetwood's Lahaina restaurant has been destroyed by the Maui wildfire, but the rockstar says Maui will always be his home. He is committed to helping Maui heal from the devastation. CBS News' Carter Evans has more. 3H ago 04:59 Tom Brady's mentor on secrets to success Tom Brady's and Michael Phelps' mentor, Greg Harden, joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss his new book, "Stay Sane in an Insane World," which teaches readers how to take control of their lives. 4H ago 04:35 Maui resident and business owner on wildfires Maui resident and business owner Javier Barberi lost one of his businesses due to the wildfires on the island. Barberi joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss the deadly wildfires and what the island needs now. 4H ago 05:13 CBS Village — Diverse Voices & Communities CBS Village — Diverse Voices & Communities Tips for letting go of perfection Author, journalist and motivational speaker L'Oreal Thompson Payton joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss her new book "Stop Waiting for Perfect: Step Out of Your Comfort Zone and Into Your Power." 3H ago 04:14 Director Ángel Manuel Soto on "Blue Beetle" Director Ángel Manuel Soto joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss his highly-anticipated DC film "Blue Beetle." Soto explains why family is at the heart of the film, and the significance of "Blue Beetle" being the first superhero movie starring, written by and directed by Latinos.Plus, the future of "Blue Beetle" in the DC Universe. 3H ago 05:48 Tom Brady's mentor on secrets to success Tom Brady's and Michael Phelps' mentor, Greg Harden, joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss his new book, "Stay Sane in an Insane World," which teaches readers how to take control of their lives. 4H ago 04:35 Morgan Freeman on rescuing a Black WWII tank battalion from obscurity The Oscar-winning actor talks about his History Channel documentary, "761st Tank Battalion: The Original Black Panthers," about one of only a few African American tank battalions that saw combat in World War II, a time when the armed forces were still segregated. Aug 13 Writer Tess Gunty on "The Rabbit Hutch" She is the breakout talent whose debut novel, "The Rabbit Hutch," won Tess Gunty the National Book Award for fiction. The novel, set in a downtrodden city inspired by her hometown of South Bend, Indiana, follows young adults who have aged out of the foster care system without having found a "forever" family. CBS News' Robert Costa talks with the 30-year-old author about her own background – both similar and different from her protagonist's – and about her passionate advocacy for the craft of novel writing. Aug 13 06:21 Here Comes The Sun Here Comes The Sun Here Comes the Sun: Zoe Saldaña and more Actor Zoe Saldaña sits down with Seth Doane to discuss her new series “Special Ops: Lioness,” the challenges she has overcome, and how her father’s passing defined her. Then, Serena Altschul visits the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City to learn about Native American artist Jaune Quick-to-See Smith’s work. “Here Comes the Sun” is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on “CBS Sunday Morning.” Aug 13 20:33 Here Comes the Sun: Rose Styron and more Author Rose Styron sits down with Mo Rocca to discuss her memoir "Beyond This Harbor," James Lapine’s documentary “In the Company of Rose” and how she learned to read. Then, Conor Knighton visits the de Young Museum in San Francisco to learn more about the exhibit on Ansel Adams’ work. “Here Comes the Sun” is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on “CBS Sunday Morning.” Aug 6 20:53 Here Comes the Sun: Tom Brokaw and more Journalist and author Tom Brokaw sits down with Jane Pauley to discuss his new book, “Never Give Up: A Prairie Family's Story.” Then, Roxana Saberi learns about the history of the Ferris wheel. “Here Comes the Sun” is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on “CBS Sunday Morning.” Jul 30 22:19 Here Comes the Sun: Juliette Lewis and more "Actor and singer Juliette Lewis sits down with Luke Burbank to discuss her role in “Yellowjackets,” her band “Juliette and the Licks” and her past acting experiences as a whole. Then, Conor Knighton travels to both Oregon and Indiana to learn more about owls. “Here Comes the Sun” is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on “CBS Sunday Morning.” Jul 23 21:37 Here Comes the Sun: Paul McCartney and more Paul McCartney sits down with Anthony Mason to discuss the photographs he took on The Beatles' 1964 tour of America, which are now on display at London's National Portrait Gallery. Then, Jim Axelrod meets a woman determined to finish her late father's bucket list. "Here Comes the Sun" is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on "CBS Sunday Morning." Jul 16 21:26 The Uplift — Stories That Inspire The Uplift — Stories That Inspire The Uplift: Barbie and Briana Scurry Meet the women behind iconic Barbie designs. Hear from soccer player Briana Scurry, a two-time gold medalist, World Cup champion and the first African American woman elected to the National Soccer Hall of Fame.Plus, more heartwarming stories. Aug 11 22:07 Football player gives his scholarship to hardworking teammate The team couldn't give out any more scholarships, but financial help was still coming Zack Conti's way. Aug 10 Football player gives teammate his scholarship Brian Dooley, a football player at Eastern Michigan University, noticed his teammate Zack Conti was juggling multiple jobs. So he made a selfless choice to help Conti – by giving him his scholarship. Aug 10 01:44 He lost his sight — but found a new career "If you want something in life you have to reach out and grab it and you have to work on it. So, that's basically what I did," Calvin Echevarria said. Aug 9 Company helps the visually impaired get jobs When Calvin Echevarria started losing his vision, he was worried he wouldn't be able to be there for his daughter. Since then, he's found a job at Lighthouse Works in Orlando, a company that provides jobs for the blind and visually impaired. And not only is he able to provide for his daughter, he's her mentor, because she works at Lighthouse Works, too. Aug 9 03:32 CBS Reports CBS Reports Fighting for Haiti | CBS Reports In July 2021, Haitian President Jovenel Moise was assassinated, leaving a power vacuum seized upon by rival gangs that now effectively run the capital city of Port-au-Prince. It’s the latest in a long history of hardships, including some in which the US has played a role. Remarkably Haitians are undeterred in their optimism for a better future. CBS Reports explores Haiti’s current crisis, fueled in part by American firepower, and the inspiring stories amidst the anarchy of those fighting to fulfill Haiti’s promise. After the documentary’s release, a spokesperson from Haitian Prime Minister Ariel Henry's office provided the following statement: "We don't deal with gangs. We don't talk to them. We don't negotiate with them. We don't even want to sit with them." Jul 6 22:15 40 Acres and a Mule | CBS Reports Today, the phrase "40 acres and a mule" represents the broken promises the U.S. government has made to Black American farmers, contributing to a vast racial wealth gap. CBS Reports explores the ways in which Black Americans are trying to reclaim their land, connect to their ancestry, and generate wealth that can be passed on for generations to come. Jun 22 22:23 The ChatGPT Revolution | CBS Reports The artificial intelligence revolution has arrived. AI tools such as ChatGPT offer the power to transform fields like business, art, medical research and more. But this technology also brings ethical uncertainty and peril. CBS Reports explores the unleashing of this still rapidly evolving creation and some of the possible dangers. Jun 1 22:38 Eating Trash | CBS Reports Nearly 40% of food in the U.S. ends up in the landfill, a problem exacerbating both climate change and food insecurity. But innovative chefs from gourmet eateries to soup kitchens are on a mission to change that. CBS Reports' Adam Yamaguchi dines across America to discover the creative ways chefs transform food waste into trendy eats. Apr 20 22:23 Pledge of Silence | CBS Reports CBS Reports investigates why, in public school districts across America, some teachers have sexually abused students for decades before being stopped. Apr 13 22:32 U.S. U.S.Nestlé recalls cookie dough bars that may contain wood fragments The recall comes in response to "a small number" of calls from consumers, though no injuries or illnesses have been reported. 1H ago Oprah Winfrey provides support, aid to Maui wildfire survivors Oprah Winfrey has been visiting the largest evacuee shelter in Maui County. 1H ago Governor: Crews searching for Maui fire victims could find another "10 to 20 people" a day At least 96 people were confirmed dead as of Sunday night. 2H ago Social Security checks face $17,400 cut without changes: study Retirement program's reserves are slated to be depleted in 2033. New analysis says senior poverty could surge as a result. 2H ago How dangerous climate conditions fueled Maui's devastating wildfires A dangerous mix of conditions appear to have combined to make the wildfires that blazed a path of destruction in Hawaii particularly damaging. 3H ago MoneyWatch MoneyWatch Wendy McMahon named president and CEO of CBS News and Stations, CBS Media Ventures McMahon will now lead all of CBS News' broadcast and streaming operations, 27 local television stations in major U.S. markets, and CBS Media Ventures' top-rated first-run syndication programming. 47M ago Nestlé recalls cookie dough bars that may contain wood fragments The recall comes in response to "a small number" of calls from consumers, though no injuries or illnesses have been reported. 1H ago Social Security checks face $17,400 cut without changes: study Retirement program's reserves are slated to be depleted in 2033. New analysis says senior poverty could surge as a result. 2H ago Community with high medical debt questions its hospitals' charity spending Pueblo, Colorado, residents have higher-than-average medical debt, while the city's two tax-exempt hospitals provide relatively low levels of charity care. 7H ago These states are still sending out stimulus checks Montana and other areas saw a surplus in their state budgets, allowing them to send stimulus payments to taxpayers. Aug 11 Politics Politics Trial for Hunter Biden is "not inevitable," his attorney says A plea deal between prosecutors and Hunter Biden fell apart last month following a dispute about an immunity provision. 21H ago Emad Shargi's family "incredibly nervous about what happens next" The move of four imprisoned Americans to house arrest was the first step in a politically charged agreement that would bring five Americans home from Iran. 21H ago Full transcript of "Face the Nation," August 13, 2023 On this "Face the Nation" broadcast, U.S. Rep. Jill Tokuda of Hawaii and Abbe Lowell, attorney for Hunter Biden, join Margaret Brennan. 21H ago Rep. for Maui says warning sirens "likely did not go off" before fires How officials managed the wildfires on Maui has come under scrutiny as the natural disaster becomes the deadliest in Hawaii's history as a state. 22H ago Transcript: Neda Sharghi on "Face the Nation," August 13, 2023 The following is a transcript of an interview with Neda Sharghi, sister of Emad Shargi, one of the four Americans held in Iran who was transferred last week from prison to house arrest, that aired on "Face the Nation" on August 13, 2023. 23H ago HealthWatch HealthWatch Are you dehydrated or just thirsty? Here's how to tell. Dehydration is more than just feeling thirsty — it's a condition that can lead to heat exhaustion. Experts share the signs to look out for in the summer heat. 4H ago U.S. sees rise in COVID cases COVID cases and hospitalization rates are rising, as fall quickly approaches. CBS News medical contributor and editor-at-large for Public Health at KFF, Dr.Celine Gounder, joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss. 4H ago 03:06 Community with high medical debt questions its hospitals' charity spending Pueblo, Colorado, residents have higher-than-average medical debt, while the city's two tax-exempt hospitals provide relatively low levels of charity care. 7H ago After Maui fires, health risks linger in the air, water and buildings People returning to what remains of the beachside town of Lahaina, Hawaii, and other Maui communities after the deadly wildfires​ face more dangers. Aug 12 Doctors struggle with how to help patients with heart issues from COVID COVID-19 has taken a toll on the nation's heart health, but how profound is only starting to emerge. Aug 12 World World Polish PM to ask voters if they accept "thousands of illegal immigrants" The timing of the referendum suggests the ruling party will use immigration for his reelection campaign. 2H ago New details emerge in lethal mushroom mystery gripping Australia The woman who prepared the meal with the mushrooms linked to three deaths told police says she bought them at a local grocery store. 4H ago Mexican detention center fire victims' families getting $8 million each Security camera footage showed security personnel made no attempt to evacuate the migrants once the fire broke out. 5H ago Niger coup leaders say they'll prosecute president for "high treason" They made the announcement just hours after saying they were open to resolving the crisis diplomatically. 5H ago Emad Shargi's family "incredibly nervous about what happens next" The move of four imprisoned Americans to house arrest was the first step in a politically charged agreement that would bring five Americans home from Iran. 21H ago Entertainment Entertainment Wendy McMahon named president and CEO of CBS News and Stations, CBS Media Ventures McMahon will now lead all of CBS News' broadcast and streaming operations, 27 local television stations in major U.S. markets, and CBS Media Ventures' top-rated first-run syndication programming. 47M ago Director Ángel Manuel Soto on "Blue Beetle" Director Ángel Manuel Soto joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss his highly-anticipated DC film "Blue Beetle." Soto explains why family is at the heart of the film, and the significance of "Blue Beetle" being the first superhero movie starring, written by and directed by Latinos. Plus, the future of "Blue Beetle" in the DC Universe. 3H ago 05:48 Tess Gunty on "The Rabbit Hutch" and the collaboration between reader and writer The National Book Award-winner, whose debut novel is set in a downtrodden city inspired by her hometown of South Bend, Ind., talks about her background, and about her passionate advocacy for the craft of novel writing. Aug 13 The latest act for Depeche Mode The English electronic group began 2023 with a new album, "Memento Mori," and a packed tour schedule, yet Dave Gahan and Martin Gore are doing so without their bandmate, Andy Fletcher, who died unexpectedly last year. Aug 13 The art of Banksy's secrets The first authorized exhibition in 14 years of works by the street artist, whose identity has been a closely-held secret for decades, required a cover story until it opened, unannounced, in Glasgow. "Sunday Morning" explores the enduring mysteries of Banksy's world. Aug 13 Technology Technology Most Facebook users have days to claim settlement money. Here's how. Application to collect part of Meta's $725 million settlement is simple, requiring only a few minutes to fill out. Aug 11 Hulu, Disney+ to increase streaming costs Disney is raising the price of streaming services Hulu and Disney+ again this fall.Alex Weprin, media and business writer for The Hollywood Reporter, has more on the current state of the streaming industry. Aug 10 03:09 How AI could be used in deep sea mining High-tech robotic vehicles that utilize artificial intelligence could soon be scouring the deep sea floor for minerals needed to make batteries for electric vehicles. Ben Tracy has more. Aug 10 02:30 PayPal expanding cryptocurrency offerings PayPal is making a major investment in its crypto strategy, introducing its own stablecoin called PayPalUSD or "PYUSD." Stablecoin is a type of cryptocurrency with its value tied to another commodity, in this case, the U.S. dollar. Hannah Lang, financial technology correspondent at Reuters, joined CBS News to talk about the new offering. Aug 10 03:09 Risks, pollution of Virgin Galactic flight Virgin Galactic launched its first space tourism mission Thursday with an 80-year-old former British Olympian and a mother and daughter from Antigua and Barbuda onboard. Alain A. Grenier, a professor in the School of Management at the University of Quebec, joined CBS News to discuss some of the possible downsides of the flight. Aug 10 04:39 Science Science Identifying individual humpback whales online The website happywhale.com collects photos that whale watchers take of the tails of humpbacks, helping ID and track specific whales in their travels around the world. Aug 13 Identifying humpback whales online The website happywhale.com collects photos that whale-watchers take of the tails of humpbacks, helping ID and track specific whales in their travels around the world. Conor Knighton reports. Aug 13 05:42 Hawaii fires leave thousands displaced The deadly fires on Hawaii's Maui island have destroyed or damaged hundreds of homes, leaving thousands of people having to turn to emergency shelters. CBS Los Angeles reporter Rudabeh Shahbazi spoke with some of the survivors on Maui about where they'll go next. Aug 11 02:00 How to help Maui during the deadly wildfires Organizations are working to provide supplies, shelter and medical care to those affected by the deadly fires on Hawaii's island of Maui. Lauren Wittel, a communications consultant with the Maui Rescue Mission, explains how people can help those in need. Aug 11 04:32 Severe weather threatens Northeast The Northeast is facing the threat of severe weather this weekend, while the Gulf Coast is set to kick off another summer heat wave next week.The Weather Channel's Jacqui Jeras has more. Aug 11 01:15 Crime Crime How a DNA "detective" helped solve "unsolvable" cold case Roxanne Wood's murder in 1987 went cold for more than three decades before a genetic genealogist made a breakthrough. Aug 13 Doctor arrested for alleged lewd acts while teen sat next to him on plane The 14-year-old girl moved seats and told family members about the incident, according to charging documents. Aug 12 Camp Pendleton Marine charged with sexually assaulting teen Last week, the Marine was detained for questioning after a female minor was found in the Camp Pendleton barracks, military officials said. Aug 11 Sam Bankman-Fried to be jailed for allegedly tampering with witnesses The FTX founder reached out to witnesses and the defendant was remanded to a federal detention center, according to court records. Aug 11 Judge who's charged with murder allegedly texted staff: "I just shot my wife" Prosecutors say that 47 weapons and more than 26,000 rounds of ammunition were recovered from Jeffrey Ferguson's home. Aug 11 Space Space Space Russia launches first moon mission in decades Russia has launched its first spacecraft to the surface of the moon in nearly half a century. The Luna-25 mission, seeking to put a robotic lander on the south pole of the moon, is expected to land as early as August 21, after India launched its own spacecraft to the lunar south pole last month. CBS News space consultant Bill Harwood has more. Aug 11 04:09 Russia launches first moon mission since Soviet era A rocket carrying a lunar landing craft blasted off on Russia's first moon mission in nearly 50 years, racing to land ahead of an Indian spacecraft. Aug 10 Virgin Galactic launches space tourism flight Virgin Galactic's first space flight with paying passengers aboard launched Thursday. CBS News space analyst William Harwood joins us with coverage of the VSS Unity Rocket and the three paying customers aboard. Aug 10 19:56 Virgin Galactic launches its first flight with space tourists Virgin Galactic's seventh sub-orbital spaceflight included three space tourists, its first fully commercial passengers. Aug 10 How to see the Perseids, the "best meteor shower of the year," during the peak About 50 to 100 meteors​ from the Perseids can be seen per hour under ideal conditions, according to NASA. 20H ago Latest Galleries Latest Galleries Chandler Halderson case: An inside look How prosecutors made the case that the Wisconsin man killed his parents Bart and Krista Halderson in July 2021. Aug 5 20 photos Crime scene photos: NYC sledgehammer attack On Nov. 11, 2012, Jake Nolan accompanied his psychiatrist cousin to a NYC Home Depot where she purchased a sledgehammer; 24 hours later, it became a key piece of evidence in a crime that ended with Nolan and her ex-lover in the hospital. Aug 2 13 photos Notable Deaths in 2023 A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity. Aug 11 50 photos Timeline: The Disappearance of Mengqi Ji When a young mother disappears in Columbia, Missouri, investigators use DNA from a tree to help solve the mystery of what happened to her. Jul 26 26 photos Evidence in the kidnapping of Schanda Handley As soon as Schanda Handley was rescued, she told police she believed her estranged husband was behind her kidnapping.See the evidence that convinced investigators he was responsible. Jul 12 15 photos Latest Videos Latest Videos Latest Videos Niger junta to prosecute ousted president A spokesperson for Niger's military junta said Sunday that coup leaders had gathered evidence to prosecute ousted President Mohamed Bazoum for "high treason and undermining the internal and external security of Niger." The BBC's Mayeni Jones joined CBS News to discuss the situation. 3H ago 04:50 Home explodes near Pittsburgh, killing 5 Five people were killed and several others were hurt Saturday when a home exploded in western Pennsylvania. Fire officials said three more homes were destroyed when the flames spread and at least a dozen others were damaged. The cause of the blast is under investigation. 3H ago 00:35 Trump rails against Fulton County DA Former President Donald Trump could be facing a fourth indictment as early as this week with Georgia prosecutors expected to appear before a grand jury and share findings from their investigation into alleged election interference. CBS News correspondent Cristian Benavides has more on the possible charges. 3H ago 03:58 Frustration over lack of information in Maui At least 96 people are confirmed dead after last week's massive wildfires in Maui and the death toll is expected to rise as crews continue to search through thousands of burned buildings and homes. Survivors are now in need of things like water, food and gasoline, with many wondering how it got this bad. Jonathan Vigliotti is on Maui with the latest. 3H ago 06:02 Tips for letting go of perfection Author, journalist and motivational speaker L'Oreal Thompson Payton joins "CBS Mornings" to discuss her new book "Stop Waiting for Perfect: Step Out of Your Comfort Zone and Into Your Power." 3H ago 04:14 Copyright ©2023 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. facebook twitter instagram youtube CBS News App Chrome Safari Your Privacy Choices Essential These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our Services. Essential cookies cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your device to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Service will not work. Functional These Cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our services. If you do not allow these Cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Analytic & Performance These Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use our properties. Some examples include counting visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. If you do not allow these Cookies we will not know when users have visited our properties and will not be able to monitor performance. Allow Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising of my Device Information Allow Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising of my Device Information Please make sure you click on the Save Settings button at the bottom or otherwise confirm your opt-out choice. If you are in California and have enabled the Global Privacy Control signal, we will treat this as a request to opt-out of “sales,” “sharing” and “targeted advertising” for device information. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see here . For instructions on how to stop receiving marketing emails from us, please see here . Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label