Gracenote Sports Privacy Statement | Nielsen Gracenote Sports Privacy Statement Last Revised: June 2019 Gracenote, a Nielsen Company, is committed to protecting your privacy and handling your information in an open and transparent manner. This Privacy Statement details what personal information (i.e., information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person) Gracenote Sports (" Gracenote Sports ," " we ," or " us "), a division of Gracenote, may gather in connection with the Sports data services that we deliver to our clients/customers (the " Services ") and how this personal information is used, shared, and protected. This Privacy Statement also describes your choices and legal rights in relation to such information. Please note that this Privacy Statement applies only to Gracenote Sports’ processing of information about professional athletes and sports figures (hereinafter referred to as "you") in connection with the Services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our processing of information about you, please refer to the "Contact Us" section below for our contact information. Collection of Your Information The types of personal information that we collect about you and other athletes and sports figures may include your biographical information (e.g., your name, gender, date of birth, etc.) as well as photos/images of you and other information relating to you (e.g., career milestones, statistics, etc.). We mainly collect or otherwise obtain personal information about you and other athletes and sports figures from publicly-available sources, including public websites and various types of publications (e.g., books, articles, press releases, etc.). We may also observe or reasonably infer certain information about you from the information that we collect from publicly-available sources and/or information that is otherwise present in the public domain. Additionally, we may obtain personal information about you that you or the team/league/organization with which you are associated provide directly to us through various means, including in-person discussions, telephone conversations, and electronic or written communications. Where another party, such as the team/league/organization with which you are associated, provides your personal information to us, they must also comply with their obligations under applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations. If you believe that another party has not provided you with details of the personal information that it holds about you and/or does not have a valid basis for providing us with that personal information for processing as described in this Privacy Statement, please contact such party directly. In some jurisdictions, some of the information that we collect or obtain and process about you, such as information that we observe or infer, may be considered "special" or "sensitive" personal information (e.g., information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, health or medical conditions, sexual orientation, etc.). If we process any "special" or "sensitive" personal information relating to you, we will use it only in the ways described in this Privacy Statement and in accordance with applicable law. Use of Your Information We use your information to deliver the Services, which may result in us making personal information that we hold about you available to our clients/customers in accordance with their legitimate interests. Where necessary, we will also use information that we hold about you in order to: (i) protect the rights, property, operations, health, or safety of you, us, or others; (ii) enforce our agreements; comply with applicable laws and regulations; and establish, exercise, and/or defend our legal rights; and (iii) respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process/ requests and communications from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information Applicable law in your country of residence may require us to set out in this Privacy Statement the legal basis upon which we rely in order to process your personal information. If you are based in the European Union (" EU ")/European Economic Area (" EEA "), we will process your personal information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement based on one or more of the legal bases listed below in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. Legitimate interests: We rely on our legitimate interests, provided that such interests shall not be overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms. In particular, among other things, we process your personal information in reliance on a legitimate interest in maintaining a curated set of professional sports-related information and delivering the Services to our clients/customers.Compliance with legal obligations: We may process your personal information if necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation arising under applicable law to which we are subject. To the extent that we process any "special" or "sensitive" personal information relating to you, we will do so because either: (i) you have made the information manifestly public; or (ii) the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. If you have any questions or concerns about the legal basis upon which we collect and process your personal information, please contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Disclosures of Your Information In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined above in the "Use of Your Information" section, we may disclose your information to: entities within the Nielsen group of companies ;our clients/customers (in connection with the Services);third-party service providers, including providers of the following services (among others): website hosting, management, or support; data analysis or processing; data backup; data security and storage; and product development (subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality and security); relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);competent governmental and public authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests; andother third parties as we believe necessary or appropriate for legal purposes. The disclosures described above may result in the transfer of your personal information to countries or regions with data protection or privacy laws and regulations that differ from those in your country of residence. In cases where your information is transferred outside of your country of residence, we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect your personal information. If you are based in the EU/EEA, such safeguards might include a data transfer agreement with the information recipient based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers of personal information to third countries not providing an adequate level of data protection. Alternatively, in certain circumstances, your personal information may be transferred on the basis of an applicable derogation or exemption. For further details relating to the transfers described above and the adequate safeguards used with respect to such transfers, please contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Information Security We have in place reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures that are designed to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and other forms of unlawful processing while it is under our control. However, please be aware that the storage and transfer of information cannot always be one-hundred percent secure. Information Retention We will retain your information in a form that permits identification only for as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required under applicable law or is necessary in order to resolve disputes, protect our legal rights, or otherwise to comply with our legal or professional obligations. Your Choices and Legal Rights You have choices about how your personal information is handled, and we are committed to providing you with reasonable access to your personal information and the ability to review and limit the use of such information in accordance with applicable law. Depending on your country of residence, under applicable law, you may have the right to: request confirmation as to whether or not we are processing any of your personal information;request access to or copies of your personal information;request that we update or correct your personal information (e.g., if it is inaccurate or incomplete);propose restrictions on the ways in which we use your personal information (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or limit our use of your personal information (e.g., if your personal information is inaccurate or unlawfully held); object to our processing of your personal information;request that your personal information be transferred to another organization in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format (to the extent applicable);request that we delete your personal information; andlodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection or privacy authority regarding our processing of your personal information. If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights described above, please contact us .Because we want to avoid taking action regarding your personal information at the direction of someone other than you, please note that we may request information verifying your identity before we can give effect to these rights. Additional information for EU/EEA residents If you have any questions or concerns about our collection or use of your personal information, you can contact our EU Data Protection Officer at privacy.department@nielsen.com . If you are unsatisfied with the way in which we have handled your personal information or any privacy query or request that you have raised to us, you have a right to complain to the Data Protection Authority ("DPA") in your country of residence or the country in which the issue that is the subject of your complaint occurred. To find the contact details of the appropriate DPA, please visit this website . Updates to this Privacy Statement We may update and make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time in light of, for example, changing business practices, technology, or legal requirements. When we make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will amend the "Last Revised" date at the top of this page and such modified or amended version of this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to you and your information as of that revision date. The most current version of this Privacy Statement will always be available here on this website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically to remain informed about how we are using and protecting your information. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or Gracenote’s information handling practices, please email us at privacy.department@nielsen.com or write us at: From EU countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen Ireland 14 Riverwalk, National Digital Park Citywest Business Campus Dublin 24 D24 XN32 From other countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen 675 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10010 USA Additional privacy information For Nielsen For Gracenote Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use . If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? First name Last name Business email address Job title Company Location Industry Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeGracenote privacy statement | Nielsen Gracenote Privacy Statement Gracenote, Inc., a Nielsen Company (" Gracenote ," " we ," or " us "), is committed to protecting your privacy and handling your information in an open and transparent manner. This Privacy Statement explains how we use, share, and protect the information we gather about you via gracenote.com and any other Gracenote website where this Privacy Statement is posted or linked (collectively, " this Website ") and when we perform any activities that form part of the operation of this Website and related services (e.g., when we send you marketing-related communications). This Privacy Statement also describes your choices and legal rights in relation to such information. Please note that this Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by Gracenote through your interaction with this Website and through our performance of other activities that form part of the operation of this Website and related services. Other websites, including websites provided by Nielsen’s group of companies and websites that may be accessible from this Website, are governed by their own privacy statements. We encourage you to review the privacy statements on all websites before disclosing any information. To learn more about Nielsen’s group of companies, please click here . Collection of Your Information We collect or otherwise obtain information relating to you in a variety of ways. Such information may include personal information (i.e., information that alone or in combination with other information identifies you as an individual, such as your name, email address, phone number, and other data that can be reasonably linked to you as an individual). Additional details about the information we may gather about you can be found below. When you register or create an account on this Website, submit a question or request (e.g., to learn more about our data and services), sign up for an event that we are hosting, or provide us with feedback, we will collect the information that you voluntarily provide, such as your name, email address, phone number, employment details, and geographical location. This Website may host various blogs, message boards, forums, or other services (including social media services) that allow you to share information and content with other visitors. Any personal information or other information that you voluntarily post can be read, collected, and used by other visitors to this Website, and we have little or no control over how they may use such information. You should keep this in mind when sharing any personal information or other information on this Website. As is true of most websites, when you visit and browse this Website, we also gather certain information automatically, including log usage data (e.g., when you view or click on content) and information from your device and network, including your IP address, browser operating system and version, device identifier and features, access times, and referring website addresses. We may use cookies (i.e., small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, and ad tags) to enable certain features and functionality and collect additional information that helps us to improve this Website and better deliver our services to you. In particular, we may use cookies (session cookies and persistent cookies) to identify your browser or device, display information more effectively, provide you with tailored content, and gather statistical information about how you use this Website. We may also use such technologies for security purposes and to detect and defend against fraud and other risks in order to protect this Website’s visitors. If you do not wish to have information collected from your device by cookies, most browsers allow you to control and decline the use of cookies through the browser settings. Please note, however, that if you decline the use of cookies or limit the ability of this Website to set cookies, some of its features may not work properly. To learn more about our use of cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org . We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that may set cookies in your browser, in order to help us understand how visitors engage with this Website. To learn more about Google Analytics’ data practices, please visit this Google Support page . For opt-out options specific to Google Analytics, please visit this optout page . We generally do not seek sensitive personal information (e.g., information relating to an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or other similar beliefs, health or medical conditions, criminal background, or trade union membership) about visitors to this Website.If you voluntarily provide sensitive personal information for any reason or we are required to collect such information as a result of legal requirements imposed on us, we will, where necessary, obtain your explicit consent and use such information in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law. Use of Your Information We use your information for the purpose(s) for which it was collected or provided to us (as stated at the point of collection) or as otherwise obvious from the context of collection. We may also use your information to: administer and manage this Website, communicate with you about this Website, and respond to your inquiries and requests;customize or personalize your user experience and the content we deliver to you;conduct research and analytics about how you use and interact with this Website;protect the rights, safety, property, or operations of Gracenote or our affiliates, you, or others; andrespond to requests and communications from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. We may also use your information for marketing purposes or to send you promotional materials or other communications about Gracenote’s business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by contacting us at gnmarketing@nielsen.com or clicking on the unsubscribe link in any of our communications to you. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional materials or communications, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any services you have requested. Legal Basis for the Processing of Your Personal Information Applicable law in your country of residence may require us to set out in this Privacy Statement the legal basis upon which we rely in order to process your personal information. If you are based in the European Union (“ EU ”)/European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), we will process your personal information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement based on: (a) the consent that you provide us at the point of collection of your personal information to use such information for certain specific purposes; or (b) our legitimate interests, provided that such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms. In particular, we may process your personal information in reliance on a legitimate interest in the effective and lawful operation of this Website and our businesses as well as the effective delivery of information and services to you. We may have other legitimate interests and, if so, we will make clear what those interests are at the relevant point in time. To the extent that we process any sensitive personal information relating to you, we will do so because either: (a) you have given us your explicit consent to process the information; (b) the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (c) you have made the information manifestly public. If you have any questions or concerns about the legal basis upon which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at . Disclosures of Your Information In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined above, we may disclose your information to: other members of the Nielsen group of companies ;third parties that provide services to us, such as system hosting, management, and support; data analysis; data backup; and security and storage services;relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding); competent governmental and public authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests; andother third parties as we believe necessary or appropriate for legal purposes. All of these disclosures may result in the transfer of your information to countries or regions with data protection laws that differ from those in your country of residence. By providing us with your information and using this Website, you are acknowledging that your information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence. In cases where your information is transferred outside of your country of residence, we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect your personal information. If you are based in the EU/EEA, such safeguards might include a data transfer agreement with the information recipient based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers of personal information to third countries. For further details relating to the transfers described above and the adequate safeguards used with respect to such transfers, please contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com .Minors Gracenote understands the importance of protecting the privacy of minors, especially in the online environment. This Website is not designed for or intentionally targeted at minors under the age of 18. It is our policy to never knowingly collect or maintain personal information about anyone under the age of 18. If we become aware that we have collected personal information relating to a minor, we will take reasonable steps to delete it. Information Security We have in place reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures that are designed to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and other forms of unlawful processing while it is under our control. However, please be aware that the storage and transfer of information cannot always be one-hundred percent secure. Information Retention We will retain your information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, unless applicable law or professional obligations requires a longer retention period. Your Choices and Legal Rights You have choices about how your personal information is handled, and we are committed to providing you with reasonable access to your personal information and the ability to review and limit the use of such information in accordance with applicable law. Depending on your country of residence, you may have the right to: request confirmation that we are processing your personal information;request a copy of the personal information we hold about you;request that we update the personal information we hold about you or correct such information that is inaccurate or incomplete;restrict the way in which we use your personal information (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or limit our use of your personal information (e.g., if your personal information is inaccurate or unlawfully held); object to our processing of your personal information;withdraw the consent that you have given us to process your personal information (where we process your personal information on the basis of your consent);request that your personal information be transferred to another organization in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format (to the extent applicable);request that we delete the personal information we hold about you; andlodge a complaint with the data protection or privacy authority in your country of residence regarding our processing of your personal information. If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights described above, please contact us . Please note that we may require proof of your identity before we can give effect to these rights. Additional information for EU/EEA residents If you have any questions or concerns about our collection or use of your personal information, you can contact our EU Data Protection Officer at privacy.department@nielsen.com . If you are unsatisfied with the way in which we have handled your personal information or any privacy query or request that you have raised to us, you have a right to complain to the appropriate National Data Protection Authority (“DPA”). To find the contact details of the DPA in your country of residence, please visit this website . Special Notice to California Residents If you are a resident of the state of California, you are entitled to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Please note that we do not share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties for such purposes. Honoring Do-Not-Track Browser Signals “Do Not Track” (“ DNT ”) is a preference you can set in your web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting information about you. At this time, this Website does not respond to DNT or similar signals. Updates to this Privacy Statement We may update and make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time in light of, for example, changing business or personal data processing practices, technology, or legal requirements. When we make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will amend the “Last Revised” date at the top of this page. The most current version of this Privacy Statement will always be available on this Website. We encourage you to visit this Website and review this Privacy Statement periodically to remain informed about how we are protecting your information. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or Gracenote’s information handling practices, please email us at privacy.department@nielsen.com or write us at: From EU countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen Ireland 14 Riverwalk, National Digital Park Citywest Business Campus Dublin 24 D24 XN32 From other countries: ATTN: Legal Dept.Nielsen 675 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10010 USA Additional privacy information For Nielsen For Gracenote Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use . If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? First name Last name Business email address Job title Company Location Industry Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeGracenote Services Privacy Statement | Nielsen Gracenote Services Privacy Statement Last Revised: April 2021 Gracenote, Inc., a Nielsen Company (" Gracenote ," " we ," or " us ") is committed to protecting the privacy of consumers and handling their data in an open and transparent manner. This Gracenote Services Privacy Statement (the “Privacy Statement”) explains how we use, share, and protect the data that we collect or otherwise obtain about consumers in connection with our delivery of certain commercial products and service offerings as further described in the “Collection of Data” section below (the " Services "). This Privacy Statement also describes consumers’ choices and legal rights in relation to such data. Because we provide the Services to a multitude of companies around the world, including consumer electronics companies, car manufacturers, and media and entertainment companies (“ Client ” or “ Clients ”), and our contracts with certain Clients may restrict our use of data that we collect or otherwise obtain in connection with the provision of the Services to them, this Privacy Statement reflects Gracenote’s general data processing and privacy practices. When our contract with a Client only permits us to process data in the context of our relationship with that Client, we typically do so as a “data processor” or “service provider” to that Client. On the other hand, when we license Gracenote data to Clients or when our contract with a Client permits us to process personal data for purposes other than delivering any of the Services to that Client, we may do so as a “data controller” or “business.” In all cases, we are not responsible for the data processing and privacy practices of our Clients. We encourage consumers to review the privacy statements of all websites, applications, and other devices and services (e.g., mobile devices, Smart TVs, etc.) that they use in order to learn about the processing and privacy practices of the parties whose devices and services they access and use. Where applicable, we require our Clients to ensure that: (i) consumers are informed of the Clients’ use of the Services (although they may not always identify Gracenote by name); (ii) appropriate permissions from consumers for the collection, use, and/or disclosure of their data in connection with the Services have been obtained; and (iii) appropriate choices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of their data have been made available to consumers. Please note that this Privacy Statement applies only to Gracenote’s processing of data in connection with its delivery of the Services. To learn more about Gracenote’s processing of personal data collected or obtained via this website (www.gracenote.com), please review our website privacy statement, which is available here . To learn more about the privacy practices associated with Nielsen’s commercial products and service offerings, please click here . To learn more about Nielsen’s group of companies, please click here . Collection of Data Depending on the Service, we may collect or otherwise obtain data relating to consumers in a variety of ways. In some cases, our Clients include Gracenote’s proprietary software (the “ Software ”) on or in websites, mobile apps, mobile devices, computers/laptops, smart TVs, or cars (collectively “ Devices ”) and the Software gathers data that helps us determine or understand what audio, video, and/or other media (collectively “ Content ”) a consumer is accessing, viewing, listening to, engaging with, or otherwise is exposed to on or in their Device. In other cases, our Clients may provide us with data directly through connections to their servers and various secure data transfer methods. When our Clients embed the Software in Devices, the specific types of data that we collect or otherwise obtain depends on how our Clients use the Software. We generally cannot reasonably (and make no attempt to) identify any consumer from the data that we collect or otherwise obtain via the Software. However, if a consumer is a member of a Nielsen panel, we may be able to associate data that is collected or obtained via the Software with the consumer and we may use such data in a manner consistent with the relevant Nielsen panel privacy statement and membership agreement. Additional details about the types of data that we may collect or obtain in connection with the Services and our use of such data can be found below. Automatic Content Recognition (ACR) Our ACR Software is designed to recognize details about the Content that a consumer has been exposed to on their Smart TV. To accomplish this, our ACR Software uses audio and video “fingerprints” (unique digital identifiers generated by Gracenote for pieces of Content) in order to identify the Content on the TV screen (e.g., a movie, TV program, advertisement, game, etc.).When one of our Smart TV manufacturer Clients includes our ACR Software in their Smart TVs, with the consumer’s permission, the embedded Software collects data about the consumer’s TV, including online and device identifiers (e.g., the TV’s unique device ID created by the TV manufacturer, internet protocol (IP) address, brand and model, firmware version, OS version, usage information (e.g., audio levels), and input source (e.g., HDMI, Tuner, etc.)). We may then make this data as well as details about the specific pieces of Content that the consumer has been exposed to on the TV available to the Smart TV manufacturer and/or other Clients. Music Recognition Our MusicID/MusicID Radio Software is designed to recognize and deliver to the consumer details about the Content that the consumer has been exposed to, such as a song’s title, artist, genre, and/or any associated images. To accomplish this, our MusicID/MusicID Radio Software uses audio “fingerprints” (unique digital identifiers generated by Gracenote for pieces of Content) in order to identify the Content that is playing and deliver details about the Content to the consumer. When one of our Device manufacturer Clients includes our MusicID/MusicID Radio Software in their Devices, the embedded Software collects the Device’s internet protocol (IP) address, which is used to determine the country location of the Device and in which language the Content’s details should be presented to the consumer. Our Software then delivers the available details to the consumer on their Device’s screen. Radio Station ID Our Radio Station ID Software is designed to recognize and deliver to the consumer details about radio stations that allow them to browse radio stations and music while in their cars. When one of our car manufacturer Clients includes our Radio Station ID Software in their cars, the car’s approximate GPS location data (latitude/longitude) is transmitted to our Software. Based on the vehicle’s approximate location, our Software then delivers available radio stations as well as station metadata to enable the consumer to search and find the right station. Studio Data Studio Data provides our Clients a catalog of television, movie and celebrity data, photos and imagery and associated analysis of this information. In connection with these products and services, Gracenote collects and processes biographical information (e.g., name, gender, date of birth, etc.), as well as photos/images and other information relating to professionals in the entertainment industry (e.g., movie and television credits, career milestones, studio, network, etc.). Inclusion Analytics Inclusion Analytics provides our Clients aggregated, deidentified reports giving visibility into the diversity of on-screen talent in programming compared with audience diversity (including across gender, race, ethnicity and sexual orientation), so that they can make better informed decisions around inclusive content investments. Data about specific individuals is not provided to our Clients. Personal data about professionals in the entertainment industry for our Studio Data and Inclusion Analytics products and services is collected or obtained from publicly-available and verified sources, including public websites and various types of publications (e.g., newspaper and magazine articles, press releases, television appearances, etc.). We may also observe or reasonably infer certain information about individuals from the information that we collect from publicly-available, verified sources and/or information that is otherwise present in the public domain. In some jurisdictions, some of the information that we collect and process for our Studio Data and Inclusion Analytics products and services, including information that we observe or infer, may pertain to minors under the age of eighteen (18) (if such information is publicly-available from verified sources) or may be considered “special” or “sensitive” personal data (e.g., information relating to an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, health or medical conditions, sexual orientation, etc.). If we process any “special” or “sensitive” personal data relating to an individual, we typically do so only where the individual has publicly, self-identified as belonging to a “special” or “sensitive” data category. We will only use minor’s data and “special” or “sensitive” personal data in the ways described in this Privacy Statement and in accordance with applicable law. Use of Data We use consumers’ personal data for the purpose(s) for which it was collected, obtained, or provided to us (as described above in the “Collection of Data” section or at the point of collection).In addition to using the data to deliver the Services, we may use the data that we collect or otherwise obtain in order to: operate and manage our IT and security systems, including to monitor such systems and identify and respond to security events;detect, investigate, and prevent fraud;carry out internal business activities, such as audits and data analyses;conduct research for quality assurance and product, service, and business development purposes;facilitate day-to-day operations and financial management as well as any corporate audits and corporate transactions (e.g., a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, etc.); protect the rights, property, operations, health, or safety of one or more Nielsen entities, consumers, and/or others;enforce our agreements; comply with applicable laws and regulations; and establish, exercise, and/or defend our legal rights; andrespond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process/requests and communications from law enforcement authorities or other government entities. Basis for Processing Personal Data Applicable law in certain countries requires us to set out in this Privacy Statement the legal basis upon which we rely in order to process personal data that we hold as a “data controller.” Where we process personal data relating to consumers in the European Union (“EU”)/European Economic Area (“EEA”) as a “data controller,” we rely on one of the legal bases below in order to process such data. Compliance with legal obligations: We may process a consumer’s personal data if necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation arising under an applicable law to which we are subject. Consent: We may ask for a consumer’s consent to process their personal data for certain specific purposes or rely on the consent that our Client has obtained from the consumer. We will only rely on this legal basis in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary (i.e., not necessary or obligatory). Legitimate interests: We may rely on our legitimate interests to process a consumer’s personal data, provided that such interests are not overridden by the consumer’s interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms. In particular, among other things, we may process a consumer’s personal data in reliance on a legitimate interest in: (i) effectively and lawfully operating our business and effectively delivering and improving the Services; (ii) conducting research and producing analyses; (iii) managing, maintaining, and operating our IT and security systems; (iv) adequately protecting, defending, and safeguarding our networks; (v) evaluating and/or facilitating business and other corporate transactions; (vi) managing and enhancing protection against fraud, spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, and risks to which we are exposed (e.g., crime and security risks); and (vii) meeting our obligations and enforcing our legal rights. Please note that where we process personal data on behalf of our Client as a “data processor,” our processing of such data is based on the legal basis established by our Client. Consumers that have questions or concerns about the legal basis upon which we process their personal data can contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Disclosures and Transfers of Data In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined above, we may disclose consumers’ personal data to different entities within Nielsen’s group of companies as well as: our Clients/customers (in connection with the Services);our third-party service providers, including providers of the following services (among others): data analysis or processing; data security and storage; and product development (subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality and security);relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding); competent governmental and public authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law; andother third parties as we believe to be necessary (e.g., in order to protect the rights, property, operations, health, or safety of consumers, us, or others) or appropriate for legal purposes (e.g., in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation or in order to enforce our legal rights). We may also provide our aggregated Inclusion Analytics reports to non-profit partners, including information about diversity in on-screen programming. This data may be provided at the program, network, studio or genre level and does not include any personal data.Additionally, when one of our Smart TV manufacturer Clients embeds our ACR Software in their Smart TVs, with the consumer’s permission, we may also disclose their data, including personal data, to the Smart TV manufacturer Client as well as certain other Clients (e.g., advertisers, data companies, and marketing firms) and other entities within the Nielsen group of companies, and these parties will use the data for their own business purposes (and in accordance with their own data handling and privacy practices), including to perform data measurement and analysis, develop richer consumer profiles, and create and deliver personalized consumer experiences with advertisements and promotions (which may be delivered on TVs and/or other Devices). The disclosures described above may result in the transfer of consumers’ personal data to countries or regions with data protection or privacy laws and regulations that differ from those in their country of residence. By providing us with their personal data or otherwise making available such data to us, consumers acknowledge that their personal data may be transferred to countries or regions outside of their country of residence. In cases where consumers’ personal data is transferred outside of their country of residence, we ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect their personal data. Additional information for EU/EEA consumers Where the personal data of consumers based in the EU/EEA is transferred to a country that has not been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection, the safeguards put in place by us might include a data transfer agreement with the recipient based on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for transfers of personal data to countries not providing an adequate level of data protection. Alternatively, in certain circumstances, consumers’ personal data may be transferred on the basis of an applicable derogation or exemption. For further details relating to the transfers described above and the adequate safeguards used with respect to such transfers, consumers can email us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Children’s Privacy We understand the importance of protecting the privacy of children, especially in the online environment. The Services are not designed for or directed at children and, other than as specified above with respect to Studio Data and Inclusion Analytics, we do not knowingly solicit, collect, or maintain personal data from or relating to children. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from or relating to a child, we will take reasonable steps to delete it. Data Security We have in place reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures that are designed to protect consumers’ data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and other forms of unlawful processing while it is under our control. However, consumers should be aware that the storage and transfer of data cannot always be one-hundred percent secure. Data Retention We retain consumers’ data in a form that permits identification only for as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the various purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law or is necessary in order to resolve disputes, protect our legal rights, or otherwise comply with our legal or professional obligations. Consumers’ Choices We are committed to providing consumers with choices with respect to how we process personal data collected via our Software. This section describes how consumers can exercise these choices. Automatic Content Recognition (ACR) When our ACR Software is embedded in the Smart TVs manufactured by one of our Clients, we require them to ensure that appropriate disclosures regarding data collection and use and related choices are made available to consumers. Consumers wishing to opt out of the collection and use of their data from their Smart TVs can do so by adjusting their TV settings. Consumers’ Legal Rights We are also committed to ensuring that consumers have reasonable access to their personal data and the ability to review and limit the use of such data in accordance with applicable law. Depending on their country (or U.S.state) of residence, under applicable law consumers may have the right to: request confirmation as to whether or not we are processing their personal data (and details about the processing of such data);request access to or a copy of their personal data;request that we update or correct their personal data (e.g., if it is inaccurate or incomplete);object to our processing of their personal data;propose other restrictions on our processing of their personal data (e.g., if there is no legal right to keep using it) or limit our use of their personal data (e.g., if their personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held); withdraw the consent that they have provided for the processing of their personal data (where applicable);request that their personal data be transferred to another organization in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format (to the extent applicable);request the deletion of their personal data; andlodge a complaint with the data protection or privacy authority regarding our processing of their personal data. We will not discriminate against any consumer who chooses to exercise any of the above-listed rights available to them under applicable law. Consumers that are interested in exercising one or more of the rights described above can submit a request by using the form here or contacting us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Because we want to avoid taking action regarding a consumer’s personal data at the direction of someone other than the consumer, only the consumer (or, where applicable, a natural person or business entity that the consumer has authorized to act on their behalf by providing written permission (an “ Authorized Agent ”)) may submit a request. Please note that we may deny a request from an Authorized Agent if they do not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf. A consumer’s request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that they are the person about whom we have collected/obtained personal data (and, where applicable, the requester has been properly authorized to submit a request on the consumer’s behalf); anddescribe the consumer’s request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We will not be able to respond to a request or disclose any personal data if we are not able to verify the consumer’s identity (and, where applicable, an Authorized Agent’s authority to make the request on the consumer’s behalf) and confirm that the personal data that we hold relates to the consumer. To verify a consumer’s identity, we will match data that the consumer (or an Authorized Agent) provides to any personal data that we already have in our possession. Please note that where we act as a “service provider” or “data processor” to our Clients, we depend on our Clients to facilitate the exercise of the above-listed rights and cooperate with them in responding to valid requests insofar as it is possible. Additional information for consumers in the EU/EEA Consumers that have questions or concerns about our collection and processing of their personal data can contact our EU Data Protection Officer at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Consumers that are dissatisfied with the way that we have processed their personal data or any privacy-related query or request that they have raised to us have the right to complain to the Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) in their country of residence or the location where the issue that is the subject of the complaint occurred. To find the contact details of the appropriate DPA, please visit https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en . Updates to this Privacy Statement We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in light of, for example, changing business or data processing practices, technology, or legal requirements. When we make updates to this Privacy Statement, we will amend the “Last Revised” date at the top of this page. The most current version of this Privacy Statement will always be available here, and we encourage consumers to review it periodically in order to remain informed about our data processing and privacy practices. Contact Us Consumers that have any questions, comments, or feedback about this Privacy Statement or our data handling and privacy practices should email us at privacy.department@nielsen.com or write us at: From EU countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen Ireland 14 Riverwalk, National Digital Park Citywest Business Campus Dublin 24 D24 XN32 From other countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen 675 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10010 USA Additional privacy information For Nielsen For Gracenote Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use .If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? First name Last name Business email address Job title Company Location Industry Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy Notice