Apple Education Community Terms of Service This Apple Education Community Agreement (Agreement) governs your participation in and use of the Apple Education Community site, education.apple.com/en (Site). The Site is an online professional learning hub where educators can learn, connect with others to share inspiration and resources, and get ideas for teaching and learning with Apple apps and devices. Through the Site ( education.apple.com/en/gethelp ), subject to availability in your country or region, you may be able to access: the Forum, which gives educators the opportunity to connect peer to peer, ask questions, share Content, and interact with Apple experts; andthe Learning Center (formerly the Apple Teacher Learning Center), which offers skill-building tutorials, lesson ideas, and inspiration from Apple. Access to the Apple Teacher program is available as part of your membership to the Apple Education Community (Community). You may also participate in public or private Apple Groups hosted in the Forum, if they are available in your country, such as Apple Teacher (public) and the following private groups: the Apple Distinguished Educators (ADE) program, the Apple Distinguished Schools (ADS) program, the Apple Learning Coach (ALC) program, and the Community Education Initiative (CEI) program. (All these programs may be collectively referred to as “Programs.”) By selecting “I accept the Terms of Service for the Site,” you agree that you have read and understand these terms, and that these terms apply if you choose to use the Site. If you do not agree, do not use this Site or participate in the Programs. Membership Participation or membership in the Site, Forum, and Programs is intended for Apple users who are educators, are learning to become educators, or are involved in an educational profession or setting.You may not share, assign, or transfer your access to the Site, Forum, or Programs under this Agreement.Certain Programs that can be accessed through the Site may have additional terms that users must accept in order to participate in the Program. These terms are not incorporated by reference into this Agreement, and users must accept these standalone terms in order to participate in the Programs. Ownership of the Site; Agreement to the Terms of Use Apple is the owner of the Site and provides you with the ability to enroll in and participate in the Programs. As long as you comply with this Agreement, Apple grants you a personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable limited privilege to enter and use the Site.In addition to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, all use of the Site is governed by the apple.com Terms of Use ( apple.com/legal/terms/site.html ). In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and apple.com, the terms of this Agreement shall govern. To participate in the Forum and the Programs, each user must have a unique user name and password combination, known as an Apple ID. You may use a consumer Apple ID or a Managed Apple ID provided by your Apple School Manager or Apple Business Manager institution (Institution) to register for the Site. Managed Apple IDs are owned and managed by your Institution. Your use of a Managed Apple ID on this Site is subject to the terms of the Apple School Manager Agreement (available at school.apple.com ) or Apple Business Manager Agreement (available at business.apple.com) and any additional terms and conditions set forth by your Institution. In addition, your Institution may disable or delete your Managed Apple ID at any time, resulting in your loss of access to this Site and any benefits or awards you may have accrued. For additional information on using a Managed Apple ID to register for the Site, please review education.apple.com/en/gethelp . To learn more about Managed Apple IDs, please review About Managed Apple IDs for Education ( support.apple.com/HT205918 ) or About Managed Apple IDs for Business ( support.apple.com/HT210737 ). To learn more about the security features of Managed Apple IDs, please review the Apple Platform Security overview ( support.apple.com/guide/security/managed-apple-id-security-sec049674014/web ). Apple reserves the right to suspend or remove you from the Forum or the Programs, remove any Content that you have posted or shared, or terminate your access to the Site at any time in its sole discretion, without notice to you, for any reason, including but not limited to inappropriate or disrespectful behavior or any of the reasons set out in section K.3 of the Agreement. The Forum, the Programs, the Site, the Site’s features, or sections of the Site may not be available in all languages or in all countries, and Apple makes no representation that the Site, its features, or its sections (including any products or services referenced or provided through the Programs) is appropriate or available for use in any particular location.Any offer for any feature, product, or service made on the Programs or the Site is void where prohibited. Prohibited Site and Program Activities You agree that you will not: Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any Apple server, by hacking, password mining, or any other illegitimate means;Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site;Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Apple’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Apple; Pretend to be anyone, or any entity, that you are not; you may not impersonate or misrepresent yourself as another person or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; Upload, download, post, transmit, share, or otherwise make available any Content that is or may be considered to be unlawful, harassing, threatening, bullying, harmful, humiliating, age inappropriate, tortious, defamatory, libelous, abusive, violent, pro-terror, obscene, vulgar, sexually explicit, inappropriate, exploitative, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise objectionable, or Content that violates the Forum Guidelines; Upload any Content that is misleading, deceptive, unsubstantiated, or false;Upload any Content that amounts to unconscionable Content;Livestream or share any livestream that contains objectionable Content;Decompile, decrypt, reverse engineer, disassemble, or attempt to derive the source code of the Site or any portion thereof;Rent, lease, loan, sublicense, publish, transfer, sell, market, advertise, or redistribute access to or use of the Site or Programs, or any portion thereof, in any manner; Engage in any copyright infringement or other intellectual property infringement, or disclose any trade secret or confidential information in violation of a confidentiality, employment, or nondisclosure agreement;Upload, post, transmit, store, or otherwise make available any Content or other material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to harm, interfere, or limit the normal operation of the Site or Programs (or any part thereof) or of any other computer software or hardware; Combine, sell, redistribute, reproduce, modify, translate, or create a new product or derivative work of the Site, the Programs, or any portion thereof;Use our Site or Programs to advertise, sell, or market products or services to others;Interfere with or disrupt the Site (including accessing the Site through any automated means, such as scripts or web crawlers) or Programs or any servers or networks connected to the Site, or breach any policies, requirements, or regulations of networks connected to the Site (including using the Site or Programs to carry out any unauthorized access to, use of, or monitoring of data or traffic thereon); Harass, abuse, bully, stalk, threaten, defame, or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, or use the Forum, Site, or Programs in a way that promotes, encourages, or makes available information concerning self-harm or suicide, and you acknowledge that Apple is not in any way responsible for any such use, or misuse by you; andPlan or engage in any illegal activity using, involving, or relating to the Site or the Programs Content and Submission Guidelines The Site may display, include, or make available Content, which shall include but not be limited to quizzes, statistics, written text, graphics, lesson plans, presentations, attachments, photographs, music, images, sounds, effects, videos, messages, apps, code, and other like materials (Content). Content for the Site may be created, produced, generated, and/or shared by Apple, third parties, or Site users. To submit Content, earn badges, or collaborate with others in the Site, you must: Have an Apple ID. For more information about Apple IDs, please visit Apple ID Support ( appleid.apple.com ).Comply with the terms of this Agreement.Follow the Content submission guidance in Forum Guidelines ( education.apple.com/en/resource/250009673 ). Apple retains the right, but not the responsibility, unless otherwise required by law, to review any Content, questions, statements, documents, or other materials that are linked, posted, uploaded, submitted, commented on, or otherwise shared by users on the Site or Programs (each a “Submission”).Apple will make a good faith effort to investigate Submissions that are suspected to violate this Agreement (including the Forum Guidelines) or applicable law, or which Apple is obligated to edit, remove, and/or disable by court order or another legal requirement of a competent authority. Apple may otherwise investigate Submissions of its own initiative and reserves the right to take action in response to a violation, including to edit, remove, and/or disable Submissions deemed by Apple to violate this Agreement (including the Forum Guidelines) or applicable law. However, unless required under applicable law, Apple (a) makes no warranty or guarantee to you that it will edit, remove, or continue to permit the display of any specific Submission, whether or not subject to such allegations, and (b) will have no liability whatsoever for editing, removing, or continuing to permit the display of any Submission whatsoever. To appeal a Content review decision, please email education-community@apple.com . Apple may respond to Community-related questions in the Site (support.apple.com/apple-teacher) but will not provide technical support for Apple products or apps, which is handled by AppleCare. If you have trouble signing up for or signing in to the Site, AppleCare service and support can help.If you provide any ideas, suggestions, or recommendations on this Site regarding Apple’s products, technologies, or services (Feedback), Apple may use such Feedback and incorporate it in Apple products, technologies, or services without paying royalties and without any other obligations or restrictions. If you believe that any Content made available through the Forum, Site, or Programs violates these Terms or the Forum Guidelines and you would like to report the violation or make a complaint to Apple, please email education-community@apple.com . In Australia, you may also make a complaint to the Australian eSafety Commissioner. eSafety’s reporting forms are available at www.esafety.gov.au/report . Third-Party Content and Acknowledgments To the extent that the Site may display, include, or make available Content from third parties (Third-Party Content) or provide links to certain third-party websites, Apple makes no representation that any Third-Party Content posted on the Site is appropriate, accurate, or available for use. If you choose to use or access Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, regulations, terms, and other requirements. By using the Site, you agree that Apple is not responsible for examining or evaluating the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect of such Third-Party Content or websites, unless required by law. Apple and its officers, affiliates, and subsidiaries do not warrant, endorse, assume responsibility for, or have any liability to you or any other person for any third-party services, Third-Party Content or websites, or any other materials, products, or services of third parties that users post on the Site. Certain Programs and Third-Party Content may not be available in all languages or in all countries or regions. License Grants To the extent that Apple provides you with templates and other materials to assist or enable your participation in the Programs (Apple Learning Materials), Apple hereby grants you a nonexclusive, royalty-free, nontransferable right and license during the term of this Agreement and your participation in the Programs to internally use, reproduce, and distribute the Apple Learning Materials for the sole purpose of participating in the Programs. However, if an Apple Learning Material is accompanied by its own set of licensing terms (for example, sample code license), then those specific licensing terms shall govern your use of that Apple Learning Material. Apple retains all ownership rights to, titles to, and interest in Apple Learning Materials, the Programs, and the Site, including without limitation all graphical designs, names, icons, user interfaces, and other design elements; the selection, ordering, and arrangement of materials therein; and the “look and feel” thereof. By posting a Submission, or otherwise providing Content in connection with your use of the Site or the Programs, you hereby grant to Apple and its authorized agents, contractors, Site and Program members, users, and/or participants a perpetual, royalty-free, nonexclusive worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights necessary to provide the service.If you do not want to grant Apple the rights set out above, do not send or upload your Submission or Content on the Site. Communications By using this Site and participating in the Programs, you agree to receive certain communications from Apple in connection with the Site or Programs. Apple may choose to contact you through the Site or attempt to contact you outside the Site by telephone, email, or another method of communication. For example, you may receive an email to remind you to sign in if you have not visited the Site for a certain period of time; to notify you of new quizzes, features, or other Content available on the Site; or to survey you about improving the Programs. You can opt out of communications on your Profile page under Membership Settings. You may not use Apple logos or marks except in accordance with Apple guidelines for third-party marks usage, found on the Apple website. Guidelines on use of the Apple Teacher logo are found on the Site. Guidelines on use of other Program logos are found in the related member areas for each Program. Questions about public discussions and posting should be directed to education-community@apple.com . Trademarks and Trade Names When you have fulfilled the requirements for Apple Teacher recognition, during the term of this Agreement, Apple grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, not sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free license to use and display the Apple Teacher logo, subject to the Apple Trademark Guidelines. These guidelines can be found at apple.com/legal/trademark/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html and may be amended from time to time. Specific guidelines for use of the Apple Teacher logo will be provided to you through the Site once you fulfill the Apple Teacher requirements. Apple, the Apple logo, and other Apple trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Site and Programs are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the Site or Program may be the trademarks of their respective owners. You agree that the Site, graphics, user interface, audio clips, editorial content, and the scripts and software used to implement the Site and Programs, including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel,” and arrangement of any Apple Content, contain proprietary information and material that is owned by Apple and protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright. You agree that you will not use such proprietary information or materials in any way whatsoever except for use of the Site or Programs in compliance with the Agreement. No portion of the Site may be reproduced in any form or by any means, except as expressly permitted in the Agreement. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Site or Programs in any manner, and you shall not exploit the Site or Programs in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to by trespass or burdening network capacity. Compliance with Law General. The Forum, Site, and Programs are available for individuals over the legal age of majority in the jurisdiction where they reside. You shall at all times act in strict compliance with all applicable laws of the United States and the jurisdiction in which you reside, and you agree to comply with all local, state, federal, and national laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations that apply to your participation in the Program and your use of the Forum and the Site. New Zealand Law. Apple may take any lawful actions it deems necessary in respect of activity that contravenes New Zealand law, including but not limited to the Harmful Digital Communications Act 2015 and the Films, Videos, and Publications Classification Act of 1993.Such actions may include: removing posts or Content immediately and without notice in accordance with the Harmful Digital Communications Act 2015 safe harbor provisions providing the identity of the author of an anonymous or pseudonymous communication be released to the court notifying the author that their Content is subject to a complaintallowing the author the opportunity to dispute the complaint or to request that the Content be removed entirelynotifying and provide the complainant of the relevant information publishing a correction to any post or Contentproviding a right of reply to any individual affected by any postpreserving a copy of any post or Content to assist with any investigation or proceeding. Privacy When you register for the Site, your Apple ID and the information you provide, such as your school, city, state, and country or region, will be used to create your Community profile and provide a personalized learning experience. If the Forum is available in the country or region associated with your Apple ID account, and you choose to participate in the Forum by posting text, images, videos, or attachments, Apple may review your Content using Apple and third-party technologies to enforce the Forum Guidelines. If the Content you post or access in the Forum includes embedded links to third-party services, data such as your IP address and browser information may be shared with the third-party services. Apple may use cookies and other technologies within the Site. Such cookies enable us to maintain your session and to personalize your experience on the Site, help us measure the effectiveness of the Site, and improve user experience. Cookies are removed if you explicitly sign out. Otherwise, the cookies will persist on your browser. However, the cookies do not track any information related to your browsing activity or actions on other sites. For more information, visit www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/education-community . Term and Termination You may terminate this Agreement for any reason and at any time upon notice to Apple. You may end this Agreement with Apple at any time by deleting your Apple Education Community account. For instructions on how to delete your account, visit education.apple.com/en/resource/250009692 or apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/education-community . Apple may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with access to all or part of the Site at any time, without notice and with immediate effect, for any or no reason, including but not limited to if Apple reasonably believes that (a) you materially or repeatedly have breached this Agreement, (b) Apple is required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or court order, (c) Apple reasonably believes that there has been conduct that creates (or could create) liability or harm to any user, other third party, or Apple, or (d) you have breached the Forum Guidelines. Miscellaneous Modification of Agreement. Apple reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove provisions of the Agreement at any time and to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Site or Programs (or any part thereof), either temporarily or permanently, at any time without prior notice to you. Any changes to the Agreement shall prevail over the terms accepted upon your first access of the Site. You acknowledge and agree that your continued use of the Site or Programs after the Agreement has changed constitutes your acceptance of the Agreement as revised. Apple will notify you of material changes by posting the change on the Site and requiring you to reaccept the Agreement. Such changes will be effective immediately upon posting. You acknowledge and agree that Apple shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or cessation of the Programs. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other party on account of any loss or damage resulting from any delay or failure to perform all or any part of this Agreement if such delay or failure is caused, in whole or in part, by events, occurrences, or causes beyond the control and without negligence of the parties. Such events, occurrences, or causes will include, without limitation, acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, earthquakes, and fire and explosions, but the inability to meet financial obligations is expressly excluded. Waiver. Any waiver of the provisions of this Agreement or of a party’s rights or remedies under this Agreement must be in writing to be effective.Failure, neglect, or delay by a party to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or its rights or remedies at any time will not be construed as a waiver of such party’s rights under this Agreement, and it will not in any way affect the validity of the whole or any part of this Agreement or prejudice such party’s right to take subsequent action. No exercise or enforcement by either party of any right or remedy under this Agreement will preclude the enforcement by such party of any other right or remedy under this Agreement or that such party is entitled by law to enforce. Limitation of Liability. You understand and agree that the Site and Programs are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis and that Apple does not make any specific commitments or warranties, guarantees, or conditions about the Site and/or Programs.Except where prohibited by law, in no event will Apple be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, or punitive damages, or for any lost profits, even if Apple has been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses. This includes if and/or when Apple deletes your Content, information, or account. If, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, Apple is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss that arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or your participation in the Programs, Apple liability shall in no event exceed the greater of US$100.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude either party’s liability for (i) fraud; (ii) death or personal injury caused by its negligence; (iii) any breach of any implied term that Apple has title to the Site and Programs, or any analogous laws under applicable law; and (iv) any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. In the event of any controversy or dispute between Apple and you arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, the parties shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. If we are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days), then either party may submit such controversy or dispute to mediation. If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under applicable law. You agree that in that event, all disputes will be resolved in the state and federal courts in Santa Clara County, California; agree to the personal jurisdiction of that venue; and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. The preceding provision regarding venue does not apply to the extent that you are a consumer based in the European Union. To the extent that you are a consumer based in the European Union, you may make a claim in the courts of the country or region where you reside. Any claim under this Agreement must be brought within three (3) years after the cause of action arises or such claim or cause may be deemed barred. Claims made under the separate terms and conditions of purchase for goods and services are not subject to this limitation. No recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket expenses, except that the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorney fees. Severability. If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, it shall be deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement. Choice of Language (Canada) The parties to this Agreement confirm that it is their express wish that this Agreement and all other documents, terms, conditions, policies, and notices relating hereto have been and shall be drawn up in the English language only. The parties to this Agreement agree that they have had the opportunity to review the French version of this Agreement before reviewing the English version. Les parties au présent Accord confirment qu'elles souhaitent expressément que le présent Accord, ainsi que tous les autres documents, termes, conditions, politiques et avis relatifs aux présentes, ont été et seront rédigés en langue anglaise uniquement. Les parties au présent accord conviennent également qu'elles ont eu l'occasion d'examiner la version française du présent accord avant d'examiner la version anglaise. If you have any questions, please let us know.Contact us by email at education-community@apple.com . Apple as used herein means: Apple Inc., located at One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California 95014, for users in the United States, including Puerto Rico;Apple Canada Inc., located at 120 Bremner Blvd., Suite 1600, Toronto Ontario M5J 0A8, Canada for users in Canada;Apple Services LATAM LLC, located at 1 Alhambra Plaza, Suite 700, Coral Gables, Florida, for users in Mexico, Central or South America, or any Caribbean country or territory (excluding Puerto Rico); iTunes K.K., located at Roppongi Hills, 6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6140, Tokyo for users in Japan.Apple Pty Limited, located at Level 3, 20 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia, for users in Australia or New Zealand, including in any of their territories or affiliated jurisdictions; andApple Distribution International Ltd., located at Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, Cork, Republic of Ireland, for all other users. Last revised: August 19, 2022Exposure Notifications Frequently Asked Questions Preliminary - Subject to Modification and Extension September 2020 v1.2 Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved. Overview On April 10, 2020 Google and Apple announced a joint effort to enable the use of Bluetooth technology to help governments and health agencies reduce the spread of COVID-19 through contact tracing, with user privacy and security core to the design. Since that announcement, stakeholders including developers, consumers, health agencies and governments have reached out with questions. This document serves to address these questions and provide more clarity and transparency in the process. 1. What is conventional contact tracing and how does it work? Conventional contact tracing is a technique used by public health authorities to measure and slow the spread of infectious diseases. It requires manually gathering information from infected individuals about the people they've previously been in contact with. These people can then be notified by public health authorities to take appropriate safety measures, such as undertaking self-quarantine and getting tested to break the chain of transmission. While this process will continue to be important to contact tracing efforts, we believe the system we developed can alleviate some of the challenges with this process. First, there is a significant organizational burden from a manual process, as many public health workers are needed to perform these tasks. Second, the process can be slow as it requires finding and interviewing infected individuals and then reaching out and talking to their high risk contacts - all of whom may not be able to remember or know all of the people that they came in contact with in the past days to weeks. 2. Can contact tracing help with slowing COVID-19? Yes. Contact tracing has been used to slow down transmission for many infectious diseases in the past. Each contact tracing effort is unique in some ways as they manage the specific challenges of individual infectious diseases. Governments, public health authorities, and NGOs around the world are starting to deploy contact tracing as a valuable tool for managing the COVID-19 pandemic. 3. How can technology augment conventional contact tracing? Technology can play an important role in those efforts. Mobile devices can be used in an automated and scalable way to help determine who has been exposed to a person who later reports a positive diagnosis of COVID-19. For example, they can be used to send a rapid notification to the exposed person with instructions on next steps. These notifications may be beneficial by alerting an exposed individual faster than they would be notified via conventional contact tracing. They will enable public health authorities to contact and provide guidance to the individual and, where appropriate, include them in conventional contact tracing efforts. Using digital exposure notifications is new and individual health authorities are determining how they best fit into their own public health systems. Exposure Notifications - Frequently Asked Questions Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved. 4. What have Apple and Google announced as a technology solution and how does it work? On April 10, 2020, Google and Apple announced an exposure notification solution that uses Bluetooth technology on mobile devices to aid in contact tracing efforts. The Exposure Notifications system harnesses the power of Bluetooth technology to aid in exposure notification. Once enabled, users' devices will regularly send out a beacon via Bluetooth that includes a random Bluetooth identifier - basically, a string of random numbers that aren't tied to a user's identity and change every 10-20 minutes for additional protection. Other phones will be listening for these beacons and broadcasting theirs as well. When each phone receives another beacon, it will record and securely store that beacon on the device. At least once per day, the system will download a list of the keys for the beacons that have been verified as belonging to people confirmed as positive for COVID-19. Each device will check the list of beacons it has recorded against the list downloaded from the server. If there is a match between the beacons stored on the device and the positive diagnosis list, the user may be notified and advised on steps to take next. To power this solution, both companies have released software that enable Exposure Notifications from public health authorities that work across Android and iOS devices, while maintaining user privacy. Some public health authorities may build apps and offer them as a way to enable Exposure Notifications for users, and these apps will be available for users to download via the respective app stores. In some regions, public health authorities may offer Exposure Notifications without creating an app.If this is available in your region, you may receive a notification when it becomes available, and you can decide whether you want to participate. In both cases, the user will need to consent to the terms and conditions before Exposure Notifications become active. If at some point a user is positively diagnosed with COVID-19, he or she can work with the health authority to report that diagnosis, and with their consent their beacons will then be added to the positive diagnosis list. User identity will not be shared with other users, Apple or Google as part of this process. Exposure Notifications - Frequently Asked Questions Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved. 5. How will the system protect user privacy and security? Google and Apple put user privacy at the forefront of this exposure notification technology's design and have established strict guidelines to ensure that privacy is safeguarded: • Each user will have to make an explicit choice to turn on the technology. It can also be turned oﬀ by the user at any time. Exposure Notifications - Frequently Asked Questions Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved. • The Exposure Notiﬁcations System does not share location data from the user's device with the Public Health Authority, Apple, or Google • Random Bluetooth identiﬁers rotate every 10-20 minutes, to help prevent tracking. • Exposure notiﬁcations are only done on the user's device. In addition people who test positive are not identiﬁed by the system to other users, or to Apple or Google. • The system is only used to assist contact tracing eﬀorts by public health authorities. • Google and Apple will disable the Exposure Notiﬁcations System on a regional basis when it is no longer needed. a. Can I turn it off? Yes. The choice to use this technology rests with the user, and they can turn it off at any time in Settings. 6. Will governments have access to the information facilitated by this technology? The goal of this project is to assist public health authorities in their efforts to fight COVID-19 by enabling exposure notification in a privacy-preserving manner, and the system is designed so that the identities of the people a device comes in contact with are protected. Access to the technology will be granted only to public health authorities. If they create an app, it must meet specific criteria around privacy, security, and data control. The public health authority will be able to access a list of beacons provided by users confirmed as positive for COVID-19 who have consented to sharing them. The system was also designed so that Apple and Google do not have access to information related to any identifiable individual. 7. Where is the data stored and who has access to it? If a user decides to participate, exposure notification data will be stored and processed on device. Other than the random Bluetooth identifiers that are broadcast, no data will be shared by the system with the public health authority unless one of the following two scenarios takes place: • If a user chooses to report a positive diagnosis of COVID-19, the user's most recent keys to their Bluetooth beacons will be added to the positive diagnosis list shared by the public health authority so that other users who came in contact with those beacons can be alerted. • If a user is notified that they have come into contact with an individual who is positive for COVID-19 the system will share the day the contact occurred, how long it lasted and the Bluetooth signal strength of that contact, as well as the type of report (such as confirmed by test, clinical diagnosis, or self-report). Any other information about the contact will not be shared. Exposure Notifications - Frequently Asked Questions Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved. In keeping with our privacy guidelines, Apple and Google will not receive identifying information about the user, device location data, or information about any other devices the user has been in proximity of. 8. Will my data be monetized by Google or Apple? No, there will be no monetization from this project by Apple or Google. Consistent with well- established privacy principles, both companies are minimizing data used by the system and relying on users' devices to process information. 9. Who will create the apps and where do I find them? Public health authorities will update or create apps which users may install if they choose to participate. Google and Apple will make available, as normal, the public health authority apps for each region in the Play Store and App Store. In some regions, Exposure Notifications will be available without an app created by the public health authority. If this is available in your region, you'll receive a notification when it becomes available, and you can decide whether you want to participate. 10. How will apps get approval to use this system?Apps will receive approval based on a specific set of criteria designed to ensure they are only administered in conjunction with public health authorities, meet our privacy requirements, and protect user data. The criteria are detailed separately in agreements that developers enter into to use the API, and are organized around the principles of functionality and user privacy. There will be restrictions on the data that apps can collect when using the API, including not being able to request access to location services, and restrictions on how data can be used. 11. What public health authority can users contact about Exposure Notifications for their region? Google and Apple are currently in discussions with various public health authorities globally to provide them with this technology. Both companies will highlight public health authority apps that use this technology where they are available. 12. How do users report themselves as positive for COVID-19? The mechanism for allowing users to report themselves as positive will be determined by the relevant public health authority and may vary across regions. Some public health authorities may allow users to verify a test result using a pin code, while others may provide different mechanisms for verification. 13. How does the system know when I have been exposed? The public health authority sets parameters to determine if someone has been exposed. For example, by defining the risk parameters based on estimated time the user has been in contact Exposure Notifications - Frequently Asked Questions Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved. with someone who has been diagnosed as positive for COVID-19 and the approximate distance between the users. Public health authorities will set a minimum threshold for time spent together. To approximate distance, the system compares the Bluetooth signal strength between the two devices in contact. The closer the devices are, the higher the signal strength recorded. This signal strength can vary significantly based on factors like how the device is being held and as such this only provides an estimate of distance. Conclusion There are many responses to COVID-19 including protecting the vulnerable, building new protocols for daily life to reduce transmission, and containing inevitable local outbreaks of coronavirus. Testing and contact tracing will be critical to this last strategy, especially, in light of the high transmission rate of COVID-19 and exposure notification can be a key addition to the toolbox of public health authorities. As the response to the pandemic evolves, technological solutions will need to continue to adapt as well so the efforts of public health authorities can be amplified. The technical details of the system are described in more detail in the technical white papers available here: https://www.google.com/covid19/exposurenotifications/ https://www.apple.com/covid19/contacttracing/ Exposure Notifications - Frequently Asked Questions Information subject to copyright. All rights reserved.