Dan.com PRIVACY POLICY Last Revised: 27/12/2022 To view our archived Privacy Policy, click here . Dan.com cares about your privacy. For this reason, we collect and use personal information only as needed to deliver our products, services, websites and mobile applications, and to communicate with you about the same, or as you have requested (collectively, our “Services”). Your personal information includes information such as: • Name • Address • Telephone number • Photos • Date of birth • Email address • Billing and payment information • Candidate information (for job applicants) • Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you. Our Privacy Policy not only explains how and why we use your personal information that we collect, but also how you can access, update or otherwise take control of your personal information. If at any time you have questions about our practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and our dedicated team that supports this office by contacting us at support@dan.com . This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that we can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust. What information we collect, how we collect it, and why Much of what you likely consider personal information is collected directly from you when you: create an account or purchase any of our Services (ex: billing information, including name, address); request assistance from our customer support team (ex: phone number); complete contact forms or request newsletters or other information from us (ex: email); or participate in contests and surveys, apply for a job, or otherwise participate in activities we promote that might require information about you. However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance. These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we thought we’d highlight and explain a bit more about what these might be (as they vary from time to time): Cookies and similar technologies on our websites and mobile applications allow us to track your browsing behavior, such as links clicked, pages viewed, and items purchased. Specifically, the data collected relates to your interactions with our site features or third-party features, such as social media plugins, contained within the Services; Internet Protocol (IP) address (for example, to determine your language preference; browser type and settings; the date and time the Services were used; device type and settings; operating system used; application IDs, unique device identifiers; and error data). These technologies also automatically collect data to measure website performance and improve our systems, including metadata, log files, page load time, server response time to optimize DNS resolution, network routing and server configurations. For additional information, and to learn how to manage the technologies we utilize, please visit our Cookie Policy . Supplemented Data may be received about you from other sources, for example, from publicly available databases, social media platforms, or third parties from whom we have purchased data, in which case we may combine this data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, assess the qualifications of a candidate for employment, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. How we utilize information We strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with, or (3) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes: Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing our Services . We collect various information relating to your purchase, use and/or interactions with our Services. We utilize this information to: • Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services (again, including our websites and mobile applications) • Diagnose problems with and identify any security and compliance risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services • Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems Much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services, and is not linked to any personal information. Sharing with trusted third parties .We may share your personal information with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as: • Processing credit card payments • Serving advertisements (more on this topic below) • Conducting contests or surveys • Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics • Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery • Customer relationship management • Security, risk management and compliance • Recruiting support and related services. These third parties (and any subcontractors they may be permitted to use) have agreed not to share, use or retain your personal information for any purpose other than as necessary for the provision of Services. We will also disclose your information to third parties: • in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or • if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, your information may be among the transferred assets. Communicating with you . We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding products or services you have signed up or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed to contact you based on legitimate interests. You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services. These contacts may include: • Email • Text (SMS) messages • Telephone calls • Website chat You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us and/or our partners by signing into your account and visiting your “Account Settings” page. If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies. In addition, it will describe any options you have regarding the use and/or sharing of your personal information with a co-branded partner, as well as how to exercise those options. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites. Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit. If you make use of a service that allows you to import contacts (ex. using email marketing services to send emails on your behalf), we will only use the contacts and any other personal information for the requested service. If you believe that anyone has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at support@dan.com . Transfer of personal information abroad . If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your personal information may be transferred across international borders, which will only be done when necessary for the performance of our contract with you, when we have your consent to do so, or subject to the appropriate standard contractual clauses. Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin. Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests . We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we may take reasonable steps to notify you if we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process. How we secure, store and retain your data . We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal information we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate. We retain personal information for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law.The criteria used to determine our retention periods include the following: • The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our Services); • Whether account owners modify or their users delete information through their accounts; • Whether we have a legal obligation to keep the data (for example, certain laws require us to maintain records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or • Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to the enforcement of our agreements, the resolution of disputes, and applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigation). If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal information, you can contact us at support@dan.com . How you can access, update or delete your data . To easily access, view, and update your personal information, please sign into your Account and visit “Settings.” To exercise your right to deletion or portability of your personal information, please contact support@dan.com . If you make a request to delete your personal information and that data is necessary for an ongoing transaction on our platform, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any transactions to be completed or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements. ’Do Not Track’ notifications . Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may visit www.allaboutdnt.com . Age restrictions . Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 18. Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal information, please contact us per the instructions below. Non-Discrimination . We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless permitted under applicable laws, we will not: • Deny you goods or services. • Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. • Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. • Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Changes to this policy . We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page, at least thirty (30) days prior to the implementation of the changes. Contact us . If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about our Privacy Policy, or how we handle your personal data, you may contact our Office of the Data Protection Officer by email at support@dan.com . We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days . If you are not satisfied with our response, you may direct privacy complaints to your local data protection authority. Undeveloped BV is the data controller for www.dan.com. Services Learn Company Follow us We use cookies Our website uses cookies and similar technologies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site, products, and services. By clicking ‘accept all cookies’, you agree to our use of these tools for advertising, analytics and support, and consent to ourExcellent 4.5 out of 5 Buyer Protection Program When you buy a domain name at Dan.com, you’re automatically covered by our unique Buyer Protection Program. Read more about how we keep you safe on our Trust and Security page. Next to our secure domain ownership transfer process, we strictly monitor all transactions. If anything looks weird, we take immediate action. And if the seller doesn't deliver on their part of the deal, we refund you within 24 hours. Fast & easy transfers 98% of all domain ownership transfers are completed within 24 hours. The seller first delivers the domain to us, then we send you your tailored transfer instructions. Need help? Our domain ownership transfer specialists will assist you at no additional cost. Hassle free payments Pay by bank wire and get a 1% discount or use one of the most popular payment options available through our payment processor, Adyen. Adyen is the payment platform of choice for many leading tech companies like Uber & eBay. VAT overview Value Added Tax The Value Added Tax (VAT) is a consumption tax applied in the European Union (EU) to all goods and services. All consumers in the EU are charged VAT on the purchase of goods and services. Businesses in the EU buying from a business in the same country are also charged VAT. Businesses in the EU buying from a business in a different EU country are not charged VAT. Consumers and businesses outside of the European Union are not charged VAT. The VAT rate provided on this page is only an example. It will be calculated accordingly during the checkout process after entering your billing details. Price excl. VAT USD $1,000 21% VAT USD $210 Total Price USD $1,210 Estimate in USD Conversion This amount is an estimate based on the most recent currency conversion rate. Price excl. VAT USD $6,490 0% VAT USD $0 Total Price USD $6,490 Lease to own conditions USD $397 Full ownership after 18 months Long term service fee 10 Total purchase price 7,139 Use the domain shortly after payment After the first payment, our system automatically transfers the domain to our own holding registrar to keep it safe and available for you. Once the transfer is done (this can vary per domain since some registrars approve transfers only after 5 days) you can manage the DNS of the domain via your Buyer Control Panel. Domain transfer after the final installment is paid When the final installment is paid for, we will assist you with transferring the domain to a registrar of your choice and changing the ownership records of the domain. Stop at any time You can cancel an installment transaction whenever you want. This is only available for buyers. Sellers can’t cancel the contract, as long as you do not miss any final monthly payment deadline(s). When you opt to cancel a transaction, the received installments will be kept by the seller. You won’t receive the ownership of the domain and the domain will be returned to the original seller. Long term service fee Long term service fee is a fee percentage added when you pick a period longer than 1 year. The fee is included in the price you see in the Lease to own dialog. $1,000 1 - 12 months $0 (0%) $1,000 13 - 24 months $100 (10%) $1,000 25 - 36 months $200 (20%) $1,000 37 - 60 months $300 (30%) The service fee covers the transfer & renewal expenses of the domain, hosting DNS, providing support for years, and the recurring monthly payment processing expenses that Dan.com makes to facilitate this type of transaction. Read more Estimate in USD Conversion This amount is an estimate based on the most recent currency conversion rate. Monthly Price excl. VAT & service fee Monthly service fee, excl. VAT0% VAT Monthly Total Price cdnfile.info Buy now USD $6,490 Lease to own USD $397 Pick the price that matches your budget. USD $397 18 months Free Ownership transfer Free Transaction supportSecure payments DS Seller Domain seller How does this work? Buyer Protection Program When you buy a domain name at Dan.com, you’re automatically covered by our unique Buyer Protection Program. Read more about how we keep you safe on our Trust and Security page. Next to our secure domain ownership transfer process, we strictly monitor all transactions. If anything looks weird, we take immediate action. And if the seller doesn't deliver on their part of the deal, we refund you within 24 hours. Fast & easy transfers 98% of all domain ownership transfers are completed within 24 hours. The seller first delivers the domain to us, then we send you your tailored transfer instructions. Need help? Our domain ownership transfer specialists will assist you at no additional cost. Hassle free payments Pay by bank wire and get a 1% discount or use one of the most popular payment options available through our payment processor, Adyen. Adyen is the payment platform of choice for many leading tech companies like Uber & eBay.We use cookies Our website uses cookies and similar technologies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site, products, and services. By clicking ‘accept all cookies’, you agree to our use of these tools for advertising, analytics and support, and consent to our $6,490 or $397