What makes us different Learn how your website measures up to industry standards Learn how Siteimprove stacks up to the competition See what’s possible with Siteimprove Solution suites Meet the gold standard for quality and inclusion Delight your audience & generate business results Achieve the digital marketing results you want Get your data where you want it Core products Learn & connect Everything from industry trends to in-depth tutorials Meet us online or in-person Your learning at your pace Check out the latest from Siteimprove Browse and download our in-depth resources QA? SaaS? No idea? No worries. We’ve got you covered Center of excellence Learn, connect, and grow Evaluate and perfect your brand Request a free, custom analysis of your website End to end resources that generate results The Siteimprove Partnership Program – Become Our Partner Today Join the Siteimprove Partnership Program Already a partner? Head to our Partner Portal for everything you need to succeed. Search here This website uses cookies We use cookies to make sure the website can function, to measure traffic and to support the marketing of our services. By clicking on "Allow all cookies" or using the website, you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our Cookie Notice for further information about our use of cookies. You may change your consent by rejecting optional cookies in the settings or by blocking cookies in your browser. Open settings Close settings Necessary (required) Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Preferences (optional) Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics (optional) Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing (optional) Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing debug [x2] Siteimprove Google This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Persistent HTML AI_buffer [x2] Microsoft Used in context with the "AI_sentBuffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Session HTML AI_sentBuffer [x2] Microsoft Used in context with the "AI_buffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Session HTML algoliasearch-client-js cdn.jsdelivr.net Necessary in order to optimize the website's search-bar function. The cookie ensures accurate and fast search results. Persistent HTML cf_clearance g2.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. 1 year HTTP _zg# Siteimprove Pending Session HTTP ai_session Microsoft Preserves users states across page requests. 1 day HTTP ai_user Microsoft Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. 1 year HTTP ARRAffinity Siteimprove Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimize response times. Session HTTP ARRAffinitySameSite Siteimprove Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimize response times. Session HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Siteimprove Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Session HTTP CloudFront-Policy Siteimprove Improves website speed and implements content through a Content Delivery Network (CDN). Session HTTP CookieConsent Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP cookietest Siteimprove This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Session HTTP TiPMix Siteimprove Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 1 day HTTP x-ms-routing-name Siteimprove Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 1 day HTTP XSRF-TOKEN siteimprove-org.myfreshworks.com Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery.This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Session HTTP loglevel [x2] Siteimprove Vidyard Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Persistent HTML vidyardSettings [x2] Vidyard Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Persistent HTML CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x2] Cookiebot Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Persistent HTML AWSALB [x2] Siteimprovewww.g2.com Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP AWSALBCORS [x2] Siteimprovewww.g2.com Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 6 days HTTP _x_w Siteimprove Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Session HTTP visitorId ws.zoominfo.com Preserves users states across page requests. 1 year HTTP td Google Registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel __cf_bm [x3] ws.zoominfo.comg2.com G2Crowd This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP _cfuvid ws.zoominfo.com This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Session HTTP ajs_anonymous_id [x3] Siteimprovecdn.dreamdata.cloud This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Persistent HTML unifiedScriptVerified [x2] Siteimprovejs.zi-scripts.com Pending Session HTML ziwsSession Siteimprove Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Session HTML ziwsSessionId [x2] Siteimprovejs.zi-scripts.com Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Session HTML visitorId [x2] Vidyard Registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Persistent HTML ai_session Microsoft Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Persistent HTML object(quot;#-#-#T#:#:#.#Zquot;) Microsoft Registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTML heat.aspx Siteimprove Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Session Pixel image.aspx Siteimprove Registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel collect Google Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel NRBA_SESSION New Relic Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Persistent HTML AnalyticsSyncHistory LinkedIn Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 29 days HTTP #.#-#-#-#-#.ack [x2] cdn.dreamdata.cloud Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Persistent HTML #.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress [x2] cdn.dreamdata.cloud Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Persistent HTML #.#-#-#-#-#.queue [x2] cdn.dreamdata.cloud Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Persistent HTML #.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd [x2] cdn.dreamdata.cloud Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Persistent HTML #.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart [x2] cdn.dreamdata.cloud Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Persistent HTML __q_domainTest js.qualified.com Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session HTTP __q_state_86yvA5d8pDbj3WpP js.qualified.com Pending 1 year HTTP _ga Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.2 years HTTP _ga_# Google Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP _gat Google Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP _gid Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP _helpkit_session Siteimprove Used to implement and maintain form settings on the website. Session HTTP _zitok js.zi-scripts.com Pending 399 days HTTP ajs_anonymous_id cdn.dreamdata.cloud This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. 1 year HTTP auth_content_wp Siteimprove Pending Session HTTP CloudFront-Key-Pair-Id Siteimprove Pending Session HTTP CloudFront-Signature Siteimprove Pending Session HTTP ln_or LinkedIn Registers statistical data on users' behavior on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP nmstat Siteimprove This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. 399 days HTTP sa-user-id [x2] StackAdapt Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP sa-user-id StackAdapt Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML sa-user-id-v2 StackAdapt Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML sa-user-id-v2 [x2] StackAdapt Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP seenArticlesArray Siteimprove Pending Session HTML sj_csrftoken Siteimprove Pending 1 year HTTP events_distinct_id www.g2.com Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behavior for statistical purposes. Session HTTP bscookie [x2] LinkedIn This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP _uetsid [x3] Siteimprove Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetsid_exp [x3] Siteimprove Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML _uetvid [x3] Siteimprove Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML _uetvid_exp [x3] Siteimprove Microsoft Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML ajs_group_id [x3] Siteimprovecdn.dreamdata.cloud Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Persistent HTML ajs_group_properties [x3] Siteimprovecdn.dreamdata.cloud Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Persistent HTML ajs_user_id [x3] Siteimprovecdn.dreamdata.cloud Collects data on visitors' preferences and behavior on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Persistent HTML ajs_user_traits [x3] Siteimprovecdn.dreamdata.cloud Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Persistent HTML 6suuid b.6sc.co Registers user behavior and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. 399 days HTTP v1/beacon/img.gif b.6sc.co Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session Pixel MUID Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. 1 year HTTP IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.1 year HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Google Collects data on visitor behavior from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP fr Meta Platforms, Inc. Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _g2_session_id g2.com Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behavior for statistical purposes. Session HTTP ads/ga-audiences Google Pending Session Pixel CONSENT [x2] Google YouTube Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. 2 years HTTP pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/928785810/ Google Pending Session Pixel bcookie LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP li_gc LinkedIn Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 179 days HTTP li_sugr LinkedIn Collects data on user behavior and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc LinkedIn Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory LinkedIn Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 29 days HTTP lpv# Pardot Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. 1 day HTTP pardot [x2] Pardot Siteimprove Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session HTTP visitor_id# [x2] Pardot Google Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. 1 year HTTP visitor_id#-hash [x2] Pardot Google Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. 1 year HTTP {"words":[#,#,#,#,#],"sigBytes":20} Vidyard Pending Persistent HTML #-#-#-#-# Siteimprove Pending Persistent HTML __tld__ cdn.dreamdata.cloud Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Session HTTP _an_uid j.6sc.co Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 6 days HTTP _fbp Meta Platforms, Inc. Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _fw_crm_v Siteimprove Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. 1 year HTTP _gcl_au Google Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP _gd_session j.6sc.co Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 day HTTP _gd_svisitor j.6sc.co Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 400 days HTTP _gd_visitor j.6sc.co Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.399 days HTTP _uetsid Microsoft Collects data on visitor behavior from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 1 day HTTP _uetvid Microsoft Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP ajs%3Acookies cdn.dreamdata.cloud Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. 1 year HTTP ajs%3Atest cdn.dreamdata.cloud Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. 1 year HTTP ajs_group_id cdn.dreamdata.cloud This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. 1 year HTTP ajs_user_id cdn.dreamdata.cloud This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. 1 year HTTP _session_id G2Crowd Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites. 13 days HTTP i/jot/embeds Twitter Inc. Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Session Pixel VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YouTube Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 179 days HTTP YSC YouTube Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-cast-available YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name YouTube Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML {"words":[148702440,-98145216,-1915338712,-531538383,1307310836],"sigBytes":20} Vidyard Pending Persistent HTML {"words":[-1793172818,-2000130784,1769917851,-1605121882,-594889107],"sigBytes":20} Vidyard Pending Persistent HTML {"words":[-583551354,-273424998,1544499617,686485080,610168569],"sigBytes":20} Vidyard Pending Persistent HTML {"words":[596346201,-1306297720,-1362621966,278387267,-470065039],"sigBytes":20} Vidyard Pending Persistent HTML {"words":[735032171,-823721963,-1474471479,-409326954,1600426597],"sigBytes":20} Vidyard Pending Persistent HTML About Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to track website visitors for different purposes, such as making a user’s experience more efficient. Without your consent, we may only store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. All other types of cookies used require your consent. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. Please read our Cookie Notice and Privacy Policy for further information about our use of cookies and personal data. Privacy and security Privacy and security information and resources related to Siteimprove products and services. Privacy Security CSA Security, Trust & Assurance Registry (STAR) Program The CSA Security, Trust & Assurance Registry (CSA STAR) is one of the industry’s most powerful programs for security assurance in the cloud that encompasses key principles of transparency, rigorous auditing and harmonization of standard, helping customers and potential customers assess the security level of cloud offerings.As a result of Siteimprove’s commitment to security, we have been listed since 2018 CSA STAR Level One self-assessment (Consensus Assessments Initiative Questionnaire, CAIQ) Follow Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Youtube Products Company Careers Support Siteimprove is a registered trademark of Siteimprove A/S - All rights reserved. 2023Privacy Notice Leadfeeder Privacy Notice. On this page, we’ll cover: Related articles: Overview This document is in effect since the beginning of August 2019. This Privacy Notice details what information we collect about you, how we use it and what are your rights and choices. In this document “Leadfeeder” refers to Dealfront Finland Oy which is a Finnish limited company (company ID 2457101-9). By “Service” we mean the Leadfeeder service as detailed by our Terms and Conditions . User Data We collect information from our Service users and visitors to our website. The information is collected in order to provide the Service. More information is available below in this section How are we using the data . User-provided information From users who sign-in to our Service we collect the following information: Email address Required in order to sign in to the Service Name Optional Phone number Optional Country Optional Team role Optional Billing and payment information Required for premium subscriptions Messages with our support and sales Required for customer support. We retain in-app chat and email messages between you and our staff User information from integrated tools Required if integrations enabled. CRM and chat tool user names and details Automatically collected information If you are visiting our websites or accessing our applications, we collect the following information provided by your browser or mobile device: Pages accessedTime of visitTime of last visitName of the owner of the IP addressReverse domain of the IP addressReferring site, application, or service, including the relevant search queries that led you to Leadfeeder’s websiteBrowser informationOperating system and device informationIP address (from users signing in to the service, for security purposes) Cookies and tracking We use cookies on our websites and applications. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site or service provider's systems to recognize your browser, capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site and application traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experience and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. Cookies are also used to store current session/login information for the Service. Read more about use of cookies and tracking from our cookies and tracking documentation . Open settings to adjust the cookies used on our website. How are we using the data We use User Data: To provide the Service. We use User Data in delivery, maintenance and enhancement of the Service, to provide support and to prevent or address technical or security issues. To communicate with you We may send you service-related messages and notifications. These include notifications that are part of the service. You can fully control what and when to receive these types of notifications. We also send administrative messages regarding your Leadfeeder subscriptions, technical status updates and other related notifications. We may also send you messages or call you regarding new product features and helpful tips on using the product and to offer training and support. You can opt-out from such messages and calls at any time. For payments and billing We collect payment and billing data from Leadfeeder Premium customers for fulfilment of payments for the Service. For improvement of the Service and analytics To help improve the Service, our website and to develop new features and functionality we collect and analyse usage information. Processing User Data for analytics purposes is done in aggregated or anonymised form. Legal basis We process User Data only where: Processing User Data is necessary for providing the Service.Processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.Processing is in legitimate interests of Leadfeeder, but not in conflict of our users' rights. Your rights If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter or other promotional messages, you can opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included on such messages. You can request a copy, correction or deletion of your personal data by emailing privacy@leadfeeder.com . We will respond to your request within 30 days. You can object to our processing of your personal data at any time. For any requests or concerns, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@leadfeeder.com . If you are unsatisfied with the response you have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority. Security At Leadfeeder, we take security seriously, and implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your data.You can read more about security practises in our dedicated and up-to-date security documentation . Location We store our data in Amazon Web Services (https://aws.amazon.com) data centres in the USA and Ireland. As the data is transferred to outside the EU, we need to make sure that the data recipients are bound by data privacy responsibilities as stringent as those in force in the EU. To ensure this, we have an EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses agreement in place with Amazon Web Services, as a part of our Data Processing Agreement with them. Sharing and Disclosure We do not share or disclose information to third parties except in the following situations: User instructions or consent Information may be disclosed to third-parties if we are explicitly instructed to do so by the user, or by user consent. Third-party service providers We may engage third-party companies service providers or business partners to process our data and to support our business. These include for example server and hosting providers, payment processors and customer service and management tools. We ensure that these third parties process your data with utmost care and in accordance with the privacy legislation. An up-to-date list of our processors is available on request from privacy@leadfeeder.com . Change of ownership We may disclose User Data to allow a change of ownership of Leadfeeder (including, but not limited to, an acquisition by or merger with another company) and related transfer of all such information to the new owner, in which case any information remains protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Legal obligations We may disclose personal data if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process. Enforcement of our rights, prevention of fraud, and for safety We also may disclose personal information in order to: protect Leadfeeder from fraud, abuse or other criminal activityprotect Leadfeeder rights and property against third-party allegations and claimsenforce our contracts and policiesprotect rights and safety of others Data Retention We keep your data as long as you remain as a Leadfeeder User. You can request your user account to be removed by contacting us at privacy@leadfeeder.com . After removal, your data is kept for 7 days in our system backups. For legal reasons we have to retain certain information for a longer period. This includes such information as billing and payments data. Compliance EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) As an EU based company with thousands of customers in the EU, we are committed to EU General Data Protection Regulation. You can read about our GDPR compliance here . Information Regarding Children and Youth We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Changes to this Privacy Notice We will notify Leadfeeder users of any non-trivial changes to this Privacy Notice via email. Data Protection Authority Finnish Data Protection Authority: Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman https://tietosuoja.fi/en/contact-information Contacting us Please feel free to contact us if you have questions regarding our privacy, this notice or practises. You can email us at privacy@leadfeeder.com . To contact our Data Protection Officer, email at dpo@leadfeeder.com . Our mailing address is: Dealfront Finland Oy/ Leadfeeder Keskuskatu 6 E 00100 Helsinki FINLAND Generate quality leads from website traffic Identify. Qualify. Connect. Product Resources Company We're Hiring Other Compare Product Resources Company We're Hiring Other Compare Identify. Qualify. Connect. About cookies on this site Cookies are categorized with a description of their purpose below. You can turn categories of cookies on or off at your discretion. When cookies that have previously been allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser. Necessary cookies Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled. Preferences Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme. Analytical cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them.When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser. Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration. Necessary cookies Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled. intercom-session- .leadfeeder.com 7 days This is an anonymous visitor identification cookie. intercom-id- .leadfeeder.com 270 days, 1 hour Used to keep track of sessions, logins, and conversations. lf_is_user .leadfeeder.com 1000 days Used to authenticate the logged in user in the leadfeeder application. lf_userid .leadfeeder.com 1000 days Used to authenticate logged in user. cookiehub .leadfeeder.com CookieHub 365 days Used to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site. JSESSIONID www.glassdoor.com 6 hours General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites with JavaServer Pages (JSP). The cookie is usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. __cf_bm .glassdoor.com Cloudflare, Inc. 1 hour The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption. intercom-device-id-bidodql1 .leadfeeder.com 270 days, 1 hour Preferences Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme. AWSALB www.glassdoor.com 7 days Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual. AWSALBCORS www.glassdoor.com 7 days Amazon Web Services cookie. This cookie enables us to allocate server traffic to make the user experience as smooth as possible. A so-called load balancer is used to determine which server currently has the best availability. The information generated cannot identify you as an individual. Analytical cookies Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. _ga .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 730 days Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions. _gid .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 1 day Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions. _dc_gtm_ .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 1 hour Used to throttle request rate, if Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager. _lfa .leadfeeder.com Leadfeeder 365 days Used to set a unique identifier to separate different visitors. _gat_ .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 1 hour Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate (limit the collection of data on high traffic sites) YSC .youtube.com Google Advertising Products Session This cookie is set by YouTube video service on pages with YouTube embedded videos to track views. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE .youtube.com Google Advertising Products 180 days A cookie that YouTube sets that measures your bandwidth to determine whether you get the new player interface or the old. _lfa_consent .leadfeeder.com Leadfeeder 365 days _ga_ .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 730 days Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics 4 to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions. ln_or www.leadfeeder.com 1 day Used by LinkedIn to determine if Oribi analytics can be carried out on a specific domain MUID .bing.com Microsoft 390 days Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking. _lfa www.leadfeeder.com Leadfeeder 365 days Used to set a unique identifier to separate different visitors. Marketing cookies Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. _fbp .leadfeeder.com Facebook 90 days Used to store and track visits across websites. prism_* prism.app-us1.com 730 days Used to store and track interaction.AnalyticsSyncHistory .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 30 days Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries bcookie .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 365 days Browser Identifier cookie to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform. bscookie .www.linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 365 days Used for remembering that a logged in user is verified by two factor authentication. lang .linkedin.com Session Used to remember a user's language setting to ensure LinkedIn.com displays in the language selected by the user in their settings. li_gc .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 180 days Used to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes. lidc .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 1 day To facilitate data center selection NID .google.com Google Advertising Products 180 days Used for these purposes to show Google ads in Google services for signed-out users. UserMatchHistory .linkedin.com LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company 30 days LinkedIn Ads ID syncing. test_cookie .doubleclick.net Google Advertising Products 1 hour Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies IDE .doubleclick.net Google Advertising Products 390 days Used by Google's DoubleClick to serve targeted advertisements that are relevant to users across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to users based on previous visits to a website. These cookies measure the conversion rate of ads presented to the user. _gcl_au .leadfeeder.com Google Advertising Products 90 days Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data. _fbp .dealfront.com Facebook 366 days Used to store and track visits across websites. _uetsid .leadfeeder.com Microsoft 1 day This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site. _uetvid .leadfeeder.com Microsoft 390 days Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing. _uetvid .dealfront.com Microsoft 366 days Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing. Other cookies The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time. prism_610010136 prism.app-us1.com 30 days prism_610010136 .leadfeeder.com 30 days GSESSIONID www.glassdoor.com 2 hours cass www.glassdoor.com 2 hours gdId www.glassdoor.com 3650 days trs www.glassdoor.com 365 days gdsid www.glassdoor.com 6 hours asst www.glassdoor.com 1 hour alr www.glassdoor.com 1 hour tcfc .leadfeeder.com 3650 days _cfuvid .glassdoor.com Session tcfc .dealfront.com 366 days slireg www.leadfeeder.com 7 days sliguid www.leadfeeder.com 365 days slirequested www.leadfeeder.com 365 daysTwitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.Privacy Policy Effective Date: August 13, 2021 Drift.com, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.drift.com, http://app.drift.com, and http://dev.drift.com website and the Drift mobile application (collectively, the “Services”). This page informs you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information which personally identifies you (“Personal Information”) when you use our Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”). We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may ask you to provide us, or third parties may provide us, with certain Personal Information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, postal address, email address, and employer. We collect Personal Information for the purpose of providing the Services, identifying and communicating with you about the Services, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, improving our Services, and communicating with you about our Services, discounts, and promotions. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services. We also retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, it will be anonymized and used to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you. If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by your employer under our agreement with your employer as required by the administrator of your account. If your account is deactivated, your information and conversations you may have had and actions you may have taken on the Services will remain in order to allow your team members to make full use of the Services. If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services. Every marketing email we send will provide you with the option to opt out of receiving future emails. We acknowledge individuals’ rights to access their personal information. You may access, update, correct or have removed from our systems and records the Personal Information you provided to us by emailing a request to privacy@drift.com or contacting us by telephone or postal mail as further specified in the How to Contact Us clause of this Privacy Policy. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your information. We collect information about you when you provide it to us and automatically when you use the Services. We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website or use our Services (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Services’ functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information. When you access the Services by or through a mobile device, we collect certain information automatically, including the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, and your general location information as described further below. We use and store information about your general location. We use this information to provide features of our Services and to improve and customize our Services. Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our Services. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The “Help” feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie. If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Services and we recommend that you leave them turned on. We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the “Preferences” or “Settings” page of your web browser. We will enrich your Personal Information with additional Personal Information received from publicly accessible sources. We may also receive your information from services you integrate with Drift, from other users of Drift, or from our partners. You may enhance the Services by enabling Drift integrations with third-party products. If you provide third-party account credentials to us, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) will be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. Further, Drift software may request permissions to take actions on your behalf using your third-party account credentials. For example, if you choose to integrate Drift Services with your Google Mail inbox, Drift software will request authority to read incoming messages and send emails on your behalf. Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they use the Services. For example, we receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services. We work with partners who may market, sell, or support our Services. These partners may provide us your Personal Information so that we can contact you. We also may receive your Personal Information from advertising, market research, or data enrichment partners with whom we engage to identify prospective customers. Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, if you provide the Drift Application with access to the following types of your Google data, the Application’s use of that data will be subject to these additional restrictions: The Application will only use access to read, write, modify or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings to provide a web email client that allows users to compose, send, read, and process emails and will not transfer this Gmail data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets. The Application will not use this Gmail data for serving advertisements. The Application will not allow humans to read this data unless we have your affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for the App’s internal operations and even only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized. Drift’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google Accounts will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy , including the Limited Use requirements. We may employ third-party companies and individuals (our “agents”) to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform complementary services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. Examples may include storing data, delivering messages, processing credit card payments, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, managing our agreements with you, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service. We do not transfer data to non-agent third parties. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are under written obligation not to disclose or use your Personal Information for any purpose other than those disclosed in this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding such legal and contractual obligations between us and such service providers, we remain potentially liable for any misuse of your Personal Information. We will only disclose Personal Information when we are required to do so in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send, or by emailing privacy@drift.com. The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you. Your Personal Information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide Personal Information to us, please note that we transfer Personal Information to the United States. Our Services may contain links to other web sites or online locations that are not operated or controlled by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site or location you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. Only persons who are age 18 or older have permission to access our Services. Our Services are not intended to be used by anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. This section applies only to Users located in the European Union and the United Kingdom. This paragraph pertains only to individuals for whom Drift is a “controller” within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the German Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR”): Controller of your Personal Information: Drift.com, Inc. 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600 Boston, MA 02116 Phone: +1 855-266-1567 Email: privacy@drift.com Representative in the EU: Representative in the UK: We only process your information when we have the legal basis to do so. That is, we will only process your Personal Information when: We need it to provide you the Services;You give us consent for a specific purpose; orIt satisfies Drift’s legitimate interests (which are not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for improving, marketing, and promoting the Services and protecting our legal rights;We need to process your data to comply with our legal obligations. We may transfer your Personal Information to Drift-affiliated entities in third parties in the United States or other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we transfer Personal Information of customers in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland to any such country, we make use of European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses. You have control over your Personal Information. Below are the rights you have and the steps you can take to exercise them. Please note that your rights may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your employer are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep, and it may take time for us to investigate your request. If you believe that we are not respecting your rights with regard to your Personal Information, you may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority or by contacting our EU or UK Representative. You have a right to request a copy of the Personal Information that Drift holds. To request this information, please email us at privacy@drift.com. If you believe that any Personal Information that Drift holds is incorrect, you have the right to correct that information. You can change your Drift account information on the “Settings” page, and if you have any further concerns regarding the accuracy of your information, please email us at privacy@drift.com. If you believe we do not have the right to process your information or you object to our processing for a particular purpose, or if you want us to erase your Personal Information altogether, please email us at privacy@drift.com.If you gave us consent to process your Personal Information for a particular purpose, you have the right to withdraw that consent by emailing us at privacy@drift.com. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your Personal Information prior to the withdrawal. You have the right to obtain the Personal Information that you have directly submitted to Drift in a format you can transfer to another service provider. If you want to exercise this right, please email us at privacy@drift.com. This Statement applies solely to residents of California or individuals whose information has been collected in California. Drift has adopted and included this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms used in this Statement that are defined in the CCPA have the same meaning given therein. INFORMATION WE COLLECT In the past twelve (12) months, Drift has collected from individuals, and may have shared or sold (as defined in the CCPA), certain categories of Personal Information (as defined in the CCPA) as follows: Category Collected? Disclosed? Identifiers. Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers YES YES Personal information categories under the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. YES Only name, signature, address, telephone, employment. YES Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). NO NO Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. NO NO Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. NO NO Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. YES In website only YES Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. YES No movements YES Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. YES In video YES Professional or employment-related information. Current or past employment history or performance evaluations. YES YES 10 Education Information under California Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99) Information that is not “publicly available personally identifiable information” as defined in the California Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99). Includes education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, like grades, transcripts, class lists and student schedules, identification codes, financial information, or disciplinary records. YES YES 11 Inferences Conclusions that could be used to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, aptitude.NO NO Under the CCPA, Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records;Personal Information that has been de-identified or aggregated such that it cannot be used to identify an individual;Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: (a) health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and (b) personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. Please note that Drift does not collect any such sensitive personal information. Drift obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly and indirectly from Drift’s site visitors and activity on the Drift website (www.drift.com). Examples: from site visitors, by interacting with the Drift chat bot and providing information to the chatbot; by cookies from the Drift or Customer website; and by event registration forms or pagesDirectly from Drift’s Customers or their agents. Examples: the information that our clients provide to us related to the services or products that Drift provides them (such as contact or profile or user profile information). Directly and Indirectly from third-parties, such as partners or collaborators, that interact with Drift in connection with Drift marketing activities and the services we perform. Examples: leads and sales activities from partners, leads from co-marketing campaigns; event registration; or lead generation. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: (i) to provide you with information, products or services that you request from Drift; (ii) to provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, events or news; (iii) to seek feedback on the Drift products, services or your experience with Drift, a Drift event, a Drift publication or the Drift website; (iv) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between us, including renewals, professional services, billing, collections or other notices; (v) to improve our website or interactions with you; (vi) for Drift product or service development; (vii) as necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Drift, Drift customers and other third parties; (viii) to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, order, or regulation; or (ix) as may be described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without reasonable notice. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION We may disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the third parties, including service providers (as defined under the CCPA), our affiliates (to the extent applicable), and third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with the Drift products and services we provide you. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to not use it for any purpose except performance of the contract and, if confidential, maintain its confidentiality. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Drift has disclosed the categories of Personal Information for a business purpose as provided in the table above. SELLING INFORMATION Drift does not sell any Personal Information or any other data collected or created by its customers in their use of the Drift platform, services, application or otherwise. Drift may sell your Personal Information only to the extent that Drift has collected your personal information for its own purposes (not by, in or through the provision of its Services to a Drift Customer). In the preceding twelve (12) months, Drift may have sold, as defined in the CCPA, the following categories of data: Identifiers (#1); Personal information categories under the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) (#2); Geolocation data (#7); and Professional or employment-related information (#9). FOR AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, DRIFT DOES NOT SELL THE INFORMATION THAT ITS CUSTOMERS OR USERS COLLECT, GENERATE OR STORE THROUGH THEIR USE OF THE DRIFT PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES. DRIFT DOES NOT USE OR PROCESS SUCH INFORMATION FOR ITS OWN PURPOSES.ANY PROCESSING OR SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OR BELONGING TO CUSTOMER IS FOR THE PURPOSE OF PERFORMING THE SERVICES ONLY. SUCH INFORMATION IS AT ALL TIMES THE PROPERTY OF THE CUSTOMER AND DRIFT DOES NOT SELL IT. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES The CCPA provides individuals residing in California or whose Personal Information was collected in California with specific rights regarding their Personal information. The below describes your rights and how you may exercise them. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that Drift disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once Drift receives and confirms your verifiable information access request, Drift must disclose to you: (i) the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or, if applicable, selling that Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information; (v) the specific data points or pieces of Personal Information we collected about you. If we disclosed for a business purpose or sold your Personal Information, Drift must also provide separate lists that: (x) identify the personal information categories that were sold to each category of recipient in connection with sales of your Personal Information; and (y) identify the personal information categories that were provided to each category of recipient in connection with business purposes disclosures of your Personal Information.. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that Drift delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and/or retained. Unless subject to a certain limited exception, once Drift receives and confirms your verifiable data deletion request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records. Drift will notify you promptly if it determines it must deny your deletion request and will provide reasons why retention of your information is necessary to Drift and permissible under the CCPA in such case. Do Not Sell Opt-Out Rights You have the right to opt-out of any sales, as defined by the CCPA, of Personal Information by Drift. You must request that Drift not sell any information you provide to Drift as an individual, either upon the provision of Personal Information to Drift or any time thereafter. Once Drift receives and confirms your request, Drift will refrain from selling your Personal Information. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS To exercise your access, data portability, and deletion or do not sell opt-out rights described above, you may submit a verifiable consumer request by any of the following means: CCPA Requests Information Access and Data Deletion: https://preferences.drift.com/privacy Do Not Sell My Personal Information: https://preferences.drift.com/dont_sell By Email: privacy@drift.com By Phone: 855-266-1567 You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability up to two times within a 12-month period. You may make a verifiable do not sell opt-out request at any time. Any such request must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows Drift to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative thereof; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail such that we may understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Drift cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with Drift. Drift will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you in writing of the extension period and the reason for it. Drift will deliver any required or requested responses or other communications in writing to you by email. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. If applicable, the response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request.For data portability requests, Drift will provide your personal information in a format that is readily usable and transferable. Drift does not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless such requests become excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. If we determine that a request warrants charging a fee, we will notify you and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. NON-DISCRIMINATION We will not discriminate against you or any other individual for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless and only to the extent permitted by the CCPA, Drift will not (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Services after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:privacy@drift.com 222 Berkeley Street, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02116, 855-266-1567 © Copyright 2023 Drift.com, Inc.Cookiebot Privacy Policy Share www.cookiebot.com Last update: March 28, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information. I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the Usercentrics A/SHavnegade 391058 CopenhagenDenmarkPhone: + 45 50 333 777Email: mail@usercentrics.com Company registration number DK34624607 You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to privacy@cookiebot.com . II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA 1. Scope of processingIn principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basisThe processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1. 3. Storage and deletion of your dataIn principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract. 3.1. Data Retention PolicyDue to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account. Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. 3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations. 3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy. III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES 1. Scope of data processing Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs); 1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); 1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers; 1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert. 2. Data processed 2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g.this is information like – Information about the type and version of your internet browser, – The operating system of your computer or smartphone, – Your internet service provider, – Your IP address, – Date and time of your access, – Geographic location, – Websites from which you came to us, – Websites that you visit from our site; We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. 2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan. IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS 1. Description and scope of data processing On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored. Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored. In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise. 2. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). 3. Purpose of the data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. 4. Duration of storage If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. 5. Revoking consent and removal possibility You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case. V. NEWSLETTER When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time. You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter. Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters. VI. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS 1. Scope of data processing You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics.Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours; 1.2 To identify you as a contracting party; 1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com; 1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested); 1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions; 1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you; 1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or 1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.] If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”. 2. Data processed If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed: “Account Data” When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details. “Configuration Data” We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”). “System Generated Data” The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.: In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager. In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, please note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.The UTM parameters allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are: Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website. Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels. Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately. Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better. Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video. The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 12.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers. Aggregated statistical data on End User consents. 3. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. 4. Purpose of the data processing Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. 5. Opposition and removal possibility You always have the option to cancel your account.You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion. VII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/ for information on the cookies we use. VIII. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA. The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law. Your rights under California Privacy Law Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”) You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including: The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by lawRight To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”) You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page. Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right. Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@cookiebot.com . We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements. Response Timing and Format Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request. Children Under the Age of 16 Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16. IX. MINORS Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information.If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com . X. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services. The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites. As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object. We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences: Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller). Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland). Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum). Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum Privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Google my business We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”). We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy: We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts. If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to. We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website. XI. THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites. XII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES 12.1 Recipients of Data Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data. In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us. In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand. If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so. If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection. 12.2 Data Transfer to third Countries As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art.45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations. If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. 12.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland Data hosting for CMPAdvertisingWeb analytics service Consent dataMSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth, Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time for visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland Facebook Pixel – Web analytics service FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) – Web analytics service Device info, IP address, ReferrerURL, Timestamp, Browser info In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Youtube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland Web analytics service Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark Bookkeeping and accounting system Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, AddressOther applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Support system for better communication with you Email address, Any other information provided Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, GermanyData may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,80636 Munich,Germany Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders. Account data, Contact information In the USA (San Francisco, CA)For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142USA CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)Geolocation to show the right cookie banner IP addresses on the end user. Database in the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. bGDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider) IP addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times Database in the European Union GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit.b Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America Monitoring service for cloud applications IP address In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Analytics service IP address,Geographical location In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,Rosenheimer Str. 143C81671 Munich, Germany Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email Emails EU and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Webchat service/chat function on our website All information we receive in the chat function + type of account In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg Payment provider PayPal information, Payment data,Order number, Credit Card information,Credit check and statistical data if applicable,Address data if applicable Worldwide GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b QuickPay (Nets), ApSP. O. Pedersens Vej 28200 Aarhus NDenmark Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4DK-6200 AabenraaDENMARK Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b XIII. YOUR RIGHTS If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us: Right to information (Article 15 GDPR) Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR) Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR) Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order. Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR) Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR). In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “ Name of the person responsible “. You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency. XIV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner. Find out more information in our Data Processing Agreement . XV. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services and our Data Processing Agreement . XVI. UPDATES We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 28, 2023. Click here to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 27, 2023. Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE US Dollars - $ Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Get the Cookiebot WordPress PluginPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguagePrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: