Privacy Cogeco protects your privacy At Cogeco, we know that the protection of your privacy is important to you; we have therefore summarized the key issues contained in our Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy highlights: Identification We collect information to help identify you when you do business with Cogeco such as your name, address and email. Use We use your personal information in our business relationship with you in order to, amongst other things, understand your interests, expectations and needs and improve our services, to provide you with our products and services, to recommend products and services that may interest you, to assist you in managing your account and to protect you against errors or fraud. Security Our security measures protect your personal information against unauthorized access using mechanisms such as encryption technology. Persons with access to your personal information must implement and apply rigorous processes to safeguard the confidentiality and security of your personal information. Choice You can participate in managing your personal information by: Consulting, updating and correcting your information;Choosing to participate in promotional offers, surveys and marketing campaigns;Limiting the scope of information shared. Read our policies: Privacy Policy Privacy Policy We are committed to respecting your privacy. Read our policy to know how we protect your personal information. Anti-spam Commitment Anti-spam Commitment Learn more about the responsible and transparent practices adopted by Cogeco in its electronic communications. Corporate Privacy Commitment Corporate Privacy Commitment It applies to all corporate entities within the Cogeco Group and explains how Cogeco protect your personal information. Want to shop over the phone, find a store or manage your services online? Limited time offer. Restricted to new customers and former customers who cancelled all of their services more than 6 months ago. Our network combines optical fibre and coaxial cable. Available where technology permits. For personal and residential purposes only. Visit cogeco.ca for details. Photos are for illustrative purposes only. A fee of $99 per technician visit for a standard installation or $20 if available for self-installation may apply. Supplementary installation fees may apply for additional work requested. A minimum commitment period corresponding to the offer and billed at the same address is required to benefit from these prices. Pre-authorized debit or credit card payment and service bundling on a single invoice may be required. A termination fee of up to $75 per service will be charged to customers who cancel their services before the end of the offer period. Sign up today at www.hayu.com/cogeco INSTALLATION IS ON US Limited time offer. Restricted to new customers and former customers who cancelled all of their services more than 6 months ago. Additionally, clients must purchase products or services on cogeco.ca with a minimum value of 65$ before taxes. The installation fee is calculated by offering a non-recurring credit of $99 for a standard installation or $20 if available for self-installation. Supplementary installation fees may apply for additional work requested. INTERNET Additional charges will apply for exceeding the monthly data transfer capacity (GB) allowed for each specific Cogeco Internet package. See details . Download and upload speeds can vary with Internet traffic, remote peers, the customer’s network configuration, the use of wireless equipment and other factors. See details . All Internet packages include 2 free installations of Cogeco Security services for desktop and/or laptop computers. Cogeco Security GO with unlimited installations for computers, tablets and wireless devices is available at a regular price of $5.99/month. See details . Wi-Fi hotspots provide free and unlimited Internet access to Cogeco subscribers and limited access to non-Cogeco subscribers. See details . ULTRAFIBRE® Wi-Fi Pods and Wi-Fi Extenders require a subscription to an UltraFibre 40 Internet package or higher. UltraFibre 1 Gig Unlimited : Up to 1 Gbps of total download speed through the combination of multiple devices including at least one wired connection (Ethernet) combined with one or multiple wireless connections to Cogeco’s 1 Gig modem. Up to 940 Mbps download speed can be achieved when connecting to one personal Internet device with one wired connection (Ethernet). Student Offer: Limited-time offer. This offer is limited to students that are new customers or former customers who cancelled all of their services more than 6 months ago and subscribe only to Cogeco Internet. At the end of the offer period, the then current regular prices will apply. Prices may vary with any other combination. 50$ Bill Credit : Conditions apply. Limited-time offer.Applicable with the subscription to the Ultrafibre 360 and up Internet package. The $50 credit will be applied on Internet packages Ultrafibre 360 and up monthly price, in 2 credits of $25 per month over the next 2 monthly invoices. Prices and packages may vary by region. Prices are subject to change at any time. Taxes not included. Available where technology permits. Restricted to new residential customers and former residential customers who cancelled all of their services more than 6 months ago. A fee of $99 per technician visit for a standard installation or $20 per activation if available for self-installation may apply. Supplementary installation fees may apply for additional work requested. Pre-authorized debit or credit card payment and service bundling on a single invoice may be required. A termination fee of up to $75 per service may be charged to customers who cancel their services before the end of the offer period. Photos are for illustrative purposes only.Your local connection™ A world of your very own® EPICO Cogeco EPICO service provides combined access to Cogeco TV and Internet services with a subscription to Cogeco TV, an EPICO 4K Box and a minimum subscription to the UltraFibre 60 Unlimited Internet package with an Wi-Fi 6 modem. Download speed, upload speed, signal and picture quality can vary depending on various factors. Channel availability may vary by region. Selected TV channels can only be modified once every 30 days. The channel lists for the pre-selected packages cannot be modified. Additional fees may apply for some channels and some channels may count for several choices. Viewing content (live or recorded) is restricted to Canada. Channel availability for the Restart and Just Missed features may vary according to the content rights and viewing restrictions. A separate subscription to Netflix® is required. Counts towards customer’s Internet usage. The EPICO app provides access to the TV channels included in the EPICO package to which the customer is subscribed. Some channels included in the EPICO package may not be available to watch out-of-home due to content rights restrictions. Viewing content is restricted to Canada. On Demand requires a subscription to the TV package containing the associated digital channel. Purchased movies remain available as long as the customer is subscribed to the Cogeco EPICO service and as long as the title remains available in the On Demand library. Rented movies are available for the duration indicated on the screen. Beginning March 1st, 2022, all recordings are available for a maximum of 365 days or until the termination of your EPICO service. By default, older recordings will be automatically removed to match the number of hours in your block. Additional blocks of recording hours may be available to add with certain EPICO packages (up to 1000 hours of recording capacity). An EPICO package including an EPICO 4K Cloud PVR is required to download and view TV recordings in and out-of-home. One EPICO 4K Cloud PVR per TV set. Each additional EPICO 4K Box or EPICO 4K Cloud PVR is available at $7 per month. 100$ Bill Credit : Conditions apply. Limited-time offer. Applicable with the subscription to the Ultrafibre 360 and up in addition to the subscription to one or two other selected Cogeco services at the same time. The $100 credit will be applied on Internet packages Ultrafibre 360 and up, in 4 credits of $25 per month over the next 4 monthly invoices. Prices and packages may vary by region. Prices are subject to change at any time. Taxes not included. Available where technology permits. For personal and residential purposes only. A fee of $99 per technician visit for a standard installation or $20 per activation if available for self-installation may apply. Supplementary installation fees may apply for additional work requested. Pre-authorized debit or credit card payment and service bundling on a single invoice may be required. A termination fee of up to $75 per service may be charged to customers who cancel their services before the end of the offer period. Photos are for illustrative purposes only.Your local connection™ A world of your very own® TELEVISION Cogeco TV service requires the rental of an HD digital receiver with a minimum subscription to the Basic Channels package. Channel availability may vary by region. TV packages and selected channels can only be modified once every 30 days. Additional fees may apply for some channels and some channels may count for many choices. The channel lists of the pre-selected packages cannot be modified. Requirements to watch 4K: (i) a 4K TV and 4K receiver, (ii) a subscription to the SD/HD channels corresponding to the 4K channels. 4K not available with all channels. Access to the mobile apps requires a subscription to the TV package containing the associated digital channel.The content viewed on mobile apps requires bandwidth, which is included in the customer's Internet or cellular data package. Additional usage fees may apply if the customer exceeds the monthly data transfer capacity (GB) included in his package. Viewing content is restricted to Canada. TiVo service from Cogeco requires: (i) the rental of a TiVo receiver, (ii) an Wi-Fi 6 modem, and (iii) a subscription to Cogeco Internet and (iv) a TV package. Each additional TV set combined with a TiVo PVR requires the rental of a TiVo HD receiver. Installation charges may apply for additional outlets. Data traffic consumed between the TiVo boxes and the Internet to supply programming information counts towards customer’s Internet usage. Additional usage fees may apply if the customer exceeds the monthly data transfer capacity (GB) included in the package. Viewing content is restricted to Canada. TiVo®. Apple®. YouTube®. What's Love Got to Do with It? → © 2023 Mongrel Media - All Rights Reserved. Transformers: Le réveil des bêtes → ©2023 Par. Pics. TM Hasbro. Joy Ride → © 2023 Lions Gate Entertainment Inc. All Rights Reserved. New Cx: The offer on Crave expires September 30, 2023 and includes a monthly savings of $20 for 2 consecutive months for new Cogeco TV customers who subscribe to Crave or $25 for 2 consecutive months for new Cogeco TV customers subscribed to Crave with Starz. At the end of the period of this offer, the then-current price of the package will apply. The regular price of the package may change at any time, including during the subscription period. This offer is only for new Cogeco TV subscribers who sign up to Crave or Crave with Starz. Each eligible customer can only benefit from the offer once during the offer period. Prices may vary for any other combination. Crave and Crave with Starz requires a subscription to a new Cogeco TV package, an Internet connection and access to the Crave app. Counts towards customer’s Internet usage. Content viewing is restricted to Canada. Customer must be a new TV Cogeco customer (a customer who has not been a Cogeco TV customer in the 120 days prior to receiving the present offer) HOME PHONE Phone equipment must stay at the same address where it was initially installed in order to allow 911 to associate the call with the correct address in the event of an emergency. 100$ Bill Credit : Conditions apply. Limited-time offer. Applicable with the subscription to the Ultrafibre 360 and up in addition to the subscription to one or two other selected Cogeco services at the same time. The $100 credit will be applied on Internet packages Ultrafibre 360 and up, in 4 credits of $25 per month over the next 4 monthly invoices. Prices and packages may vary by region. Prices are subject to change at any time. Taxes not included. Available where technology permits. For personal and residential purposes only. A fee of $99 per technician visit for a standard installation or $20 per activation if available for self-installation may apply. Supplementary installation fees may apply for additional work requested. Pre-authorized debit or credit card payment and service bundling on a single invoice may be required. A termination fee of up to $75 per service may be charged to customers who cancel their services before the end of the offer period. Photos are for illustrative purposes only.Your local connection™ A world of your very own® HOME PHONE EQUIPMENT New generation Phone Equipment does not include an external backup battery. Batteries can be purchased separately for certain models (Hitron CODA-4589 and Arris TG3452G) while supplies last. Sagemcom (F@ST3896) equipment does not include a backup battery. See details Subscription to a Cogeco Home Phone package is required for all long distance plans. Limited to a list of countries predetermined by Cogeco. Additional minutes will be charged at the then current rate, per minute per country, applicable for the remainder of the month. See details . A fee of $0.95 per call for the use of the directory assistance (411) may apply, depending on the phone package. The 9-8-8 mental health crisis and suicide prevention service is not available yet in Canada, but help is still available. Adults can text 741741 and youth can text 686868. Quebec residents can text 1 855 957-5353. You can also call Canada’s suicide prevention service at 1 833 456-4566. © 2023. Cogeco Connexion | Sitemap