Privacy Policy Last updated: October 16th, 2020 OVERVIEW This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how information (both customer and end user information) is collected and utilized by Chartboost, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Chartboost”, “our”, or “we”). This Privacy Policy applies to the websites provided by Chartboost, including without limitation, www.Chartboost.com (the “Sites”) and Chartboost’s online services (“Online Services”). Our Online Services allow publishers of mobile applications to show ads on their applications, and advertisers to reach audiences that may be interested in their products or services (“Customers” or “customers” refers to publishers and advertisers (current and prospective) and their employees. “End users” or “end users” refers to end users of our customers’ services.” “You” and “your” refers collectively to customers and end users). If you have any concerns about this Privacy Policy you may send an email to privacy@chartboost.com . 1. COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION Purposes of processing . Our primary goals in collecting and using information are: to provide the Online Services and the Sites,to administer and assist customers with their Online Services account, andto provide a better experience with and to improve the Online Services. How we process your data . Information about customers and end users will be stored and processed by us in the United States. For more information about the transfer of your data to the United States, please refer to Section 5. Legal basis for processing . Some jurisdictions require a legal basis for processing personal data. The EU and Swiss and similar legal systems’ legal basis for the processing of end users’ personal data is consent for our use of end user personal data and the performance of the agreement between Customer and Chartboost Inc for our use of end user personal data on behalf of customers, or, for employees working for a customer, the legitimate interests Chartboost has in processing such data in order to provide the Online Services to our customers. In some instances, we may also rely on consent that has been given for specific forms of processing. 2. WHAT INFORMATION WE PROCESS a) Information about Customers Registration : During the registration process on our Sites, customers may be asked for certain information, which may include their name, their email address, the company for which they work, their country, and a password. This registration information is used to validate customers when they visit the Sites. It may also be used to send customers additional promotional information about our services. Employees of customers can opt out of receiving promotional emails at any time by using the link provided for this purpose in each email. If customers are entered in a Chartboost promotion in connection with their registration, we will also use their name and email address to contact them if they have won a prize in that promotion, and will ask them for the address at which they would like to receive their prize. We store all data associated with customer accounts, including contact information, applications and campaigns. Contact/Content: On the Sites we may offer online forms to enable customers to contact us. We may also offer customers the opportunity to request specific content, like newsletters and whitepapers we publish. When we request contact details (such as name and email address), we may ask for consent to use these to send information about our Online Services in the future. Cookies and Beacons : A “cookie” is a small text file that contains a string of alphanumeric characters. There are two types of cookies that may be used at our Sites: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie gets entered by a Web browser of a visitor to our Sites (“Site visitor”) into the “Cookies” folder on their computer and remains in this “Cookies” folder after their browser is closed. Persistent cookies may be used on subsequent visits to the Sites. A session cookie is held temporarily in a computer’s memory and disappears after a Site visitor closes their browser or shuts off their computer. The Sites or the emails we send may also use Web beacons (also called “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) in conjunction with cookies. Web beacons are small strings of code that are placed in a Web page. If a Site visitor arrives at the Sites by clicking on a banner ad for one of our products or services, a session cookie may be used. This cookie will contain an identification number for the ad that a Site visitor clicked on, or will contain an identification number for the Sites that a Site visitor was visiting when they clicked on the banner ad. This session cookie helps Chartboost determine which of our ads attract the most visitors.If, after a Site visitor arrives at our Sites and requests further information from us about our products and services, the information provided in that request will be linked to the information in the session cookie. This also helps Chartboost measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Because this is a session cookie, it will disappear once a Site visitor closes their browser. Our Sites may use persistent cookies, Web beacons and information collected in our log files (such as Internet Protocol Address, referring URLs, etc.) about activities at the Sites to better understand how the Sites are used, resolve technical problems, and enhance the experience of Site visitors. We may use a third-party email technology to send emails that customers have agreed to receive. Web beacons are used in those email messages to measure the effectiveness of our advertising. In addition, Chartboost may serve ads on the Sites using our own ad serving technology. In doing so, one of our ad servers will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on a Site visitor’s computer and will use information about their browser and activities at the Sites. The ad serving cookie is a persistent cookie. We may also allow third parties to place cookies on our Sites to track use of the site to enable us to analyze the traffic of our marketing pages. Examples of such providers of analytics services may include Google Analytics. b) Information about End Users Online Services : When an ad is served through our Online Services, we and others may collect the following from end users’ devices: bundle ID, language ID, operating system version, device model, software developer kit (SDK) version, unique device identifier, and IP address. In order to enhance contextual targeting, we and others may collect some screen, audio, connectivity, storage and battery settings and information of devices. In addition, when an end user accesses a video ad, we and others may collect additional stats about videos and video playback such as: start/boot-up information, amount played/session length information, memory on device used for our video cache, videos cached on a device and complete view event. We identify an end user’s device using Chartboost’s internal device ID, which is linked to an end user’s Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID, as applicable. If a customer uses Chartboost’s Post-Install Tools, which include Post-Install Analytics, Publisher Segmentation and Retargeting, we and others may access and collect data such as the following: when an end user launches the app, how long the end user plays the app, and in-app events. We and others may use this information to provide customers with an end user’s usage data, advertising campaign optimizations, and user re-targeting based on a user’s usage patterns. We also receive any of the information described in this section about end users from third party data providers, advertisers, or advertising services companies including mobile device identifiers, geolocation, IP addresses, website cookie information and usage data. We and others combine information about end users with additional demographic, geolocation and interest-based segment data, along with cookie information, including from third-party providers. We and others may also derive inferences about demographics, geolocation and interests based on end user information. The additional information we, infer, access, and collect may determine the nature of the ad that the end user sees. [GBdCG7] If customers do not want to expose end users to behaviorally targeted advertising campaigns, customers can choose to opt out of behavioral targeting by following the relevant instructions as set out on the Sites. 3. INFORMATION SHARING OR DISCLOSURE We may share any of the information described above as follows. Processors and service providers . We contract with third parties to provide some part of the Online Service or to assist us in analyzing our services or information. Chartboost may provide this information to such third parties, or such third parties may collect information from you or the end users on our behalf or on behalf of our customers. We may also share this information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship, including on behalf of our customers, such as advertisers, demand side platforms, measurement/attribution companies, and advertising services companies. The information shared with these third parties may be used, among other things, for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions, cross-device matching, behavioral advertising or demographic profiling, and to provide services on behalf of our customers. These third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and applications. Business partners .We may also provide this information to our business partners or other trusted entities, including on behalf of our customers, for the purpose of providing you with information on goods and services we believe will be of interest to you. Public authorities . Public authorities. We may be required to disclose information about you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and will disclose such information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Chartboost, our customers, end users, or any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. In addition, we may disclose this information to third parties in connection with a corporate re-organization, bankruptcy, liquidation, merger or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. By Your request . We may share information for other purposes if you or our customers direct us to do so or you consent to such sharing. Aggregate or anonymous data . Finally, in addition to the information described above, we may share aggregate or anonymous information about you or end users with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties, including on behalf of our customers. 4. PRIVACY PRACTICES OF CUSTOMERS AND THIRD PARTIES In our Terms & Conditions, we require Chartboost customers to post a privacy policy, to provide and/or obtain all required end user notices and/or consents, and to comply with all applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, but we are not responsible for our customers’ privacy practices. To assist customers in compliance with their obligations under applicable law, our Privacy Policy contains information on the way Chartboost processes end user personal data. In particular, information given to the end users who are based in the EU, Switzerland or jurisdiction with similar rules at the time their consent is asked, should include the following: the collection of their data by Chartboost as described in this Privacy Policy, including a link to this Privacy Policy;that their data will be collected by Chartboost to show ads on customers’ applications, including ads which are based on behavioral targeting (for example: ads for games which are similar to those which they have installed and played before);the transfer of their data to Chartboost in the US under the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses; their rights as data subjects, as described in Section 8;their right to withdraw consent at any time;their right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. End users of a customer should review that customer’s privacy policies. We also do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other third party, and any website or service that links to or from our Sites or the Online Services. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Chartboost. 5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS Chartboost is a company based in the United States. In the context of the provision of Online Services, your Personal Data may be transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to Chartboost in the United States, and to our affiliates and third parties that are based in other countries. Any such transfers will be made on the basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, as may be found at https://ec.europa.eu. For the transfer of data from other jurisdictions to the United States, Chartboost relies on Your express consent to such transfer, as given on your access and use of Online Services, Online Service Interface and Online Service Apps. Chartboost will make all reasonable efforts to guarantee the same level of security, confidentiality and lawfulness for the processing occurring in the United States as You would have in your own country. 6. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY Chartboost adopts and employs adequate security measures to protect any and all personal data it collects, processes and holds on customers and end users. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to your data will not occur, we make good faith efforts to prevent such occurrences and, should they occur, we will take all the adequate and reasonable steps to eliminate or minimize the effects of such occurrence and to prevent it from happening again. We do not warrant or represent that your account or any of your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. 7.COMMUNICATIONS It is our policy to provide communications, whether such communications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to our customers via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our Sites, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our customers. 8. DO NOT TRACK, CALIFORNIA DO NOT SELL MY INFO, AND END USER CHOICES Because the Sites we operate do not collect or use the type of information that is generally subject to your browser’s “Do Not Track” (DNT) privacy preference, our websites do not look for this signal from your browser. Your DNT settings, however, may affect the third-party services we use. You may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser. You may opt out of interest-based advertisements by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from the device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on the device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.” You can review http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices for more information regarding how you may opt out via the mobile platform. If you would like to disable the collection of your mobile device geolocation information, you can make this selection on your mobile device. To learn more about interest-based advertising, and to access the opt-outs of certain online advertising companies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You should complete the opt-out process for all devices and browsers you use. If you opt-out of targeted advertising, you will still receive general advertisements. 9. RIGHTS OF EU AND SWISS DATA SUBJECTS Chartboost recognizes that any individual in the EU, Switzerland or other jurisdictions with similar rules for data protection has the following rights in relation to their information: The right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, confirmation as to what personal data about them are processed by ChartboostThe right to object to processing of personal data about them for direct marketing purposesThe right to have personal data about them rectified, blocked or deleted if the data are incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, outdated or processed unlawfullyThe right to object to processing based on their particular situationThe right to receive the personal data about them which they have provided to Chartboost in a structured and commonly used format and to transmit those data to another controller The right to obtain information about how their data has been shared with third-partiesThe right to revoke consent and have data processed on such basis to be erased. Online Services Interface tools . Some of your information can be changed or deleted by following the process provided in the Online Services Account, unless we must keep the information for legitimate business or legal reasons. If you delete certain portions of your information, your account may become deactivated. Support requests . If the request you wish to make is not possible through our Online Services Interface tools, you may file a support request by visiting answers.chartboost.com and going to the ‘Contact Us’ page. Identity verification . We may request evidence of your identity for verification purposes. We will respond to your request within the applicable statutory term. If an end user exercises any of their rights with you with respect to the processing of their information by us, please use the tools in the Online Services Account to accommodate their request, or, if this is not possible, please visit answers.chartboost.com and go to the ‘Contact Us’ page. 10. RIGHTS OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS Customer Data . The processing of certain personal information about customers that are California residents is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the following rights apply with respect to that data. Right to know and right to delete . Customers have a right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about them. Much of the information about categories of data is already included in this privacy policy. Customers also have a right to request that we delete certain personal information we have about them. Customers may make such a “request to know” or “request to delete” their personal information (subject to our verification of your identity and a number of exceptions) by visiting https://support.chartboost.com/ and going to the ‘Contact Us’ page. Right to opt out .Customers have the right to opt out from future “sales” of personal information. To do so, review section 8 of this policy (DO NOT TRACK, CALIFORNIA DO NOT SELL MY INFO, AND END USER CHOICES). Customer’s End User Data . We are a service provider as defined by CCPA with respect to personal information we process on behalf of our customers about their respective end users. To understand rights end users have with respect to personal information we process as service providers on behalf of our customers, please visit their respective privacy notices. 11. RETENTION PERIOD Chartboost retains information about you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the data, except if required otherwise by law. We may store information for longer periods for complying with our legal and regulatory obligations, to defend Chartboost interests (in case of a dispute), for archiving or statistical purposes in which case we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the information is used solely for this purpose. 12. COMPLAINTS If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or the way Chartboost processes information about you, you can also lodge a complaint to a competent supervisory authority in your country of residence. 13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. Any relevant changes or modifications to this Policy will be notified to You by the posting of a notice on the Sites and, if you are a customer, by either e-mail or other means of communication, as set out in Section 7. If You access the Online Services after the new version of the Policy is published and/or communicated to You, You agree to its new terms; should You disagree with the terms of the new version, You must cease using the Online Services and/or the Online Services Apps. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. 14. CONTACT If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, or have any concerns about privacy, please contact us at privacy@chartboost.com . © 2023 Chartboost, Inc.Resources Resources Limit Ad Tracking (LAT) and its future after iOS 14.5 Monetization March 4, 2021 min read LAT, which stands for Limit Ad Tracking, has been in the spotlight since Apple announced the privacy changes coming to iOS 14. In this post, well unfold LAT and why it matters when IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers) isnt available anymore. We will also be sharing some important insights based on Chartboost data. From LAT to ATT Limit Ad Tracking is a privacy setting on iOS that has been around since the release of iOS 10 in 2016. A user had to actively go into their iPhone settings under privacy to turn on LAT, and when activated, IDFA isnt being shared with third parties.With the release of iOS 14, the LAT setting is instead replaced with the App Tracking Transparency (ATT) Framework . The ATT framework requires all apps to ask if the user gives consent to be tracked through a pop-up prompt, and only if they select Allow Tracking will the IDFA be shared. The prediction is that most iOS traffic will not have IDFA available, so we need to find new buying strategies in identifying valuable users for mobile marketers. Buying on LAT/non-IDFA traffic While LAT itself is gone, the concept of having no access to IDFA under LAT is the same as under the ATT framework. Therefore, testing buying on LAT traffic and comparing its performance against IDFA traffic has been a big focus for marketers and advertising partners in the past months. Through these tests we can learn about how to approach the IDFA-less mobile advertising ecosystem and keep providing strong performing mobile advertising solutions to marketers.Weve worked closely with our DSPs to test and scale bidding on LAT inventory in the past months. On the Chartboost Exchange, weve seen ad spend on LAT traffic increase by more than 50% between July 2020 and February 2021. LAT trends As Chartboost is one of the top integrated mobile advertising SDK in the market we dug into our mobile app inventory data to look at the growth of LAT impressions in the last nine months. Between June 2020 to February 2021, we can see an increase in LAT impressions going from 17% to over 30% of all global impressions on iOS. When looking at the percentage of LAT impressions on our top four countries by impression volume, we found that all of them follow the same global trend. Lets take a look at the average eCPM of LAT impressions for our top four countries in the past nine months. Overall the eCPM on LAT traffic has been as competitive as non-LAT traffic with comparable eCPMs, especially in the last two months as we see marketers testing and optimizing on LAT traffic. We encourage more marketers to start testing LAT vs non-LAT user acquisition strategies as we approach the privacy changes coming with iOS 14.5. The future of LAT We have yet to see how big a share of impressions that wont have IDFA available. For the unforeseeable future, non-IDFA traffic or LAT traffic will remain a key buying strategy for Chartboost and many of our marketers, buyers, and demand partners. Buying strategies on LAT traffic will be further optimized with contextual signals to ensure that marketers and buyers will continue to find valuable users on iOS 14 and achieve their expected ROI.We encourage app publishers to review their waterfall pricing with their ad monetization partners to ensure maximum fill on their iOS impressions, and marketers to start testing buying strategies on LAT versus non-LAT traffic to compare campaign performance and gain insights before the release of iOS 14.5.Don't miss to read our other iOS 14 resources: Check out noidfanoproblem.com , an educational resource hub to help publishers and marketers to navigate the privacy changes coming from Apple! Resources You might like Webinar: How rewarded video empowers publishers an... Generative AI, rewarded video ads, and tips to sup... A UX/UI overhaul, ad format additions, and more | ... © 2023 Chartboost, Inc.