Spectrum Privacy Preferences At Spectrum, we recognize how important privacy is to you. Spectrum offers you choices about the communication channels we may use to market our products and services to you, how we may use your information for our own marketing purposes related to our own products and services, as well as choices with respect to our use of your information for advertising purposes. Please review the Spectrum Privacy Policy for more information about our data collection and use practices. Please complete the form below to manage your preferences. If you prefer to provide your information by phone, please contact a Spectrum customer representative at 833-845-3726. Some choices are only available to you if you are a Spectrum customer or resident of a particular state, so please be sure to accurately complete the Consumer Contact Information below. Consumer Contact Information Are you a current Spectrum customer? Yes No In order to process your marketing communication preference and/or privacy preference, completion of the following fields is required. In order to process your marketing communication preference and/or privacy preference, completion of the following fields is required. First Name Last Name Street Address Apt/Unit (Optional) Not Applicable City State ZIP Code Marketing Communications Preferences Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information for Nevada Consumers As a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt-out of Spectrum’s ability to sell certain information about you to third parties that may license or sell such information to additional parties. The types of information covered by this opt-out include the following: (1) your first and last name, (2) your home address or other physical address, (3) your email address(es), (4) your telephone number(s), (5) your social security number, (6) an identifier, such as an Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, MAC address, or other online or device identifiers, that allows you to be contacted either physically or online, or (7) any other information concerning you that Spectrum has collected from you through your interaction with our websites or online services and that could reasonably identify you. If you want to opt-out, please check the box below. Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information (Nevada Consumers Only) (Please check this box to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.) Do Not Sell My Personal Information As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. If you want to opt-out, please check the box below. Do Not Sell My Personal Information (California consumers only) (Please check this box to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties.) Do Not Share My Personal Information As a California resident, you have the right to opt out of Spectrum’s ability to share or disclose your personal information to third parties. If you do not want Spectrum to share or disclose your personal information to third parties, please check the box below. Do Not Share My Personal Information (California consumers only) (Please check this box to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information to third parties.) Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information As a California resident, you have the right to limit Spectrum’s use of your sensitive personal information subject to certain permitted uses, such as when your sensitive personal information is necessary to perform the services which you requested (e.g., when you voluntarily enroll in Spectrum’s Voice ID program and provide you voiceprint as a biometric identifier for authentication purposes). If you want to limit Spectrum’s ability to use your sensitive personal information beyond permitted uses, please check the box below. Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information (California consumers only) (Please check this box to limit Spectrum’s use of your sensitive personal information.) Opt-Out of Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of Spectrum’s ability to share your personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” California law defines “cross-context behavioral advertising” as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on the consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services, other than the business, distinctly-branded website, application, or service with which the consumer intentionally interacts. If you do not want Spectrum to share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising, please check the box below. Please note: Opting out of cross-context behavioral advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising. You may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to you.Opt-Out of Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising (California consumers only) (Please check this box to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising.) Opt-In for Processing of Sensitive Data As a Virginia resident, Spectrum needs to obtain your consent to process “sensitive data.” This includes personal data that reveals your race, ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnoses, sexual orientation, citizenship or immigration status, personal data from a known child (under 13), the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of identifying you, and precise geolocation data. If you would like to permit Spectrum to process your sensitive data, please check the box below. Opt-In for Processing of Sensitive Data (Please check this box to opt-in to processing of your sensitive data.) Opt-Out of Prior Opt-In Consent for Processing of Sensitive Data (Please check this to opt-out if you have previously opted-in to permit Spectrum to process your sensitive data, but would like to revoke your consent and restrict Spectrum from processing your sensitive data in the future.) Opt-Out of Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising As a Virginia resident, you can opt-out of Spectrum’s use of your personal data for targeted advertising. Targeted advertising means the displaying of advertisements to you where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from your activities over time and across non-Spectrum websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests. This does not include: (1) advertisements based on activities within Spectrum’s own websites or online applications; (2) advertisements based on the context of your own current search query, visit to a website, or online application; (3) advertisements directed to you in response to your request for information or feedback; or (4) the processing of personal data processed solely for measuring or reporting advertising performance, reach, or frequency. If you do not want Spectrum to use your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, please check the box below. Please note: Opting out of targeted advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising. You may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to you. Opt-Out of Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising (Please check this box to opt-out targeted advertising.) Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Data As a Virginia resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties for monetary consideration. If you want to opt-out, please check the box below. Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Data (Please check this box to opt-out of the sale of your personal data.) Opt-Out of Profiling As a Virginia resident, you have the right to opt-out profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you involving decisions about financial and lending services, housing, insurance, education enrollment, criminal justice, employment opportunities, health care services, or access to basic necessities, such as food and water. If you do not want Spectrum to use your personal data for profiling purposes, please check the box below. Opt-Out of Profiling (Please check this box to opt-out of the use of your personal data for profiling.) Opt-In for Processing of Sensitive Data As a Connecticut resident, Spectrum needs to obtain your consent to process “sensitive data.” This includes personal data that reveals your race, ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnoses, sexual orientation, citizenship or immigration status, personal data from a known child (under 13), the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of identifying you, and precise geolocation data. If you would like to permit Spectrum to process your sensitive data, please check the box below. Opt-In for Processing of Sensitive Data (Please check this box to opt-in to processing of your sensitive data.) Opt-Out of Prior Opt-In Consent for Processing of Sensitive Data (Please check this to opt-out if you have previously opted-in to permit Spectrum to process your sensitive data, but would like to revoke your consent and restrict Spectrum from processing your sensitive data in the future.) Opt-Out of Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising As a Connecticut resident, you can opt-out of Spectrum’s use of your personal data for targeted advertising. Targeted advertising means the displaying of advertisements to you where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from your activities over time and across non-Spectrum websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests.This does not include: (1) advertisements based on activities within Spectrum’s own websites or online applications; (2) advertisements based on the context of your own current search query, visit to a website, or online application; (3) advertisements directed to you in response to your request for information or feedback; or (4) the processing of personal data processed solely for measuring or reporting advertising performance, reach, or frequency. If you do not want Spectrum to use your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, please check the box below. Please note: Opting out of targeted advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising. You may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to you. Opt-Out of Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising (Please check this box to opt-out targeted advertising.) Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Data As a Connecticut resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties for monetary consideration. If you want to opt-out, please check the box below. Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Data (Please check this box to opt-out of the sale of your personal data.) Opt-Out of Profiling As a Connecticut resident, you have the right to opt-out profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you involving decisions about financial and lending services, housing, insurance, education enrollment, criminal justice, employment opportunities, health care services, or access to basic necessities, such as food and water. If you do not want Spectrum to use your personal data for profiling purposes, please check the box below. Opt-Out of Profiling (Please check this box to opt-out of the use of your personal data for profiling.) Opt-In for Processing of Sensitive Data As a Colorado resident, Spectrum needs to obtain your consent to process “sensitive data.” This includes personal data that reveals your race, ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnoses, sexual orientation, citizenship or immigration status, personal data from a known child (under 13), the processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of identifying you, and precise geolocation data. If you would like to permit Spectrum to process your sensitive data, please check the box below. Opt-In for Processing of Sensitive Data (Please check this box to opt-in to processing of your sensitive data.) Opt-Out of Prior Opt-In Consent for Processing of Sensitive Data (Please check this to opt-out if you have previously opted-in to permit Spectrum to process your sensitive data, but would like to revoke your consent and restrict Spectrum from processing your sensitive data in the future.) Opt-Out of Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising As a Colorado resident, you can opt-out of Spectrum’s use of your personal data for targeted advertising. Targeted advertising means the displaying of advertisements to you where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from your activities over time and across non-Spectrum websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests. This does not include: (1) advertisements based on activities within Spectrum’s own websites or online applications; (2) advertisements based on the context of your own current search query, visit to a website, or online application; (3) advertisements directed to you in response to your request for information or feedback; or (4) the processing of personal data processed solely for measuring or reporting advertising performance, reach, or frequency. If you do not want Spectrum to use your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, please check the box below. Please note: Opting out of targeted advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising. You may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to you. Opt-Out of Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising (Please check this box to opt-out targeted advertising.) Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Data As a Colorado resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties for monetary consideration. If you want to opt-out, please check the box below. Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Data (Please check this box to opt-out of the sale of your personal data.) Opt-Out of Profiling As a Colorado resident, you have the right to opt-out profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you involving decisions about financial and lending services, housing, insurance, education enrollment, criminal justice, employment opportunities, health care services, or access to basic necessities, such as food and water. If you do not want Spectrum to use your personal data for profiling purposes, please check the box below.Opt-Out of Profiling (Please check this box to opt-out of the use of your personal data for profiling.) Do Not Call By entering your phone number(s) and checking the box below, you are choosing not to receive marketing and sales calls from Spectrum or its authorized representatives. Any phone number you enter will be added to the Spectrum Do Not Call List immediately, but it is possible you might still receive a marketing and sales call within thirty (30) days of the date the number is added to our list. Depending on your contact preferences, you may add more than one telephone number. Please note: If you are a Spectrum customer, adding a phone number to the Spectrum Do Not Call List will NOT prevent you from receiving informational or notification calls from Spectrum regarding your current services; you may still receive those phone calls. Spectrum will continue to use automated dialing systems or pre-recorded messages on your home or mobile phone to communicate non-marketing messages, such as billing notifications, service notifications, appointment confirmations, and account status updates pursuant to our Spectrum residential terms of service and policies. Do Not Call (Please check this box to add phone number(s) to our Do Not Call list.) Primary Phone Number Secondary Phone Number Third Phone Number Fourth Phone Number Fifth Phone Number Sixth Phone Number Seventh Phone Number Eighth Phone Number Ninth Phone Number Tenth Phone Number Do Not Email By entering your email address(es) and checking the box below, you are choosing not to receive marketing or promotional emails from Spectrum or its authorized representatives. Any email address you enter will be added to the Spectrum Do Not Email List immediately, but it is possible you might still receive a marketing or promotional email within ten (10) business days of the date the email address is added to our list. Depending on your contact preferences, you may add more than one email address. Please note: If you are a Spectrum customer, adding an email address to the Spectrum Do Not Email List will NOT prevent you from receiving informational or notification emails from Spectrum regarding your current services; you may still receive those emails. Spectrum will continue to use your email address to communicate non-marketing messages, such as billing notifications, service notifications, appointment confirmations, and account status updates, pursuant to our Spectrum residential terms of service and policies. Do Not Email (Please check this box to add your email address(es) to our Do Not Email list.) Primary Email Address Secondary Email Address Third Email Address Fourth Email Address Fifth Email Address Sixth Email Address Seventh Email Address Eighth Email Address Ninth Email Address Tenth Email Address Do Not Mail By entering your postal address and checking the box below, you are choosing not to receive marketing or promotional mails from Spectrum or its authorized representatives. Any address you enter will be added to the Spectrum Do Not Mail List immediately, but it is possible you might still receive marketing materials within sixty (60) days of the date the postal address is added to our list. Please note: If you are a Spectrum customer, adding a postal address to the Spectrum Do Not Mail List will NOT prevent you from receiving informational or notification letters from Spectrum regarding your current services; you may still receive those mailings. Spectrum will continue to use your postal address to communicate non-marketing messages, such as billing notifications, service notifications, appointment confirmations, and account status updates, pursuant to our Spectrum residential terms of service and policies. Do Not Mail (Please check this box to add your postal address to our Do Not Mail list.) Add Secondary Address Secondary Mailing Address First Name Last Name Street Address Apt. Number, Suite, etc. (optional) City State ZIP Code Add Third Address Third Mailing Address First Name Last Name Street Address Apt/Unit (optional) City State ZIP Code Do Not Knock By entering your physical address and checking the box below, you are choosing not to receive in-person solicitations from our direct sales representatives at your physical address. Any address you enter will be added to the Spectrum Do Not Knock List immediately, but it is possible you might still receive in-person solicitations within sixty (60) days of the date the physical address is added to our list. Do Not Knock (Please check this box to add the postal address above to our Do Not Knock list.) Add Secondary Address Secondary Mailing Address First Name Last Name Street Address Apt/Unit (optional) City State ZIP Code Add Third Address Third Mailing Address First Name Last Name Street Address Apt. Number, Suite, etc.(optional) City State ZIP Code Choose your additional marketing preferences, then select the submit button at the bottom of the page. Additional Privacy Preferences Opt-Out of Spectrum’s Use of Customer Proprietary Network Information (“CPNI”) If you subscribe to Spectrum Home Phone or Spectrum Mobile service, you can opt-out of our use of certain information collected by Spectrum based on our provision of these services to you – this information is known as CPNI, or customer proprietary network information. CPNI includes the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location, and amount of your use of Spectrum Home Phone or Spectrum Mobile service, and information about those services that is contained on your bill. CPNI does not include your name, address, or telephone number. We may use the CPNI information we have on file to provide you with information about products and services or special promotions for other Spectrum products and services to which you do not already subscribe, such as Spectrum Internet. By checking the box below, you are choosing to restrict our use of CPNI for these purposes. Opt-Out of Spectrum’s Use of CPNI (Please check this box to opt-out of our use of your CPNI.) Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads Online Advertising is important to the Internet and helps to offset the costs associated with providing many of its great features. In some cases, Spectrum displays marketing and advertising on our websites, applications, and other digital properties, as well as on third-party sites and applications. When this marketing or advertising is based on your personal information – such as your zip code, information about your current subscription, use of our products or services, or other demographic and generally available information, you can opt-out of receiving it. Your personally identifiable information or exact location is not disclosed to any third-party advertisers when displaying these advertisements. We do not sell or otherwise share our customers’ Internet Usage Information, including web browsing histories obtained through our Internet service, with third parties for their own marketing or advertising purposes. When you check the Interest-Based Ads Online box on this form, your information will be added to the Spectrum Online Ads Opt-Out list immediately, but it is possible you might still receive interest-based advertising from Spectrum for some period of time while we implement your request. Please note: Opting out here will not stop you from seeing advertisements online or receiving targeted advertisements from others. If you change or get a new Spectrum account, you will need to review and update your opt-out choices. Some of the advertisements we display may invite interactive or transactional follow-up from you. When you interact and provide your consent, we may share your contact information with such advertiser for the purpose of fulfilling your request. Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads Online (Please check this box to opt-out of interest-based advertising online.) Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads on Television Television advertising helps pay for the programming that you enjoy. Some of the advertisements you see on cable channels are placed by us. Some of those advertisements are placed in particular shows or channels; others are shown in particular geographic areas, and some are selected for your household because we think they will be more relevant to your interests. When this advertising is directed to your household based on your personal information, including your use of our products or services or information that we receive from others, you can elect not to receive them. Your personally identifiable information is not disclosed to the third-party advertisers for these purposes, and we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their own marketing or advertising purposes. When you check the Interest-Based Television Ads box on this form, your information will be added to the Spectrum Television Ads Opt-Out list immediately, but it is possible you might still receive interest-based advertising from Spectrum for some period of time while we implement your request. Please note: Opting out of interest-based advertisements will not stop you from seeing general advertisements. If you change or get a new Spectrum account, you will need to review and update your opt-out choices. Some of the advertisements we display may invite interactive or transactional follow-up from you. When you interact and provide your consent, we may share your contact information with such advertiser for the purpose of fulfilling your request.Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads on Television (Please check this box to opt-out of interest-based advertising on television.) Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads on TV Applications Advertising on TV Applications helps to offset the costs associated with providing the programming content you can enjoy on your mobile devices, such as the Spectrum TV App, programming applications that you authenticate through your Spectrum account (e.g., HBO Max), or the platforms on which you watch Spectrum and other content (e.g., Roku, Apple TV, etc.). Some of the advertisements you see on these TV applications and platforms are placed by us. When this advertising is directed to your device based on your personal information, including your use of our products or services or information that we receive from others, you can elect not to receive them. Your personally identifiable information is not disclosed to the third-party advertisers for these purposes, and we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their own marketing or advertising purposes. When you check the Interest-Based Ads on TV Applications box on this form, your information will be added to the Spectrum Television Application Ads Opt-Out list immediately, but it is possible you might still receive interest-based advertising from Spectrum for some period of time while we implement your request. Please note: Opting out of interest-based advertisements will not stop you from seeing general advertisements. If you change or get a new Spectrum account, you will need to review and update your opt-out choices. Some of the advertisements we display may invite interactive or transactional follow-up from you. When you interact and provide your consent, we may share your contact information with such advertiser for the purpose of fulfilling your request. Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads on TV Applications (Please check this box to opt-out of interest-based advertising on TV applications.) SUBMIT › Privacy Preferences Thank you, your updates have been successfully saved Resi Global footer text Not all products, pricing, and services are available in all areas. Pricing and actual speeds may vary. Internet speeds based on wired connection. Restrictions apply. 2023 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. Chat With Us