Cookies Search Results: _gid This search has identified a match with a recognised pattern type cookie: _gid . The results below are based on data aggregated from all known incidences of this pattern. About this cookie: _gid The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance Key numbers for _gid: Cookies with this name have been found on 168,701 websites , set by 152,500 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 204,115 websites and a Third Party cookie on 52,518 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 256,502 websites , with an average life span of 32,500 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 131 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Vendor List OneTrust Parent Company Default Category Default Description Privacy Policy Link Cookie Policy Link Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Vendor List Google Analytics Parent Company Default Category Default Description Privacy Policy Link Cookie Policy Link Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label labelCookies Search Results: __cfduid About this cookie: Cookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information. The main purpose of this cookie is: Strictly Necessary Key numbers for __cfduid: Cookies with this name have been found on 119,529 websites , set by 48,674 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 35,039 websites and a Third Party cookie on 307,929 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 342,923 websites , with an average life span of 122,639 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 45 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: OptanonConsent About this cookie: This cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the users browser, when consent is not given. The cookie has a normal lifespan of one year, so that returning visitors to the site will have their preferences remembered. It contains no information that can identify the site visitor. The main purpose of this cookie is: Strictly Necessary Key numbers for OptanonConsent: Cookies with this name have been found on 83,692 websites , set by 74,684 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 97,195 websites and a Third Party cookie on 45,848 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 137,867 websites , with an average life span of 6,220 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 5,176 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCHILI is a European entertainment Company. The first and only entertainment-centred marketplace. CHILI is currently only available in the UK, Italy, Germany, Austria, Spain and Poland. Choose a country to browse the huge local catalogue with thousands of movies and TV shows. TYPES OF COOKIES Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to allow your browsing on the Site and for its proper functioning. They do not store personal information and are set only in response to your actions (such as, for example, a request for services, setting privacy preferences, logging in or filling out forms). Navigation cookies are normally session cookies and, therefore, once the browser is closed, they are deleted. You can also set your browser to block or warn you about these cookies, but as a result some parts of the Site may not work or work incorrectly. help.chili.com First Party pl.chili.com First Party assistenza.chili.com First Party chili.com OptanonAlertBoxClosed , rskxRunCookie , rCookie , OptanonConsent , eupubconsent First Party it.chili.com First Party hilfe.chili.com First Party rCookie, rskxRunCookie, lastRskxRun Third Party __cfduid Third Party Performance or analytical cookies These cookies allow us to gather statistical information, in an anonymous and aggregate form, about how many users access the Site and how they use and engage with it. This allows us to improve the Site performance and services. chili.com _uetvid , _gid , _gclxxxx , _ga , _gat First Party de.chili.com First Party Functionality cookies These cookies allow us to provide you with enhanced functionality and customization. In particular, they are used to store some of your preferences and information (e.g. language, country of origin, products selected for purchase) without you having to re-enter them on subsequent visits. Functionality cookies are often persistent cookies: they remain stored on your Device even after you close your browser, until their expiration date or until the user decides to delete them. If you do not authorize these cookies, some or all of the services may not function properly. pomoc.chili.com First Party Profiling cookies Profiling cookies are designed to create profiles of the user and are used to send you advertisements in line with your browsing preferences. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by these companies to build a profile of your interests and to show you relevant ads on other websites. The use of profiling cookies and other tracking tools requires the prior acquisition of your free consent. If you do not consent to the use of these cookies, you will not be shown or sent personalized ads, nor will profiles be created based on your interests. On the other hand, refusal or withdrawal of consent will not affect your ability to access or navigate the Site. chili.com First Party MUID Third Party fr Third Party ATN Third Party Third Party This website uses technical and profiling cookies, including from third parties, to send you advertisements and services according to your preferences. By clicking on “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to store cookies on your device to improve the website’s browsing. If you want to know more or refuse to accept all or some cookies, click on “Cookies Settings”. Cookie policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to allow your browsing on the Site and for its proper functioning. They do not store personal information and are set only in response to your actions (such as, for example, a request for services, setting privacy preferences, logging in or filling out forms). Navigation cookies are normally session cookies and, therefore, once the browser is closed, they are deleted. You can also set your browser to block or warn you about these cookies, but as a result some parts of the Site may not work or work incorrectly. Performance or analytical cookies Performance or analytical cookies These cookies allow us to gather statistical information, in an anonymous and aggregate form, about how many users access the Site and how they use and engage with it. This allows us to improve the Site performance and services.Functionality cookies Functionality cookies These cookies allow us to provide you with enhanced functionality and customization. In particular, they are used to store some of your preferences and information (e.g. language, country of origin, products selected for purchase) without you having to re-enter them on subsequent visits. Functionality cookies are often persistent cookies: they remain stored on your Device even after you close your browser, until their expiration date or until the user decides to delete them. If you do not authorize these cookies, some or all of the services may not function properly. Profiling cookies Profiling cookies Profiling cookies are designed to create profiles of the user and are used to send you advertisements in line with your browsing preferences. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by these companies to build a profile of your interests and to show you relevant ads on other websites. The use of profiling cookies and other tracking tools requires the prior acquisition of your free consent. If you do not consent to the use of these cookies, you will not be shown or sent personalized ads, nor will profiles be created based on your interests. On the other hand, refusal or withdrawal of consent will not affect your ability to access or navigate the Site. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelCookies Search Results: OptanonAlertBoxClosed About this cookie: This cookie is set by websites using certain versions of the cookie law compliance solution from OneTrust. It is set after visitors have seen a cookie information notice and in some cases only when they actively close the notice down. It enables the website not to show the message more than once to a user. The cookie has a one year lifespan and contains no personal information. The main purpose of this cookie is: Strictly Necessary Key numbers for OptanonAlertBoxClosed: Cookies with this name have been found on 67,666 websites , set by 61,430 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 77,412 websites and a Third Party cookie on 31,057 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 103,163 websites , with an average life span of 22,668 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 5,306 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: _ga About this cookie: This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners. The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance Key numbers for _ga: Cookies with this name have been found on 174,499 websites , set by 160,747 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 235,138 websites and a Third Party cookie on 58,913 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 289,532 websites , with an average life span of 28,042 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 4,519 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Vendor List OneTrust Parent Company Default Category Default Description Privacy Policy Link Cookie Policy Link Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Vendor List Google Analytics Parent Company Default Category Default Description Privacy Policy Link Cookie Policy Link Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine.The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label labelPrivacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: rCookie About this cookie: There is not yet any general information about this cookie based on its name only. If you have any information about this cookie, please get in touch . The main purpose of this cookie is: Unknown Key numbers for rCookie: Cookies with this name have been found on 422 websites , set by 304 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 457 websites and a Third Party cookie on 447 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 901 websites , with an average life span of 2,342 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 3 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: eupubconsent About this cookie: This cookie is used by the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework to store the user's consent to the data collection Purposes. The cookie holds an encrypted consent string that vendors participating in the framework can read and determine the user's consent. The main purpose of this cookie is: Strictly Necessary Key numbers for eupubconsent: Cookies with this name have been found on 33,225 websites , set by 26,852 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 30,725 websites and a Third Party cookie on 21,624 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 52,349 websites , with an average life span of 2,863,958 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 0 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: _gclxxxx This search has identified a match with a recognised pattern type cookie: _gclxxxx . The results below are based on data aggregated from all known incidences of this pattern. About this cookie: Google conversion tracking cookie The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance Key numbers for _gclxxxx: Cookies with this name have been found on 48,069 websites , set by 37,170 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 64,194 websites and a Third Party cookie on 5,786 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 69,652 websites , with an average life span of 65,157 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 328 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: _uetvid About this cookie: This is a cookie utilised by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website. The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance Key numbers for _uetvid: Cookies with this name have been found on 14,592 websites , set by 11,136 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 15,832 websites and a Third Party cookie on 1,690 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 17,501 websites , with an average life span of 279,266 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 21 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesCookies Search Results: _gat About this cookie: This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics, according to documentation it is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes. The main purpose of this cookie is: Performance Key numbers for _gat: Cookies with this name have been found on 67,649 websites , set by 54,187 host domains . It has been found as a First Party cookie on 66,850 websites and a Third Party cookie on 20,799 websites. It has been found as a Persistent cookie on 87,600 websites , with an average life span of 2,766,034 days. It has been found as a Session cookie on 49 websites. Note: Many technologies or services use cookies that will be common to different websites and can be identified by name alone. However this is not always true. More specific information can sometimes be found with a website based search, or you can also follow the links below. This cookie has recently been found on these websites Click on a URL to get more detail about the cookie on these sites. Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR Cookie Banner Cookie Notice Website Scanner Cookie Preferences Records of Consent Do not Track Get started for free. Upgrade anytime. By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View Cookies