Privacy Policy Cineplex Entertainment Limited Partnership: Guest Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") Effective Date: June 1, 2023 At Cineplex Entertainment Limited Partnership, we share your concerns about the privacy and protection of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the steps we have taken and our practices regarding the protection of your Personal Information (as defined below). This Privacy Policy applies to Cineplex Entertainment Limited Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiaries, affiliates, and related entities (collectively, “Cineplex” or “our”, “we”, or “us”). The contents of this Privacy Policy are intended to be read and understood in accordance and compliance with all applicable privacy laws, statutes, and regulations in the jurisdictions where Cineplex operates. Please note the following entities and websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy: SCENE GP, SCENEPLUS.ca, Player One Amusement Group Inc. and WinWithP1AG.com. If you have not already done so, we encourage you to familiarize yourself with this Privacy Policy before using any Cineplex website, automated kiosk, or application (collectively the "Applications” and/or “Websites"), purchasing Cineplex products or services, applying for an employment opportunity with Cineplex, or visiting our physical locations. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform our visitors, guests, job applicants, customers and other individuals with whom we deal ("you" and "your") about how we collect, use, share and protect Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use, sharing and protection of your Personal Information by Cineplex. Your dealings with Cineplex and all of its associated brands (Cineplex Cinemas, Cineplex Odeon, Cineplex Digital Media, Famous Players, Galaxy, SilverCity, StarCité, Colossus, Coliseum, Colisée, Scotiabank Theatre, Cinema City, Playdium, The Rec Room and Cineplex Junxion) are also governed by this Privacy Policy. Your use of our Applications and Websites is further governed under the applicable Terms of Use as indicated on such Applications and Websites. Definition of Personal Information Personal Information is information about an identifiable individual including, without limitation, information such as your name, address, birth date, and personal contact information and other information as described below. It may also include other types of more technical information such as IP addresses, geolocation, device ID, or browsing history in connection with our Applications or Websites, but only when this information can identify you as an individual. Information that is aggregated and cannot be associated with an identifiable individual (such as data contained in “Reports” as defined below) is not considered to be Personal Information. Personal Information We Collect Directly from You Cineplex and its employees, agents, contractors, service providers, partners and representatives may collect the following Personal Information that you provide to us directly: Contact Information that you may provide to us, for instance, when you create an account or make an inquiry through one of our Applications or Websites, by telephone, email, SMS, social media, or any other means of electronic communication (e.g. name, home address, home or mobile telephone number or e-mail address); Credit or Debit Card Information, including card number, expiry date and CVS/CVV code that you may provide to us, for instance, when purchasing theatre tickets or other products or services; Information relevant to a particular service you request (e.g. the age and gender of a child or other person where you request our birthday party services); Survey Responses that you provide (e.g. when you provide your name or other contact information in order to take part in a survey); Preferences and other Personal Information provided by you through our Applications or Websites (e.g. including but not limited to local theatre preferences, favourite movie genres, movie reviews, and comments); Job Applications you provide to us when applying for an employment opportunity by sending us a resume or by submitting a job application. All Personal Information and applicant information provided by you and during the application process must be true, complete and correct to the best of your knowledge. Any misrepresentation or omission of facts may result in refusal to hire or, if hired, may result in your dismissal at any time regardless of when the false answer or omissions are discovered. Please do not include any sensitive information in your application, such as unique identifiers (such as social insurance numbers) or financial information. Personal Information We Collect Automatically In some cases, we may collect information automatically which may not necessarily identify you as an individual. For instance, we may collect the following type of information: Video Surveillance.As a security measure and to ensure the safety of our properties, we use video surveillance technology at our physical locations. This collection is subject to applicable privacy laws and may be shared only in limited circumstances, as detailed in the Sharing of Personal Information section of this Privacy Policy. On Premises Devices and Imaging Technology. We may use on premises cameras, image sensors, and imaging technologies (e.g. anonymous video analytics and anonymous traffic analysis) at our physical locations or advertising installations for the following purposes: measuring viewer engagement and interest with visual media in order to improve digital displays and signage;;measuring viewer demographics present in our physical locations, including age and gender of viewers, in order to justify ad-space value and manage ad-content scheduling;forecasting trends and traffic patterns in order to improve resource allocation and management; andenhancing health and safety measures. The above-described devices and imaging technologies are strictly used for the purposes of aggregated analysis (i.e. non-identifying purposes) and do not store images of individuals. Technical Information. The nature of internet browsing is such that this activity passively and automatically collects and discloses certain information about an individual’s use of the internet. This information may be associated with an individual’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address. This is a unique internet "address" which is assigned to all internet users by their Internet Service Provider ("ISP"). Our server logs record statistical information, such as visitors' IP addresses, type of operating systems, time and duration of visit, webpages requested, as well as identifying categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. We may also track devices which have communicated with our Wi-Fi systems at our physical locations, but such tracking is conducted without the storage of information that is personally identifying. Cookies. Our Applications and Websites make use of both "sessional" and "persistent" cookies or similar technologies. Cookies are small text files offered to your computer by Web servers to keep track of your browser settings as you navigate the site. Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive. Sessional cookies are stored in temporary (cache) memory and are deleted when you shut down your browser or turn off your computer. We use these cookies or similar technologies to store your preferences, record session information such as language preferences, record user-specific information on what pages you access or visit, develop information about your preferences and interests, alert you to areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our site, record past activity in order to provide better service when you return to our site, help rotate banner advertising so as to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, and customize content based on your browser type or other information you provide. For each visit to our Websites, cookies or similar technologies may be used by our server to recognize you where you have indicated your preference to be automatically logged in. You may disable cookies using your browser's settings. Please consult your browser's help function for information on how to disable cookies. Note that if you disable cookies, certain features of our Websites will not function to their fullest potential. Interest-Based Advertising. Our Applications and Websites also use cookies and similar tools for tailored interest-based advertising purposes. These cookies and tools may be placed by us, or by our advertising partners. When you make use of our Applications or Websites, we collect information about the device you are using, including (as applicable) your Internet, telecom or mobile carrier and service provider, IP address, device ID, the date and time of your visit, the pages of the website you visit, the features of the Website or Application that you use, and the referring URLs you came from. Our Applications and Websites also make use of use pixels, or transparent GIF files (sometimes called “beacons”), to help manage online interest-based advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners. These files enable us to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website.If you opt-out of interest-based advertising by a third party, these technologies may still collect data for other purposes, including analytics, and you may still see ads across the Internet, but the ads will not be targeted based on information about you, and may therefore be less relevant to you and your interests.Interest-based advertising opt-outs work by saving cookies in your browser that tell the various ad partners that you have opted-out.Because cookies are generally browser-specific, your choice will only apply to the web browser from which you opt-out. You must opt-out from each web browser from which you do not want interest-based advertising (and this may involve different devices, if you use more than one). Location Information. Through your mobile device, you may have the ability to activate the location tracking functionality to allow Cineplex to access your GPS location. Activating location or device tracking functionality is a function of your mobile device and not required for your use of the Websites or Applications. By activating this feature, you agree to allow Cineplex to use your GPS location for purposes of notifying you when you are at or are near one of our physical locations, or to provide offers or marketing messages relevant to your location. You further agree that Cineplex may collect and use your location information with the assistance of third-party service providers for the purposes identified above. We may use the location information you share with us for non-identifying purposes (e.g. in anonymous and aggregate Reports as defined below and media performance measurement). Social Media Platforms and Other Third Parties. If you sign into our Applications or Websites using a social media account such as Facebook or Twitter (“Social Media Platforms”), we will collect information that you have added in your registration profile from those accounts and which is made available to us by default by the relevant Social Media Platform. We may also collect Personal Information about you from your use of Social Media Platforms, through which you may allow us to collect (or a third party to share) Personal Information about you, such as details of your friends/connections, “likes”, comments you have shared, groups and location. In addition, we may receive Personal Information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their friends/connections, or information about you is otherwise accessible through your friends’/connections’ web page, profile page, or similar page on a Social Media Platform or other third-party website or interactive service. We may supplement the information we collect about you directly with the information we receive from Social Media Platforms or other third parties to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and send you details of promotions and/or offers which we believe may be of interest to you, always in compliance with applicable laws. Use of Your Personal Information We collect and use Personal Information as permitted or required by law, with your consent or for the following purposes, as applicable: To process your purchases and reservations: We may use your Personal Information to process your purchases and reservations. For instance, personal contact and credit/debit card information will be used by Cineplex to process your purchases and reservations (this includes purchases made through our Applications or Websites or at one of our physical locations or through special event bookings, or the purchase or rental of movies through the Cineplex Store). For event bookings, such as birthday parties, the child's name, age and gender will be used to organize the event. In these cases, credit/debit card information is only used for the purposes required to process and complete the transaction and/or service requested by you and is only retained in transaction records required for internal management and auditing purposes or as otherwise required by law, unless you are informed otherwise, or you provide your consent. For Theatre and The Rec Room Administration: Your name, address and telephone number may be stored by us should you provide such information, for instance when you use our lost-and-found or coat check services. Also, your name, address and telephone number may be collected and used by Cineplex for audit and refund verification purposes when you request a ticket refund. We may require identification to be provided to establish a person’s age for age-restricted movies, events or activities (such as virtual reality games), age restricted ticket purchases, access to our VIP cinemas, or the purchase of alcohol at any of our physical locations. To Ensure the Security of our Properties: Cineplex uses video surveillance to monitor its physical locations for crime deterrence and detection purposes. In the event of accident or theft, Cineplex may collect, use and share information related to the incident or theft as required for operational, insurance, legal or other necessary purposes. To Administer Contests: From time to time, Cineplex will administer contests at our physical locations or online, which may include partnerships with third-party business partners and third-party advertising clients through our Applications or Websites.We may request your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and we may also require proof of age for the purposes of determining contest eligibility. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable contest rules, your Personal Information will only be used for prize notification and fulfilment and related purposes in connection with the contest, and only as authorized by law or in accordance with this Privacy Policy. To Communicate with You. Subject to your right to withdraw consent and unsubscribe, we may use your Personal Information to communicate with you or on behalf of our advertising partners across multiple channels, including by email, SMS messages, telephone calls, social media and other platforms. This includes advertising and marketing messages about products or services that may be of interest to you. Individuals who provide us with their telephone numbers will only receive communications from us with respect to orders, contests or other products or services that they have requested, or personalized ads on Social Media Platforms and other platforms, unless they provide express consent to receive commercial telephone calls or SMS messages from us. Surveys: Cineplex will occasionally conduct surveys and market research, at our physical locations, by telephone, in person, or on our Applications or Websites. These surveys and market research may ask you about your preferences in relation to our services, your age, gender, approximate location, or other information that may assist Cineplex in understanding the preferences of its visitors and guests. Your participation in such surveys or market research is entirely voluntary and, in some cases, you may be able to participate anonymously. Your contact information, including your name, address, telephone number and/or other Personal Information may be required: (1) to permit you to enjoy bonuses or benefits which may be available to survey or market research participants (in which case your contact information will only be used for notification or fulfillment purposes); or (2) where you have provided your express consent to us contacting you to discuss comments that you made during our surveys and/or market research. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, survey and/or research responses are only used by Cineplex on an aggregate basis. To Operate, Improve, and Customize our Applications or Websites. We use information which you provide to us on the Applications or Websites to facilitate your registration, to understand the identity of our guests and the nature of their preferences, to improve the content of the Applications or Websites, to customize content and/or layout for each visitor based on the information provided to us, to send periodic newsletters and marketing messages as requested, to process purchases, and to conduct surveys, polls and contests. To Better Understand Our Guests. We use information which you provide to us to generate aggregate and anonymous information and reports, lists or other data, created from our analysis of information we hold about you, including Personal Information, device ID, information we may collect about you through your use of the Websites or Applications, your transactional activity with us, and information we collect from our business partners and other third parties (“Reports”). From time to time, we may share Reports with select third-party business partners, advertisers, or other third parties. To Create a Cineplex Account. When you register for an account on our Applications or Websites, make purchases, enter contests, respond to surveys, or otherwise participate in our online community, our servers may store your Personal Information, contact details or other information in order to facilitate login, the automatic completion of forms and other preferences for your convenience. If you prefer that we not store such information on our servers, you may select the appropriate option on the Applications or Websites (where available) or you may contact us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section at the end of this Privacy Policy. Job Applicants. Your Personal Information and applicant information may be used to make hiring decisions, and to comply with applicable laws. Should you be hired, relevant portions of your Personal Information will be used to create and maintain your employment records. By providing applicant information, you agree that we may contact the employers, organizations, schools, professional associations provided by you, to verify the accuracy of such information.Other Uses: We may also use Personal Information, where necessary, for: establishing, maintaining and/or fulfilling relationships with our business partners, third-party vendors of products and/or services, as well as our corporate and business customers;understanding and assessing the interests, wants and changing needs of customers with a view to improving our products and services and developing new ones (for instance, we may assess the types of movies our customers prefer to determine which types of movies to offer in the future);evaluating job applications or resumes which are sent to us, as further described in the Job Application section of this Privacy Policy; conducting operating, administering and otherwise managing our business, to satisfy legal, regulatory, security, audit, financial and processing requirements, or as otherwise permitted or required by law. Sharing of Personal Information Personal Information collected by Cineplex is not shared to other parties, except as permitted or required by law, with your express consent, or as follows: We may share your Personal Information with outside parties who sponsor or otherwise participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions, whether on our Applications or Websites or otherwise. We will inform you of the identity of these third parties at the time we collect your Personal Information.Your Personal Information may be shared with our parent, subsidiary, affiliated and/or related corporations or entities, or to their employees, agents, contractors, representatives, servants, legal counsel and/or accountants without limitation, for operational, management and administrative purposes, as well as internal audit, legal, regulatory, security, insurance, financial, processing and other similar purposes, or as otherwise permitted or required by law. Your Personal Information may be transferred to service providers, who may or may not be affiliates of Cineplex, where such entities provide services on our behalf (e.g. administrative, management, operational, processing, support, marketing or other services). For instance, we may use such third parties to host online services or administer our Applications or Websites, to identify common pre-existing relationships between you, us, and our marketing or advertising partners, to develop software applications, create and maintain databases, send and receive communications on our behalf, or we may retain vendors’ fulfilment houses, or survey, market research, or contest services providers. We provide them with a limited amount of information which is necessary for them to provide the services required. They are prohibited from using the information for purposes other than to facilitate and carry out the services they have been engaged to provide. These service providers are not permitted to disclose this information to others. Cineplex will strive to protect Personal Information shared with third parties with contractual agreements. Cineplex may share hashed versions of our contact information (such as your email address) with Social Media Platforms and other platforms to enable us to serve targeted ads on the platforms and improve our online marketing campaigns.Cineplex may use and share your Personal Information with parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of Cineplex's business or assets, including for the purposes of permitting such parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with such transaction or business relationship, to fulfill reporting, audit, legal and/or other requirements or, in the case of sale or assignment, the use and sharing by those parties for substantially the same purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. Cineplex may also share Personal Information as necessary to meet legal, audit, regulatory, insurance, security or other similar requirements. For instance, Cineplex may be compelled to disclose Personal Information in response to a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, valid demand, search warrant, government investigation or other legally valid request or enquiry. We may also share information to our accountants, auditors, agents and lawyers in connection with the enforcement or protection of our legal rights. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful or to law enforcement, in an emergency or where required or permitted by law. All Cineplex employees, agents, contractors, service providers, partners and representatives who have access to your Personal Information are required to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with this and any other policy and/or procedure, in effect from time to time. Your Consent Consent to the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information may be provided in various ways. Consent may be express (e.g.orally, electronically or on a form you may sign describing the intended uses and sharing of Personal Information) or implied (e.g. when you provide information necessary for a service you have requested (such as providing us with your name, phone number and/or email for use by our lost and found services), or in some circumstances where notice has been provided to you about our intentions with respect to your Personal Information and you have not withdrawn your consent for an identified purpose, such as by using an "opt-out" option, subject to applicable laws. Consent may be given by your authorized representative (such as a legal guardian, person having a power of attorney or a mandatary). By providing us with Personal Information, we will deem you to understand this Privacy Policy, and we will deem you to consent to our collection, use and sharing of such Personal Information for the purposes identified or described in this Privacy Policy, if applicable, or otherwise at the time of collection. Right to Withdraw Consent and Unsubscribe You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and sharing of Personal Information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your Personal Information, we may no longer be able to provide you with certain products or services. Receiving commercial emails and SMS messages from us is optional and you may unsubscribe at any time by (a) following the unsubscribe link in any email or SMS message; (b) changing your communication preferences through your Cineplex Account (if applicable); or (c) contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. If you provide us with your mailing address, you may receive periodic mailings from us, or our business partners, with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mail from us, please change your preferences on the Applications or Websites, or contact us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of receiving customized or targeted ads on Social Media Platforms, which may be created through custom audiences using your email address or other contact information, by contacting us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. Please note that if you opt-out, you may still see some of our ads on these platforms, but those ads will not be based on our use of your contact information. Security We endeavor to protect your Personal Information using physical, electronic or procedural security measures as are appropriate and proportional to the sensitivity of the information in our custody or control, including safeguards to protect Personal Information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, sharing, copying, use, or modification. Cineplex and its employees, agents, contractors, legal, accounting or other service providers, partners, representatives and mandataries who require access to your Personal Information in order to fulfill their job requirements will have access to your Personal Information. You transmit or provide all Personal Information entirely at your own risk. On our Applications and Websites we store subscriber and password information in a secure manner not accessible to browsers, behind password protection, or off-line. We endeavor to use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our Applications and Websites. Transfer of Personal Information outside your Country of Residence Your Personal Information may in some cases be transferred to jurisdictions outside your country of residence. As a result, you understand that your Personal Information will be subject to the laws of other jurisdictions than your country of residence and may be available without notice to you to foreign government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable in such jurisdictions. Regardless of the company or person who processes your information and where it is processed, we will take steps to protect your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy. Note to Parents - Children's Privacy Protecting children's privacy is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect Personal Information on our Applications or Websites from any individual who we know is under 13 years of age . In addition, no part of our Applications or Websites are targeted to attract anyone under 13 years of age. We request that children under 13 years of age do not disclose or provide any Personal Information to us. If we discover such information, we will delete the child's Personal Information from our records. If for any reason we believe a user may be under the age of 13 we reserve the right to request proof of age of such user.If such proof is not provided, or if it is discovered a user is under the age of 13 all Personal Information of that user shall be deleted from our servers and associated systems and we reserve the right to limit and/or ban such user from our Applications or Websites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cineplex may from time to time conduct, sponsor, co-sponsor or participate in contests and/or promotions which may be open to entrants of all ages, including children under the age of 13. During such contests and/or promotions, Cineplex makes special efforts to encourage children to consult with their parents before providing Personal Information and in each case parental consent must be obtained for any such entry or participation to be valid. Cineplex also encourages parents to supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools, available from online services and software manufacturers, to help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools may also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other Personal Information without parental permission. For additional information about parental control tools, please visit http://www.icra.org/_en/parents. Privacy Policies of Third Parties and External Links and External Links The Applications and Websites contain links to a number of third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Cineplex and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or the use of any data by such websites. Should you decide to navigate to any websites or webpage external to the Applications or Websites, you do so entirely at your own risk. External links to third party websites or webpages accessed through our Applications or Websites, as well as the content on such third party websites or webpages, are not investigated, assured, guaranteed, verified, monitored, recommended or endorsed by Cineplex. Cineplex provides these links merely as a convenience to you and to other visitors to our Websites, and the inclusion of such links does not imply that we endorse or recommend such websites or webpages. We specifically disclaim any liability, obligation or responsibility whatsoever for the content or use of such third-party websites or webpages. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion. Please note that the online purchase of theatre tickets through third-party websites, applications, or services may be governed by terms and conditions and privacy practices as set by such third-party website, application, or service. Third party websites and services are not within the scope of this Privacy Policy and Cineplex expressly disclaims any liability, obligation or responsibility whatsoever for the content or use of such third-party websites or services. Policy Changes This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time as Cineplex deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion. We will post any privacy policy changes on our Applications and Websites and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. You will continue to have the ability to opt out of new non-essential uses or disclosures. If you are concerned with how your Personal Information is used, we encourage you to bookmark this site and to periodically review our Privacy Policy or contact us as described below to obtain a current copy of our Privacy Policy. Access and Correction Cineplex respects your right to access and correct your Personal Information. If you have an account with us, you can log into your Cineplex Account at any time to access and update the information you have provided to us. Additionally, Cineplex complies with all laws regarding access and correction. If you need assistance updating your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact information detailed in the How to Contact Us section below. Please clearly indicate the Personal Information that you wish to review or have changed. We will reply to your request as soon as reasonably possible. How to Contact Us To opt-out of any use of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or about our practices with respect to Personal Information, or if you wish to access or correct your Personal Information, please notify us. by email at privacy@cineplex.comtelephone us at 1-877-323-6645or by mail at: 1303 Yonge Street Toronto, ON M4T 2Y9 Attn: Chief Privacy Officer If you have questions related to our products and/or services and that are not related to this Privacy Policy, please visit our Guest Services webpage at https://cineplex.service-now.com/gsc .© 2023 Cineplex Entertainment LP More At Cineplex Corporate Information Theatre Information Advertisement New tickets sales are on hold while we review government mandates.Looks like you're using an unsupported browser. Cineplex.com may not work as expected. MENU TicketsTheatresSearchAccount Français fr Terms of Use Effective date: June 15, 2022 BEFORE PROCEEDING, PLEASE READ THE TERMS CAREFULLY. BY USING OUR WEBSITE YOU ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY, ANY ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, GUIDELINES, POLICIES, AND FUTURE MODIFICATIONS THEREOF. IF AT ANY TIME YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY STOP USING OUR WEBSITE AND IF APPLICABLE, DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT. Table of Contents: Introduction: The following terms, conditions and provisions (the "Terms of Use" ) govern the relationship between you and Cineplex Entertainment LP and its subsidiaries, affiliates and/or related entities ( "Cineplex" or "we" or "our" ) as it pertains to your online dealings with Cineplex. The Cineplex Website By using any part of Cineplex.com,, including the Cineplex Store, or any mobile websites or applications owned by Cineplex which may be accessible via Televisions, Blu-ray players, Home Theatre Systems, Mobile devices or such other technology that may become available from time to time (collectively referred to as the “ Website ”) or establishing an account on the Website, you agree to comply with, and be legally bound by, these Terms of Use (which include the Terms of Sale for the Cineplex Store), the Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as the “ Website Terms ”), all applicable laws and all applicable terms of use and policies as may apply to the devices, technology or products used in conjunction with the Website or the merchandise purchased therefrom. If the Website Terms are not acceptable to you, you must not use this Website. “ Use ” of the Website shall include, but is not limited to browsing the Website and the Content, as hereinafter defined, registering for an account or your devices, posting comments on the Website, requesting electronic newsletters, purchasing tickets electronically, and purchases made through the Cineplex Store. Privacy Your privacy is important to us. The Cineplex Privacy Policy is incorporated into these Website Terms by reference (the “ Privacy Policy ”). Please read the Privacy Policy carefully for details on the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Your use of the Website shall be deemed to constitute your understanding and approval of, and agreement to be bound by, the Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by Cineplex and/or third parties in accordance with the Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by law. Modification of the Website Terms We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change modify, add or remove portions of the Website Terms at any time with or without notice to you. Please check these Website Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website after the posting of any changes to these Website Terms constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Modifications to these Website Terms shall be effective as the effective date written above. Responsibility For Minors This Website may contain material that is inappropriate for audiences under the age of thirteen (13). You acknowledge and agree that you will not authorize anyone under the age of thirteen (13) to access or view the Website. Cineplex believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using commercially available parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.If you are interested in learning more about these protections, information is available at www.cybersitter.com , www.netnanny.com or other analogous sites providing information on such protections. (Note: The preceding links are provided for information purposes only. Cineplex is not affiliated with these entities and the foregoing is not intended as an endorsement of these entities, their services or policies.)If for any reason Cineplex believes a user may be under the age of 13, Cineplex reserves the right to request proof of age of such user. If such proof is not provided, or if it is discovered the user is under the age of 13 all personal information shall be deleted from our system and we reserve the right to limit and/or ban the user from our site. Prohibited Use As a condition of your use of the Website, you will not use the Website for any unlawful purpose or in a manner prohibited by these Website Terms.If you reside outside of Canada, you acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring that your use of the Website complies with all rules, laws, and regulations in the jurisdiction where you reside, including, without limitation, laws concerning intellectual property, the Internet, data and privacy. You may not use the Website or Content for commercial purposes. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, distribute, resell or exploit any portion of the Website and/or Content or use the Website and/or Content for any other purpose other than your personal, private, non-commercial purposes.You agree that you will not use the Website and/or Content to defame, harass, abuse, threaten or stalk others or to collect or attempt to collect personal information about users or other third parties. You agree not to, intentionally or otherwise, damage, impair or disable the Website and/or Content or any user's enjoyment of it by any means, including but not limited to uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, worms, adware or other malicious code.You agree not to remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the Website and/or Content or features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any content accessible through the Website and/or Content. Youagree that you will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website and/or Content or any computer system or networks connected to the Website and/or Content, through hacking, password mining or any other means or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper operation of the Website and/or Content.You agree not to use framing techniques to enclose trademarks, logos or other materials posted on the Website or use any of our META tags or other "hidden text" on the Website or contained in the Content without our express written permission. You agree not to make unsolicited offers, advertisements, spam and proposals to other users of the Website.You agree not to modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based on the Website or any part thereof. Any violation of the above terms is strictly prohibited and can result in the immediate revocation of any licenses granted to you to use the Website and may constitute violations of law. Ownership/Proprietary Rights The Website is owned and operated by Cineplex. The content, visual interface, interactive features, information, graphics, design, computer code, methods of operation, documentation, software, services and all other elements contained in or as part of the Website (the " Content ") and any moral rights contained therein are copyrighted works owned by Cineplex or its affiliates and/or third party licensors and are protected by Canadian copyright, trademark, trade dress and patent laws, international conventions and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights and applicable law both in Canada and abroad, where permitted. All trademarks, service marks and trade names on the Website are owned by Cineplex, its affiliates and/or third party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Cineplex, you agree not to sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make unauthorized use of the Content. Cineplex reserves all rights, including without limitation, all intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights in connection with the Website and the Content. You shall not acquire any right, title or interest to the Website and/or Content, except for the limited rights set forth in these Website Terms. Cineplex will aggressively enforce its intellectual property and other rights to the fullest extent permitted by law or equity including, but not limited to, criminal prosecution. You agree that notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein, you shall have no ownership or other proprietary interest in any account you create and you acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to any account are and shall forever be owned by and enure to the benefit of Cineplex. Subject to the Digital Download Terms of Use, as defined below, or streaming on your computer, Blu-ray player, Home Theatre System, game console, portable game player, cellular phone, smart phone, personal digital device, cable box, digital cable box, satellite receiver, satellite transponder, satellite system, internet device, television, monitor, display or any other equipment, hardware, media or software whatsoever providing you with access to the internet and to the Website, you may display, download and print the contents of this Website for non-commercial purposes which are personal or educational, provided that you attribute ownership of all such content to Cineplex and provided that you do not contest Cineplex's ownership of or rights towards all such content.All content on this Website is copyrighted and owned by Cineplex or a third party, as indicated. The content on this Website may not, without the express written permission of Cineplex, be saved, shared, broadcast, disseminated, copied, modified, published, transferred, transmitted, reposted, reproduced, reused, displayed, sold, linked to another website or used for public or commercial purposes, unless permitted by these Terms of Use. Cineplex respects the intellectual property rights of others and requires that everyone using the Website does the same. Cineplex will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take any actions, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate. Notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent via the online form located in Feedback Zone . Disclaimer /Waivers/Limitations ALTHOUGH THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM SOURCES BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH CONTENT MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER INACCURACIES OR ERRORS, AND IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER CINEPLEX NOR ITS LICENSORS, AGENTS, SERVANTS, CONTRACTORS, PARTNERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION WHATSOEVER AND DISCLAIM ALL STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, COVENANT AND/OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, TERMS, COVENANTS OR CONDITIONS REGARDING ACCURACY, FUNCTIONALITY, UNINTERRUPTED SERVICE, COMPATABILITY, SOFTWARE COMPATABILITY, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, MALWARE OR ADWARE, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, RESULTS OBTAINED FROM USE OF THIS WEBSITE, MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE ARISING BY LAW, EQUITY, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE OR COURSE OF DEALING. INTERNET SERVICES, LINKS AND CONNECTIONS ARE SUSCEPTIBLE TO TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, CRASHES, DOWN-TIME, ACTS OF GOD AND OTHER OCCURRENCES BEYOND THE CONTROL OF CINEPLEX. CINEPLEX SHALL USE ITS REASONABLE EFFORTS TO MAINTAIN A CONSISTENT LINK WITH THE INTERNET, BUT CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR COVENANT THAT IT SHALL MAINTAIN SUCH CONTINUOUS AND UNINTERRUPTED LINK TO THE INTERNET. CINEPLEX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE, OBLIGATED OR OTHERWISE RESPONSIBLE IF IT IS UNABLE OR UNWILLING TO MAINTAIN A CONTINUOUS AND UININTERRUPTED LINK TO THE INTERNET. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE MEANS THAT YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE USING THIS WEBSITE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND LIABILITY. CINEPLEX SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, MORAL, INCIDENTAL, COLLATERAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE OF THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE, OR THOSE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE (OR A WEBSITE LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE), OR ANY OTHER CAUSE EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES; AND EVEN IF CAUSED BY ANY ACT, OMISSION OR NEGLIGENCE OF CINEPLEX OR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS, AGENTS, SERVANTS, CONTRACTORS, PARTNERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS, AND EVEN IF ANY OF THEM HAS BEEN APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING. CINEPLEX DOES NOT OWN, OPERATE, OR HAVE ANY AFFILIATION WHATSOEVER WITH, ANY OF THE THEATRES AND/OR ENTITIES LISTED ON THE "OTHER THEATRES" TAB ON THE "FIND A THEATRE" PORTION OF THE WEBSITE. THE PRECEDING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS SHALL APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW OR EQUITY, IN ALL ACTIONS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. ANY PART OF THESE TERMS OF USE DECLARED INVALID BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION SHALL BE DEEMED SEVERABLE AND SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THE REMAINDER OF THESE TERMS OF USE. Advertising and Links The Website contains third party advertising and links to third party websites. Third party advertisements and links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Cineplex.Cineplex is not responsible for the content of any third party website or the products and/or services offered by third parties who advertise on the Website, or third party links contained therein, nor does it make any representation or warranty of any kind regarding any third party website or products and/or services offered by third parties, including, without limitation: (a) advertising claims made by third parties; (b) the legality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, suitability of any content on any third party website; (c) the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of any material, content, software, goods or services located at or made available through such third party websites; or (d) the third party websites will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects or errors in such third party websites will be corrected or that such third party websites will be free from viruses or other harmful components. Third party linked sites are not under the control of Cineplex and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Cineplex is not responsible for the content, business practices or the privacy policies of the third party linked sites, including but not limited to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information that these sites may collect. You agree that Cineplex shall not be responsible or liable to you for any type of loss or damage that may result in any such dealings you may have with advertisers or third party websites linked to the Website, either directly or indirectly as a result of the presence of such advertising on the Website. Registering for an Account Cineplex, through the Website has provided you with the opportunity to register for an account which will allow you to manage your newsletter subscriptions, purchase online tickets, and check-out at the Cineplex Store without having to enter your personal information before the conclusion of each transaction. Except for the purchase or rental of Digital Products, as hereinafter defined or streams, you are not required to create an account. If you do so, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and (b) maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If Cineplex has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Cineplex has the right to suspend or terminate your access to your account and the Website and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion thereof). Cineplex's use of any personally identifying information you provide as part of the account registration process is governed by the terms of the Privacy Policy . By registering for an account with Cineplex.com, you affirm that you are either over the age of 18, or possess legal parental or guardian consent if you are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18), and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Website Terms, and to abide by and comply with the Website Terms. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use this Website and talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you. To use certain features of your account, you may also need a username and password, which you will create through the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify Cineplex immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Cineplex and its respective affiliates, related companies, unaffiliated partners, licensors and/or licensees cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Cineplex's and/or its respective affiliates, related companies, unaffiliated partners, licensors and/or licensees' failure or your failure to protect your password or account information. Posting and Commenting Guidelines You acknowledge and agree that when using the Website, you will be exposed to user-submitted content (" User Submissions ") from a variety of sources, and that Cineplex is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Submissions.You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Cineplex with respect thereto.You retain all of your ownership rights in any User Submissions that you post to the Website. By uploading and/or posting your User Submission to the Website, you grant Cineplex a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted, worldwide license to: (a) use, reproduce, store, adapt, translate, modify, make derivative works from, transmit, distribute, publicly perform or display such User Submission for any purpose via all forms of media now known or hereafter devised; and (b) to transfer or sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights. In addition to the grant of the above license, you hereby: (a) agree to waive all moral rights in your User Submission in favour of Cineplex; (b) consent to your name appearing as the contributor of your User Submission, where applicable, and to the disclosure and/or display of such information and any other information which appears in or is associated with your User Submission; (c) acknowledge and agree that Cineplex is not responsible for any loss, damage, or corruption that may occur to your User Submission; and (d) acknowledge and agree that any User.You also hereby grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Website. You acknowledge and agree that Cineplex shall in no way be responsible for any authorized and/or unauthorized use, reproduction, distribution or display of your User Submissions by any third party. Cineplex does not endorse any User Submissions posted on the Website by any user or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Cineplex expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with all User Submissions posted on the Website. Cineplex does not permit or condone copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Website and we will remove all User Submissions if we are notified that such User Submission infringes on third party intellectual property rights. We reserve the right to remove any User Submission posted on our Website without prior notice and without reason. Cineplex does not condone the submission of inappropriate content including, without limitation, content that is defamatory, discriminatory or illegal. Cineplex shall make reasonable efforts to monitor User Submissions at all times to determine compliance with Website Terms and any operating rules established by Cineplex and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request. With respect to your User Submission, you agree to not use the Website to submit any content that: is offensive or that promotes racism or hatred; could be harmful to minors; harasses or bullies others; is false, misleading or illegal; infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any third party; contains or displays content of a sexually explicit nature, nudity or sexual activity; facilitates the impersonation of another person; you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under any contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary or confidential information); engages in commercial activities and/or sales without Cineplex's prior written consent. The above is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the Website. All users of the Website are encouraged to report inappropriate content by contacting Guest Services . Cineplex reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Cineplex's sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. In addition, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to remove any User Submission without prior notice and for any reason. You are solely responsible for the User Submissions you post on the Website and the consequences of submitting and publishing your User Submissions.You represent, and warrant that your User Submissions do not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Cineplex all of the license rights granted herein. You agree to indemnify, save and hold Cineplex and its affiliated companies, successors, assigns, agents, officers, directors, employees, representatives, partners, licensors, and/or licensees (the " Released Parties ") harmless from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses arising from any violation by you of these Website Terms, or any breaches of the representations and warranties made by you herein. Cineplex reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter for which are you are required to indemnify the Released Parties and you agree to cooperate with our defence of these claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. Posting User Submissions through a Social Networking Site Posting User Submissions may be made available via one or more social networking sites (i.e. Facebook or Twitter). In order to post User Submissions in this manner, you must have a registered account with the social network (" Social Network Account "), and be logged into the Social Network Account to post the User Submission. If you post a User Submission to the Website through your Social Network Account, you shall comply with its terms and conditions as well as these Website Terms. Cineplex shall not be held responsible for your inability to post User Submission to the Website due to your inability to access your Social Network Account or for any unauthorized access or viewing of your Social Network Account that may result when third parties review your User Submissions. By agreeing to the Terms of Use and/or by posting a User Submission to the Website through your Social Network Account, you agree that Cineplex may access certain information from your Social Network Account. The information you allow Cineplex to access may vary depending on the privacy setting you have established through your Social Network Account. Online Ticket Purchases You can buy tickets at home or on your mobile device by using our online ticket purchasing service. Online or mobile ticket purchases may be made using a number of different payment options, including but not limited to, credit card, VISA debit, Interac Online, PayPal, electronic or physical Cineplex gift cards (“Gift Cards”), promotion codes, or by redeeming Scene+ points. Cineplex may introduce new payment methods from time to time; any online ticket purchases made by such new payment methods will be governed by these Terms of Use as well as any other applicable policies and third party terms of use. Occasionally, Cineplex may offer promotions that allow for the purchase of tickets through the use of specially issued vouchers (the “ Vouchers ”); please refer to the terms and conditions printed upon such Vouchers for more information on redeeming the Vouchers for online ticket purchases. For information on how to become a member of the Scene+ loyalty program, please visit www.Sceneplus.ca . . Processing services for credit cards, Interac Online, Gift Cards or PayPal are provided by third-party service providers which have their own privacy policies and terms of use. Information you provide to any such third-party service provider is not shared with Cineplex unless necessary for processing and completing your purchase transaction. Upon purchasing tickets at home on your mobile device it may be possible to reserve your seating at the theatre for select performances at select theatre locations. Such option may not be available on all types of mobile devices. Cineplex Store Terms of Sale The following terms and/or conditions (the "Terms of Sale") govern the manner in which you purchase products from the Cineplex Store. Additional useful information regarding the Cineplex Store is available at the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) section of the Cineplex Store. Use of the Cineplex Store is deemed to be your consent to the Terms of Use (of which these Terms of Sale form a part). Cineplex offers various digital products for purchase and rental on the Website (the "Digital Product(s)"). Purchase of Products: All sales are final, except as otherwise described in these Website Terms, the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) http://store.cineplex.com/store/faq.jsp or as otherwise decided in Cineplex's sole discretion. If we are unable to complete your order due to the unavailability or discontinuance of a Product, we may provide you with a credit for the Cineplex Store for the value of the purchased product.End User: The Digital Products are offered for purchase to non-commercial end customers only. Additional Terms: In addition to these Terms of Sale, your purchase or rental of any Digital Product, or your participation in any promotion or discount, may be subject to any terms and/or conditions which are specified on the Website at the time you place an order to purchase a Digital Product or participate in any promotion or discount. Payment Methods: Digital Products may be purchased: by redeeming Scene+ points on qualifying products;by using a Gift Card;by using a credit card or PayPal;by a combination of these methods. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it may be possible to purchase Digital Products on certain internet connected devices by credit card only. For credit card or PayPal purchases, before processing any order, Cineplex obtains pre-approval, from PayPal or the financial institution which issued the user's credit card, for the cost of the Digital Product together with all applicable taxes. Your credit card or PayPal account will be charged only after we e-mail you that your order has been processed. For purchases involving the redemption of Scene+ points only, all points will be deducted from your Scene+ account immediately on receipt of your order. Scene+ points will immediately be deducted for all Digital Products, including if the Digital Product is a pre-order. For additional information, please see our Frequently Asked Questions section (FAQ) http://store.cineplex.com/store/faq.jsp. For purchases involving the use of a Gift Card only, the value being applied to your purchase will be deducted from your Gift Card immediately on receipt of your order. The Gift Card value being applied to your purchase will immediately be deducted for all Digital Products, including if the Digital Product is a pre-order. For additional information, please see Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) http://store.cineplex.com/store/faq.jsp. For purchases involving the use of a combination of credit card or PayPal, and/or the redemption of Scene+ points and/or the use of a Gift Card your payment is processed in the following manner (as applicable): All Scene+ points will be deducted from your Scene+ account immediately on receipt of your order. Scene+ points will immediately be deducted for all Digital Products, including if the Digital Product is a pre-order.Upon receipt of your order, the Gift Card value being applied to your purchase will immediately be deducted for all Digital Products, including if the Digital Product is a pre-order. For additional information, please see Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Before processing any order that requires the use of a credit card or PayPal, Cineplex obtains pre-approval from PayPal or the financial institution which issued the user's credit card, for the cost of the Digital Product together with all applicable taxes. Your credit card will be charged only after we e-mail you that your order has been processed. Formation of Contract / Order Confirmation: We reserve the right to reject, cancel, correct and/or terminate any order for any reason whatsoever in our sole discretion. Should there be an error in the price of the Digital Product, we will notify you, and you may either choose not to purchase the Digital Product, or purchase the Digital Product at the correct price. We will e-mail you once your order has been received; this e-mail is only our confirmation that our servers have received your order. Your order is deemed to be an offer to purchase the Digital Product. Your order is deemed to be accepted only if we send you an e-mail confirming that your order has been processed. Until you receive an e-mail from us confirming that your order has been processed, no legally binding or enforceable contract exists between you and Cineplex. We do not represent, warrant or otherwise guarantee the length of time it will take for your order to be processed. Replacement of Defective Digital Product: We will replace any defective Digital Product within ten (10) calendar days of the date on which the Product was purchased by you. Should we be unable to replace a defective Product, we shall permit you to choose either an alternate Digital Product of equal value or receive a full refund of the money you paid. Please note that we will only replace Digital Product which was defective. Limitation of Quantities: We reserve the right to limit quantities of the Digital Products which are available for sale or which each customer may buy. Accuracy of Information: In order to complete your order, we rely on the information which you provide to us. By placing an order you represent, warrant and covenant that the information provided to us is complete, true, accurate and up-to-date.You are responsible for any costs which you or we incur as a result of incomplete, untrue, inaccurate or out-of-date information which you provide to us. Digital Downloads and Streams: To purchase or rent Digital Product for downloading or streaming, you will be required to create an account and agree to the Terms of Use for the Digital Download Store. The account information is used to enable you to download or stream your Digital Products, manage your digital locker and your devices, implement parental controls and receive updates related to hardware, software or content license updates. You will also be required to review and accept the Terms of Use and the End User License Agreement which governs the use of Digital Product and any applications that facilitate playback. You will be required to register each permitted device that you use to download or stream digital content with your account. Only residents of Canada, accessing the Cineplex Store from within Canada, may purchase and download or stream Digital Product for purchase or rental from the Cineplex Store;The rental period for Digital Product is up to thirty (30) days from the date of purchase or in the case of pre-order, from the date of availability (the "Rental Period");Rental Digital Product may be viewed for up to forty-eight (48) hours after the time of initial playback, provided such initial playback is within the Rental period; Purchased Digital Product has an unlimited viewing period;On occasion, some content providers may invoke a blackout period with respect to some Digital Product titles. If you have purchased a Digital Product title which is entering a black out period, and you have not yet downloaded the Digital Product title to your computer, we may attempt to notify you of the upcoming blackout period at the email address provided by you. Conditions re Sale to Minors and non-residents of Canada : Non-residents of Canada are not permitted to purchase or rent any Digital Products from the Cineplex Store;Minors who do not have the permission of a parent or legal guardian are not permitted to: purchase or rent Digital Products from the Cineplex Store;redeem Gift Cards from the Cineplex Store; orredeem Scene+ points from the Cineplex Store Your purchase or rental of Digital Products from the Cineplex Store constitutes your confirmation that you are: (i) an adult who has obtained the age of majority in the Canadian province or territory in which you reside; or (ii) a minor who is purchasing or renting Digital Product or redeeming Gift Cards or Scene+ points with the permission of your parent or legal guardian; and (ii) a resident of Canada who is accessing the Cineplex Store from within Canada. Adults who have obtained the age of majority in the Canadian province or territory in which they reside are encouraged to use the Parental Control settings within their accounts. Parental controls are available for use on Televisions, Blu-ray players and Home Theatre Systems carrying the Cineplex Store digital service. Violations of Terms of Use If you breach any of the Terms of Use you may no longer use this Website. Cineplex may, in its sole discretion, cancel or terminate your right to use this Website, or any part of this Website, at any time without notice. In the event of such cancellation or termination, you are no longer authorized to access this Website or that part of this Website affected by such cancellation or termination. In such event, the restrictions imposed upon you by these Terms of Use shall still apply. Cineplex shall not be liable, obligated or otherwise responsible to any party for damages arising from such a cancellation or termination. Cineplex reserves the right to seek all remedies available to it at law and in equity for violations of the Terms of Use. Other Countries This Website may be accessed from countries around the world, other than Canada, and may contain references to Cineplex products, services, and programs that have not been announced and are not available in your country. These references do not imply that Cineplex intends to announce or make available such products, services or programs in your country. Cineplex makes no representation or warranty that the content on this Website is appropriate, available for use or legal in countries, territories or lands other than Canada. Cineplex makes no representation or warranty that accessing this Website from countries, territories or lands other than Canada is not prohibited.Those who choose to access this Website from countries, territories or lands other than Canada do so entirely on their own initiative and entirely at their own risk, and they are solely responsible for the consequences of same, and for compliance with their local laws. Laws These Terms of Use supersede any preceding terms of use on this Website and any other agreement regarding the use of this Website, whether oral or in writing, and render null and void any preceding terms of use on this Website or any other agreement regarding the use of this Website. This Website (excluding linked sites) is owned and/or controlled by Cineplex from its offices in the Province of Ontario, Canada. Cineplex makes no representations or warranties that the Website and/or Content is appropriate for, complies with the laws within, or is available in other jurisdictions. Those who use the Website from jurisdictions other than Canada do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with their local laws. By accessing this Website, you and Cineplex agree that all matters relating to your access to, and use of, this Website shall be governed by the statutes, regulations and laws of the Province of Ontario and of Canada, as such laws respectively apply. You and Cineplex agree and hereby submit and attorney to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the Province of Ontario and of Canada, at the City of Toronto, with respect to any and all matters arising in connection with these Terms of Use or in consequence of your use of the Website. If any provision the Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provision of these Terms of Use. Dispute Resolution You agree that any causes of action arising out of or related to these Website Terms or your use of the Website must formally commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, otherwise such cause of action is permanently prohibited. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE, THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP, AND THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THE NATURE AND CONSEQUENCES OF SAME, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND PROVISIONS CONTAINED THEREIN. IF AT ANY TIME YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY STOP USING OUR WEBSITE AND IF APPLICABLE, DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT. More At Cineplex Corporate Information Theatre Information Advertisement New tickets sales are on hold while we review government mandates.Looks like you're using an unsupported browser. Cineplex.com may not work as expected. MENU TicketsTheatresSearchAccount Français fr Terms of Membership PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP CAREFULLY BEFORE REGISTERING FOR OR USING YOUR ACCOUNT AT CINEPLEX.COM AS THEY CONTAIN BINDING LEGAL TERMS AND OBLIGATIONS INCLUDING LIMITATIONS OF CINEPLEX'S LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS. TABLE OF CONTENTS 1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS Welcome to Cineplex.com (hereinafter referred to as the "Website” or “Cineplex.com") The Website is provided to you by Cineplex Entertainment Limited Partnership (“Cineplex”) and its respective affiliates, related companies, unaffiliated partners, licensors and/or licensees. Cineplex provides you with the opportunity to register for membership into Cineplex’s online community (your “Membership” or “Account”). By registering for and using your Account with Cineplex.com you agree to be bound by the Terms of Membership, the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use (LINK TO: http://www.cineplex.com/Global/TermsOfUse.aspx), as set out below. The Terms of Membership do not replace the Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy but are in addition to them. For clarity, regardless of your failure to read the Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy, by registering for or using your Account with Cineplex.com, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by them. In consideration of your use of the Website, you declare that you thirteen (13) years old or older. Cineplex makes no representation or warranty that the Website is appropriate or available for use at any location outside Canada. If you access the Website from outside Canada, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. Cineplex recommends that you print a copy of the Terms of Membership, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for future reference. For any questions relating to the Terms of Membership, Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, please contact Cineplex via the online form found within Feedback Zone. 2. RESPONSIBILITY FOR MINORS This Website may contain material that is inappropriate for audiences under the age of thirteen (13). You acknowledge and agree that you will not authorize anyone under the age of thirteen (13) to access or view the Website. Cineplex believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using commercially available parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. If you are interested in learning more about these protections, information is available at www.cybersitter.com , www.netnanny.com or other analogous sites providing information on such protections. (Note: The preceding links are provided for information purposes only. Cineplex is not affiliated with these entities and the foregoing is not intended as an endorsement of these entities, their services or policies.) By registering for Membership or using your Account with Cineplex.com, you affirm that you are either over the age of 18, or possess legal parental or guardian consent if you are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18), and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in the Terms of Membership, and to abide by and comply with the Terms of Membership. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use this Website and talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you. If for any reason Cineplex believes a user may be under the age of 13 Cineplex reserves the right to request proof of age of such user. If such proof is not provided, or if it is discovered the user is under the age of 13 all personal information shall be deleted from our system and we reserve the right to limit and/or ban the user from our site. 3. CHANGED TERMS Cineplex shall have the right at any time to change or modify the Terms of Membership, Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use, or any part thereof, or to impose new conditions, including, but not limited to, adding fees and charges for such use. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately. Any use of the Website by you after publication thereof shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes, modifications or additions. Cineplex recommends that you check the Website periodically for any such changes to the Terms of Membership, Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use. 4.REGISTRATION For the purposes of registration for an Account with Cineplex.com, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and (b) maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If Cineplex has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Cineplex has the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website and use of the Website and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion thereof). Cineplex's use of any personally identifying information you provide as part of the Account registration process is governed by the terms of the Privacy Policy 5. PASSWORDS To use certain features of your Account or the Website, you may also need a username and password, which you will create through the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify Cineplex immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Cineplex and its respective affiliates, related companies, unaffiliated partners, licensors and/or licensees cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Cineplex’s and/or its respective affiliates, related companies, unaffiliated partners, licensors and/or licensees’ failure or your failure to protect your password or account information. 6. PRIVACY POLICY Please review our Privacy Policy . This policy applies to your Account and your use of the Website. It is designed to inform you of how we handle the personal and non-personal information that you provide to us. The Website is connected by "hyperlinks" to third party websites. Cineplex is not responsible in any way for the privacy practices on other websites and suggest that you review the privacy policies on those linked websites before using them. Cineplex is accountable for its Privacy Policy and the practices on the Website. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy practices on the Website, please address them in writing to the following e-mail address: privacy@cineplex.com What If I Do Not Agree With Cineplex’s Policies? By visiting the Website and voluntarily providing personal information to register for an Account, you agree to the terms of the Terms of Membership, the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms please do not use Account or the Website. Should you wish to know more about the manner in which your personal information is handled by Cineplex, please contact privacy@cineplex.com . 7. NO ADVICE The information contained on the Website is for informational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended to provide legal, accounting, tax, investment, financial, medical or other advice to you, and you should not rely upon the information to provide any such advice. 8. LINKING The Website may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Cineplex of the contents of such third party websites. Cineplex is not responsible for the content of any third party website, nor does it make any representation or warranty of any kind regarding any third party website including, without limitation: (a) any representation or warranty regarding the legality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, suitability of any content on any third party website; (b) any representation or warranty regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of any material, content, software, goods or services located at or made available through such third party websites; (c) any representation or warranty that the operation of the third party websites will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects or errors in such third party websites will be corrected or that such third party websites will be free from viruses or other harmful components; or (d) any representation or warranty that the content of such third party websites is suitable to children under the age of eighteen (18).While Cineplex encourages links to the Website, you shall not link the Website to or from any third party website which: (a) contains, posts or transmits any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including, without limitation, any content constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, provincial, national or international law, or regulation, or which may be damaging or detrimental to the activities, operations, credibility or integrity of Cineplex (or its affiliated companies) or which contains, posts or transmits any material or information of any kind which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, could be harmful to minors, harasses or bullies or advocates harassment or bullying of another person, provides material that exploits people under the age of eighteen (18) in a sexual or violent manner, provides instructional information about illegal activities, including, without limitation, the making or buying of illegal weapons, drugs, movies or videos or (b) contains, posts or transmits any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights, or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. Cineplex reserves the right to prohibit or refuse to accept any link to the Website, including, without limitation, any link which contains or makes available any content or information of the foregoing nature, at any time. You agree to remove any link you may have to the Website upon the request of Cineplex. Failure to do so may result in the cancellation of your account and/or suspension or termination of your access to this Website. 9. MALICIOUS USE You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Website or the content therein. Cineplex will use information security practices and is not liable in the case of breach of implemented physical, technical and managerial security controls. 10. USER SUBMISSIONS User Submissions - General: You acknowledge and agree that when using the Website, you will be exposed to user-submitted content (" User Submissions ") from a variety of sources, and that Cineplex is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Submissions. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Cineplex with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Cineplex, its affiliated companies, successors, assigns, agents, officers, directors, employees, representatives, partners, licensors and/or licensees, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Website. A User Submission is the sole responsibility of the person from which such User Submission originated. In connection with the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that you are entirely responsible for all User Submissions that you submit to the Website and you represent and warrant that: (a) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Cineplex to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by Cineplex and the Terms of Membership and Terms of Use; and (b) you have the written consent of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and the Terms of Membership and Terms of Use. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ANY DISCLOSURE OF ANY USER SUBMISSION OR RELATED MATERIAL TO THE WEBSITE BE SUBJECT TO ANY OBLIGATION OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR EXPECTATION OF COMPENSATION.BY POSTING CONTENT OR ANY RELATED MATERIAL TO THE WEBSITE, YOU ARE REPRESENTING AND WARRANTING TO CINEPLEX THAT THE SUBMITTED CONTENT (AND ALL PARTS OF IT) OR ANY RELATED MATERIAL ARE WHOLLY ORIGINAL TO YOU, THAT NO ONE ELSE HAS ANY RIGHTS IN THE SUBMITTED CONTENT OR ANY RELATED MATERIAL AND THAT CINEPLEX IS FREE TO IMPLEMENT, PUBLISH, DISTRIBUTE, REPRODUCE, COMMUNICATE (AND AUTHORIZE THE COMMUNICATION OF), TRANSMIT, MODIFY AND OTHERWISE EXPLOIT THE SUBMITTED CONTENT (INCLUDING ANY IDEA AND/OR SUGGESTION) AND TO USE THE RELATED MATERIAL IF IT SO DESIRES, AS PROVIDED OR AS MODIFIED BY CINEPLEX, WITHOUT OBTAINING PERMISSION OR LICENSE FROM YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY. Cineplex does not condone the submission of inappropriate content including, without limitation, content that is defamatory, discriminatory or illegal. Cineplex shall make commercially reasonable efforts to monitor User Submissions at all times to determine compliance with the Terms of Membership and Terms of Use and any operating rules established by Cineplex and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request. With respect to your User Submission, you agree to not use the Website to submit any content that: A. is offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; B. could be harmful to minors; C. harasses or bullies or advocates harassment or bullying of another person; D. promotes information that is false, misleading, is illegal or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; E. infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party including, without limitation, promoting an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or movies or links to pirated music or movie files; F. contains or displays any trademark and associated logo(s) owned by or licensed to a third party, unless you have the express written consent from such third party to use and to authorize Cineplex to use such trademark and/or logo(s); G. contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); H. provides material that exploits people in a sexual or violent manner; I. contains or displays content of a sexually explicit nature; nudity, sexual activity etc. J. solicits personal information from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age; K. facilitates the impersonation of another person in furtherance of identity theft and/or fraud; L. provides instructional information about illegal activities such as by way of example only, making or buying illegal weapons, drugs or movies or video?, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; M. solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; N. you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under any contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary or confidential information); O. engages in commercial activities and/or sales without Cineplex’s prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes; and P. contains or will contain any disabling mechanism or protection feature designed to prevent its use including any clock, timer, counter, computer virus, worm, software lock, drop dead device, Trojan horse routine, trap door, time bomb or any other codes, designs, routines or instructions that may be used to access, modify, replicate, distort, delete damage or disable the Website and any world wide web pages or any operating system software or hardware on which the Website is operated or displayed. The above is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the Website. All users of the Website are encouraged to report inappropriate content to the Content Moderation Team as follows: (a) via the Contact Us form (coming soon) or (b) via the "Inappropriate Content" link located in the Website console. In connection with the foregoing, Cineplex reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Cineplex's sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. All reports of inappropriate content will be investigated in a timely matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these prohibitions are inserted for the benefit of Cineplex and, subject to applicable laws and regulations, may be waived at Cineplex’s sole discretion.In connection with the foregoing, Cineplex reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to remove content and/or User Submissions without prior notice. You acknowledge and agree that Cineplex may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms of Membership, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any content or User Submissions violate the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Cineplex, its users and the general public. User Submissions - Ownership: You retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submission. By uploading and/or posting your User Submission to the Website, you grant Cineplex a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted, worldwide license to: (a) use, reproduce, store, adapt, translate, modify, make derivative works from, transmit, distribute, publicly perform or display such User Submission for any purpose via all forms of media now known or hereafter devised; and (b) to transfer or sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights. In addition to the grant of the above license, you hereby: (a) agree to waive all moral rights in your User Submission in favour of Cineplex; (b) consent to your user profile name, and e-mail appearing as the contributor of your User Submission, where applicable, and to the disclosure and/or display of such information and any other information which appears in or is associated with your User Submission; (c) acknowledge and agree that Cineplex is not responsible for any loss, damage, or corruption that may occur to your User Submission; and (d) acknowledge and agree that any User Submission you provide for display on the Website is non-confidential. You also hereby grant each user of the Website a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under the Terms of Membership and Terms of Use. 11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS The content on the Website, except all User Submissions (as defined above), including without limitation, video, auditory (sounds), text, imagery, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, interactive features (defined as "Content") and the branding, trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to Cineplex, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under Canadian Civil Law and foreign laws and international conventions. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for your information and/or entertainment and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of Cineplex. Cineplex reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and all Content. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User Submissions of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes. Cineplex respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks that everyone using the Website does the same. Cineplex will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take any actions, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate. Notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent via the online form located in Feedback Zone. 12. TERMINATION You agree that Cineplex, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Website, and remove and discard any User Submissions within the Website at its convenience and for any reason whatsoever including, without limitation, if Cineplex believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Terms of Membership and Terms of Use. Cineplex may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue the Website, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any suspension and/or termination of your access to the Website may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Cineplex may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Website generally. You further agree that Cineplex shall not be liable to you or to any other person as a result of any such suspension or termination.If you are dissatisfied with the Website or with any terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices of Cineplex in operating the Website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Website. 13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: A) YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE AND ANY HYPERLINKED THIRD PARTY WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. CINEPLEX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT; B) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CINEPLEX MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (i) THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL VIEWED OBTAINED OR PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, ANY OPINION, VIEW OR IDEA CONTAINED IN ANY BROADCAST, CHANNEL, ARTICLE, STORY OR COLUMN PUBLISHED ON THE WEBSITE IS THAT OF THE SUBMITTING USER AND DOES NOT REFLECT OR REPRESENT THE VIEWS OF CINEPLEX OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, LICENSORS OR LICENSEES; C) ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE WEBSITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL; D) CINEPLEX DOES NOT REPRESENT WARRANT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, VIEWS, OPINIONS, RECOMMENDATIONS OR ADVERTISEMENTS DISTRIBUTED THROUGH OR ACCESSED FROM ANY OF THE SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE. CINEPLEX DOES NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR ENDORSE ANY PRODUCT, INFORMATION OR MATERIAL THAT IS DISPLAYED, PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF AN ADVERTISEMENT OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR OFFER DISPLAYED ON THE WEBSITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED THIRD PARTY WEBSITES; AND E) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP, PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE. 14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT CINEPLEX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF CINEPLEX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO, THROUGH OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES THEREOF; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE WEBSITE; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES THEREOF. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CINEPLEX HAS ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERMS OF USE, AND HAS AND WILL MAKE THE WEBSITE, SERVICES AND CONTENT AVAILABLE TO YOU IN RELIANCE UPON THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY AND THE DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERMS OF USE, AND THAT THE SAME FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND CINEPLEX. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY AND THE DISCLAIMERS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERMS OF USE WILL SURVIVE, AND CONTINUE TO APPLY IN THE CASE OF, FUNDAMENTAL BREACH OR BREACHES, THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF CONTRACT, THE FAILURE OF ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OR TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 15.INDEMNITY You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Cineplex, its affiliated companies, successors, assigns, agents, officers, directors, employees, representatives, partners, licensors and/or licensees from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses including, without limitation, legal fees and disbursements resulting directly or indirectly from: (a) your breach of the Terms of Membership and Terms of Use; (b) your access, use or inability to access or use the Website or any website to which the Website is or may be linked to from time to time; (c) your use of, reliance on, publication, communication or distribution, uploading or downloading of anything on or from the Website; (d) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation, any copyright, property, or privacy right; (e) any claim that one of your User Submissions caused damage to a third party; or (f) your violation of any law or regulation. 16. GOVERNING LAW These Terms of Membership shall be interpreted, construed and governed by the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without reference to its conflict of laws principles. 17. GENERAL You acknowledge and agree that: A) the Terms of Membership, together with the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Cineplex on the Website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Cineplex concerning the Website; B) the Terms of Membership, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be transferred or assigned by Cineplex without restriction; C) if any provision of the Terms of Membership is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Membership, which shall remain in full force and effect; D) no waiver of any term of the Terms of Membership shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Cineplex's failure to assert any right or provision under the Terms of Membership shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision; E) Cineplex reserves the right to amend the Terms of Membership at any time, and it is your responsibility to review the Terms of Membership, together with the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for any changes; F) your use of the Website following any amendment of these Terms of Membership will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms; and G) you and Cineplex agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Website must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise such cause of action is permanently barred. Cineplex.com Community Standards & Posting Guidelines These comments are governed by the following set of standards that will apply to all community members and their posts. To more fully understand your obligations while a visitor to our site, please read our Terms of Membership in its entirety. We reserve the right to remove any material that does not (in our sole judgment) comply with these standards and to revoke posting privileges at our sole discretion without warning or explanation. Our decisions are considered final. By participating, you are agreeing to abide by our Community Rules and Standards as set out below. Our goal is to provide a safe and enjoyable online community where members are expected to treat each other courteously and with respect. Community Rules & Standards Age: You must be at least 13 years old to register and participate in our community. Agree to Disagree, Respectfully: Cineplex.com is a place where it's okay and we encourage you to be yourself -- as long as you always act with respect for your fellow members. Be respectful and civil to other members, even if you disagree with them. The objective of our community is to understand each other, not to attack others and convince them that you're right. Name calling, insults, "flaming" and attacks are not appropriate and will not be tolerated. Agree to disagree respectfully. Don't Be Afraid to Post: If you're new to our community, taking the step for the first time to post a message can sometimes seem intimidating. Don't be afraid to jump into a discussion or respond to a comment or a review. Keep Your Posts Clean: Any unacceptable content (posts, member names, or subject lines containing profanity, sexually graphic or offensive language, etc.) will be refused or deleted. Similarly, any posts that solicit or offer explicit or x-rated GIFs, JPEGs or other graphic or video files will be deleted without notice and your posting privileges may be revoked. Please keep in mind that this is a public website.No personal information such as email addresses, phone numbers, and Instant Message Identities will be permitted to be posted in the community. Posts that request members to submit personal information to another party will be removed unless these posts have been pre-approved by the Cineplex Moderation Team. This includes, but is not limited to, communications that ask for personal information submitted via email, mail, telephone, surveys, and research studies. Flooding and Spam: Please do not flood or spam, post chain letters, pyramid schemes, junk mail, or URLs for outside sites that violate any of these guidelines. Failure to comply with this will result in an account suspension and could prevent you from further accessing the Website. Keep an Open Mind: Whether you're looking for answers or have questions about Cineplex, our members are here to help, however, please keep in mind that other members may claim expertise or status (legal, medical, etc.) that they do not, in fact, possess. Use your discretion in following their advice and keep an open mind when participating in the community. Harassment and Threats: We do not allow harassing, threatening, racist, abusive, hateful, violent, or obscene language or behaviour. Any prejudicial statements, comments or remarks in post or profiles will be removed immediately and your posting privileges may be revoked. Retaliation against any person complaining of discrimination will not be tolerated. Illegal Activities: Participation in, suggesting, or encouraging any illegal activity is cause for immediate deletion and suspension of posting privileges, and may be reported to the appropriate authorities. Be Courteous: Avoid Duplicate Posts: Do not post the same message more than once. Duplicate messages can be frustrating for other members, especially for those whose time and energy is limited. Weeding through the same message in multiple locations can be not only frustrating, but downright annoying. Duplicate messages will be deleted. Don't Post Advertisements or Self Promotional or Commercial Items: No commercial solicitation or advertising will be allowed. Posts containing commercial or product/service promotional messages -- included but not limited to references to internet sites, URLs, or links to other commercial Web sites -- will be removed. Don't Post Others' Copyrighted Information: Any articles, news reports, or other copyrighted material included in the posts must be with the permission of the relevant copyright owners. If such an event occurs, the individual posting the information shall be held solely responsible. Cineplex will not be held responsible for member-posted information that may violate copyright law. Re-publishing Your Words: We know your words can inspire many members, and we want to bring the best of our community to a larger audience. We do this by quoting your posts in newsletters, and other promotions including, but not limited to, TV, magazines, newspapers, radio, Internet and product packaging. When re-publishing your quotes for wide distribution, we will identify you only by your screen name. Reporting Problems: If you encounter a violation to these Standards and Posting guidelines or are having problems navigating our site or finding information, please contact us at via the Contact Us form (coming soon) . Reserve the Right: By posting to any portion of this site, you agree to abide by our Terms of Membership , Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Please ensure that you have read each of these documents prior to posting. Cineplex reserves the right to remove any post which does not relate to the topic being discussed. More At Cineplex Corporate Information Theatre Information Advertisement New tickets sales are on hold while we review government mandates.