Privacy and Security Square’s approach to security is designed to protect both merchants and their customers. Read about how we keep you and your information safe. Privacy at Square Square respects your privacy and works hard to protect your personal information. We want you to understand how we may collect, store, use and protect your personal information. We will not share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy . When you downloaded our software in order to use our services you agreed to accept this policy. We may change this policy at any time. We will post notifications of revised versions of our policy on our website, and revised policies will be immediately effective. Throughout this Privacy Policy, we will refer to our website, software, and services collectively as the “Service.” Please note, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means than your use of the Service (including offline) or from other sources. Protecting the privacy of minors is especially important. For that reason, Square does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register with our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Square. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us . Additionally, you must be over 18 in order to create an account with Square. Changes to Our Privacy Policy If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Security at Square To protect Square account holders and their customers, all information our customers submit is encrypted to our servers, regardless of whether you’re using a public or private WiFi connection or a data service on your phone (such as 3G, 4G or EDGE). Square complies with all required PCI standards . As per our Terms , Security Policy and Privacy Policy , we will never sell information to third party vendors. Square protects its systems with industry-leading technology and security controls, including: Square performs data encryption within the card reader at the moment of swipe.Square’s software is developed using industry-standard security best practices.Square’s servers are monitored around the clock by dedicated security staff.Square’s employees act in accordance with security policies designed to keep your data safe. Since Square itself is PCI compliant , we don’t require account holders to validate PCI compliance. Merchants who use Square for all storage, processing, and transmission of payment card data do not need to validate PCI compliance for those transactions. We strive to provide a safe environment for both buyers and sellers. Please review our Terms for items and services prohibited by Square . Feel free to contact our Privacy Team with any questions or concerns regarding our policy. Square, Inc.1455 Market StreetSuite 600San Francisco, CA 94103 Security What’s in this article? How can we improve this article? This feedback is used only to improve this Support Center article and is not sent to our Support team. Questions requiring a reply can be sent from the contact link at the top of this page. Related Articles Secure Data Encryption View Article Square's Information Collection Policies View Article Permissions Required for the Square App View Article Square Profile FAQ View Article Can't find what you need? © 2023 Block, Inc. Choose your region and language Cookie preferences Manage cookie preferences Strictly necessary technology These technologies are necessary for us to provide you with the Services. Performance and analytical technology Performance and analytical technology This information is used to make sure our Services can cope with the volume of users, to help us correct errors in the Services and to measure use across our Services. These technologies help us understand if you have used our Services before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive. They also help us understand how long you spend using our Services and from where you have accessed the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn about the most popular aspects of the Services.Functionality technology Functionality technology These technologies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated, and information you have provided to us to give you a customized experience. For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process. Retargeting or advertising technology Retargeting or advertising technology We use third parties, for example, Google Analytics, to analyze statistical information from users of the Site. We might be able to associate such information with other information which we collect from you once we receive it from a third party. For example, these technologies may collect information about whether you clicked an ad to download our application. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelSupport We’re experiencing issues that may affect your Square services. We’ll continue to update our status page with more information. Square's Information Collection Policies We go to great lengths to ensure your personal information, and that of your customers’, is protected. Learn more about Square’s privacy and security policies . Information Collected by Square When you register for a Square account, we collect the following information: When you create a Square account: we collect your name, location, phone number, email address and other related information.When you access your Square account to settle funds: we collect bank account and payment card numbers, and information about financial institutions where you conduct business.When we verify your identity and underwrite your application for an account: we will request additional personal information to confirm your identity and manage our risk. We may ask you for your driver’s license number, social security number, birth date or other personal information. At times, we will obtain information about you from third party verification services and credit bureaus. When you use our service: we record your account transactions, transaction location, and we may collect information about your computer or access device.When you create a buyer account online , we collect your name, email, payment card information, location or shipping information, and phone number. Additional information from or about you may also be collected in other ways, including responses to customer surveys or your communications with our customer service team. We collect account and transaction information through technologies such as cookies and log files. It is important for us to track how our website is used, and we (or our service providers) may place “cookies” on your computer or device. Cookies are small data files that identify you when you use our services. You have the option to decline our cookies by using your browser’s settings tools, but this may interfere with your use of our website and services. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you register with or view our site, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We do not sell information to third party vendors. For more information, please review Square’s Terms of Service , Privacy Policy , and Security Policy , as well as our Buyer Account Terms and Buyer Features Privacy Policy . Protecting Your Personal Information Any information that can be used to identify a person is “Personal Information.” This does not include information that has been aggregated or made anonymous. All information is securely stored on our servers. Our safeguards and procedures have been implemented in accordance with applicable law and regulations to maintain the physical and electronic security of our software, services, and your personal information. Our measures include firewalls, system-wide data encryption, physical and electronic access controls, and strict rules regarding the access and use of data on our system. You can also take steps to keep your information secure by using strong, distinct passwords for all your online services. Password management software used on your computer or mobile device can help you generate and keep track of your passwords. Using Personal Information We use your Personal Information to provide you the features and functionality of the Service, and may share it with our trusted third parties, to ensure that you have a safe, high-performance experience when using the Service. When you use the Service, including accepting or making a payment, requesting funds, contacting customer service or requesting technical support, in addition to many other interactions with Square, we will apply the information that we have collected. Knowing this information allows us to verify your identity, communicate with you, and enforce our agreements with you, as well as secure the best possible experience for all Square members by ensuring compliance with US state and federal laws and our own policies. We may also use this information to measure how our members use the Service, and improve and enhance our offerings to you. Square may use certain information about you without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used, diagnosing service or technical problems, maintaining security, and personalizing content.We use cookies and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our customers or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in. Sharing Personal Information Square will not rent or sell your Personal Information to others. Square may share your Personal Information with third parties for the purpose of providing services to you (such as those described below). If we do this, such third parties’ use of your Personal Information will be bound by terms at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Square (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). Processing payments requires that we share your personal information with third parties, including but not limited to: Service providers who provide us a range of essential operational services including fraud prevention, transaction processing, collections, direct marketing, and managed technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.Verification services and credit bureaus to underwrite your application for Square accounts and to comply with our legal credit reporting rights and obligations. Financial institutions that allow us to offer your payment processing services, and partner with us to develop new offerings for you and other Square members.Fellow Square members who may accept payments from you, or provide services to you, through using Square.Law enforcement authorities or government representatives who may require us to share information in order to comply with court order and other legal mandates, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to report suspicious activities, prevent physical harm, financial loss, or violations of our agreements and policies. Other third parties, subject to your prior consent or direction. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, Member, transaction, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution. From time to time, we may run contests, special offers, or other events or activities (“Events”) on the Service together with third party partners. If you provide information to such third parties, you give them permission to use it for the purpose of that Event and any other use that you approve. We cannot control third parties’ use of your information. If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party, you can choose not to participate in these Events. Except as otherwise described in this article or our Privacy Policy , Square will not disclose Personal Information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms , take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Square, our account holders or others. Compromise of Personal Information In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Square will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this article or our Privacy Policy , by email, or as otherwise required by applicable law. Your choices about your Information You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case Square may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your account information at any time by logging in to your account. You can review and correct the information about you that Square keeps on file by contacting us . Buyer Information Information to help you and your customers recall transactions is available from the Transactions tab of your online Square Dashboard. Learn more about accessing customer information . Security What’s in this article? How can we improve this article?This feedback is used only to improve this Support Center article and is not sent to our Support team. Questions requiring a reply can be sent from the contact link at the top of this page. Related Articles Privacy and Security View Article Secure Data Encryption View Article General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Square Online View Article Get Started with Customer Engagement View Article Can't find what you need? © 2023 Block, Inc. Choose your region and language Cookie preferences Manage cookie preferences Strictly necessary technology These technologies are necessary for us to provide you with the Services. Performance and analytical technology Performance and analytical technology This information is used to make sure our Services can cope with the volume of users, to help us correct errors in the Services and to measure use across our Services. These technologies help us understand if you have used our Services before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive. They also help us understand how long you spend using our Services and from where you have accessed the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn about the most popular aspects of the Services. Functionality technology Functionality technology These technologies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated, and information you have provided to us to give you a customized experience. For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process. Retargeting or advertising technology Retargeting or advertising technology We use third parties, for example, Google Analytics, to analyze statistical information from users of the Site. We might be able to associate such information with other information which we collect from you once we receive it from a third party. For example, these technologies may collect information about whether you clicked an ad to download our application. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label