PRIVACY Data privacy is priority We are committed to providing our users control over their personal data, with full transparency into our privacy practices. Privacy Policy Cloudinary’s handling of personal data aligns with all applicable data privacy laws. Website visitors and registered users with a Cloudinary account can view Cloudinary’s privacy practices in the privacy policy. Data Processing Agreement Our DPA covers all necessary data processing commitments and practices, describes the controls and safeguards that we have put in place, and applies globally to any customer who has signed an agreement for the purchase of a subscription. GDPR Cloudinary implements controls, measures procedures, and policies to allow its clients to process personal data in compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) EU 2106/679. Storage & Transfer Cloudinary uses AWS servers located worldwide, and provides its enterprise customers with the ability to choose that their data will be stored in the EEA. Any data transfer is treated in accordance with our DPA, the New EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC), and our Transfer Impact Analysis (TIA). Sub-Processors Cloudinary’s main sub-processes are some of the world’s most trusted companies. We conduct careful due diligence on the privacy and security practices of third parties we engage to help us provide our services. You can find our list of sub-processors. CCPA/CPRA Cloudinary invested significant efforts to provide a trusted environment for its clients to meet their obligations under US consumer privacy laws and in particular the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). SECURITY Security is the priority Cloudinary upholds strict international standards and adheres to applicable regulations to keep your data safe. The Cloud Security Alliance CAIQ questionnaire offers an industry-accepted methodology to document what security controls exist in IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS services, providing security control transparency. Cloudinary is an AWS APN Advanced Technology Partner. To receive the designation, APN Partners must possess deep AWS expertise and deliver solutions seamlessly on AWS, including passing an annual AWS Well-Architected Framework audit. Bug Bounty Program Cloudinary’s Bug Bounty Program enables globally crowdsourced 24/7/365 vulnerability and risk detection. As a result, systems are under constant scrutiny by dozens of security researchers, who are rewarded for responsible disclosure. Penetration Tests Cloudinary conducts ongoing third-party penetration tests by trusted industry experts at least annually, to expose potential vulnerabilities and risks. Once identified, these are addressed and mitigated. Security Features We support industry-standard controls to help protect your media. Security features include access controls, single sign-on, multi-factor authentication, and strict enforcement of access patterns. Access is granted according to the principle of least privilege and is fully monitored, end-to-end. Business Continuity Our internal Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery plan ensures that critical operations are always available, allowing our services to recover quickly and with minimal data loss in face of any adverse event. Cloudinary facilitates geographic isolation with regional redundant data centers. Reliability Cloudinary products are built on best-in-class core technologies and are designed to remain operational under nearly every operational situation or circumstance. Service Status System availability and performance, real-time service status reports, system disruptions, and outage reports are available on our status page. Every API response includes Server-Timing headers. System Availability A complete record of system uptime is measured by a third-party and is published on our website. We are committed to a 99.9% uptime. Compliance Cloudinary undergoes audits by an independent and accredited certification body which verifies it has a systematic approach to managing sensitive information. It included all aspects of the company – people, processes, and systems – by applying a risk-based approach. SOC 2 Type II certified The SOC reports are independent third-party examination reports, produced by Deloitte, that demonstrate how Cloudinary has achieved key compliance controls and objectives that meet the SOC 2 Trust Principles criteria for Security, Availability, Privacy, Confidentiality and the HIPAA Security Rule. © 2023 Cloudinary. All rights reserved.Cloudinary Privacy Policy Cloudinary Ltd. and its affiliates (“ we ” or “ us ”), value your privacy and are committed to secure and protect identifiable information related to you (“ Personal Information ”).This Privacy Policy forms an integral part of the Cloudinary’s Terms of Use , which govern the use of Cloudinary’s media optimization solutions (the “ Services ”).This policy describes how we receive, collect, use, store, share, transfer, and process Personal Information, and your rights in relation to the Personal Information. This policy applies to: (a) use of Cloudinary’s websites ( Cloudinary.com and any of its subdomains), including any information provided through registration and contact pages; (b) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conferences, events, demo requests, emails etc.; and (c) information and data provided as part of your use of the Services following a subscription to the Services via our website, whether as a free or a fee-based account. If you purchased subscription to the Services, by executing an order form with Cloudinary, the information collected through your use of the Services is processed under the terms of our Data Processing Agreement (“ DPA ”). The summary of this policy highlights important elements of our privacy practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. Policy Highlights Personal Information You Provide We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way. If you register with the Services, as part of registration and for notice purposes, you will be asked to provide your name, your company name, email address and password, and your payment details to process your payment for the Services. We further receive any Personal Information that you provide when contacting us. Read More -> Personal Information We Collect We use “cookies” and obtain information when your browser interacts with our websites. We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information such as the IP address that your device uses and your browser or operating system identifiers. We collect session durations and additional activity and usage information. Read More -> Personal Information Uploaded to the Services As part of your use of the Services, you may upload content such as images and other media to the Services containing Personal Information. Please use caution and do not upload personal information related to others without their knowledge and approval, and do not upload any intimate and sensitive information. Read More -> How Personal Information is Used We use Personal Information to provide and maintain the Services, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Services from misuse and law violations. Read More -> Sharing Personal Information with Others We will share Personal Information only subject to the terms of this policy, or subject to your prior consent. We use service providers and partners to support the Services that we provide, for example, to process payments, to understand user behavior on our Services and to send messages. We also share Personal Information with our affiliated companies and when we change our corporate structure. Read More -> Transfer of Personal Information We use cloud-based services to store, process and access Personal Information in the European Union, in the United States and in other regions to support our Services. These service providers provide us adequate privacy, security and confidentiality commitments. Read More -> Your Rights Under Specific Laws Specific chapters under this policy address additional disclosures related to our processing and use of Personal Information under the European Union data protection laws and the United States consumer privacy laws, applicable specifically for residents of the EU or US. Read More -> Contact Us If you have any questions about this policy or believe that your privacy rights are compromised, please contact us at: privacy@cloudinary.com . Cloudinary Privacy Policy Personal Information You Provide We receive and store any information you provide us when you access and use our Services. When you sign up to our Services through our website at: www.cloudinary.com , or through a separate subscription agreement with us, then as part of such registration we will ask you to provide Personal Information, including your name, your company name, your email address and to set a password. You can also sign up with your existing account with third parties such Google or Github, and in these cases we will use your credentials with these services to sign you up. If you subscribe to a paid account of the Services, we will receive your payment transaction details (for example, your name, the amount paid and the date of payment), from the payment service provider that processed your payment.We do not receive or process the details of your credit card or other payment method that you use to pay for the Services. When you contact us, or when we contact you, we will receive and process any Personal Information that you provide us. Personal Information We Collect We use “cookies” and obtain information when your browser interacts with our websites. For further information about cookies, please see our Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy . Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address used by your device to connect your device to the Internet and automatically sent by your browser to our Services; login details; e-mail address; password; device and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform. When you use the Services, we collect information about your activities, for example, your log-in and log-out time, the duration of your Services’ sessions, the content that you have uploaded and downloaded, viewed online-pages or specific content on online-pages, activity measures and geo-location. Personal Information Uploaded to the Services You have control over the content that you upload to the Services, whether from your personal device or from a cloud-based hosting service. Please refer to Cloudinary’s Terms of Use for information about acceptable use of the Services and guidelines with respect to uploading Contributed Content (as defined in the Term of Use). Such content may include Personal Information. PLEASE NOTE THAT CONTENT UPLOADED TO THE SERVICES IS DESIGNATE BY DEFAULT AS PUBLIC AND WILL BE ACCESSIBLE TO OTHERS, INCLUDING VISITORS OF YOUR WEBSITE AND WEB APPLICATION. THEY ARE NOT DESIGNED TO HOST INTIMATE AND SENSITIVE INFORMATION OF ANY KIND. PLEASE USE CAUTION WHEN UPLOADING THE CONTENT AND AVOID ANY INVOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION, OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATED TO OTHERS WITHOUT THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND APPROVAL. How Personal Information is Used We use the Personal Information we collect and receive to provide the Services to you and to other users, to enable the Service’s tools and features, to study and analyze the functionality of the Services and users’ activities, to provide support, to measure Service activity for pricing purposes, to maintain and support the Service, to make it better and to continue developing the Service. We will use your email address to contact you when necessary, to send you reminders and to provide you information and notices about the Service. We will include commercial and marketing information about our Service and related services to the Cloudinary platform. Please note that by registering for our Services or creating an account, you will be receiving different communications from us, including marketing materials. If required by law, we will ask for your explicit consent for sending marketing communications. Please refer to the “Your Choice” section below if you wish to opt out of receiving marketing communications. If necessary, we will use Personal Information to enforce our terms, policies and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of the Service, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding. We commit to process Personal Information solely for the purposes described in this policy. Sharing Personal Information with Others We do not sell, rent or lease Personal Information. We will share Personal Information only subject to the terms of this policy, or subject to your prior consent. To supports the purposes of using Personal Information under this policy, we will share Personal Information with service providers, business partner and certain other third parties, including: Operations service providers that, for example, host and back up content, provide analytics related to the use of the Services, authenticate and secure log-ins, log activities, manage our production and development activities, operate our systems, networks and databases, and enable cyber security and fraud detection and prevention.Payment service providers – we will share your payment transaction details to process and verify your payments.Communications and marketing service providers, for example, we will use a service provider to manage our email messages transmission, engage local resellers to provide our Services to you in a local language, or for enriching user data in order to improve your user experience. Our affiliates within the Cloudinary group.Law enforcement, courts and other agencies, authorities and other relevant entities.We will comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and provide information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will also report uploaded content and shared Personal Information , if we have a good-faith belief that the content, or the sharing of the content is illegal, abusive or violates third party rights. Other entities as part of a merger, acquisition or any other corporate structural change. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to make sure that our Service is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy . We also use standard analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to learn about how you and other users use the Service, in support of our Service-related activities and operations. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies and they use their own cookies to provide their services. As part of our business and Services operations, we de-identify Personal Information and use the data in a statistical and aggregated information. We will share it with our partners, affiliates and other third parties for legitimate business purposes. We make considerable efforts to ensure that such data is unlikely to identify you or be associated specifically with you. Your Choice We provide you with choice and control on how we use Personal Information in connection with various aspect of our processing, as follows: Please contact us at privacy@cloudinary.com . if you would like to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails. At any time, you can unsubscribe our mailing lists or newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by accessing our unsubscribe page . You can manage your preferences related to use of cookies and similar technologies on our Services by following the instructions in our Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy . At any time, you can stop using the Services. Termination of your Cloudinary’s Services account is subject to the terms of your subscription agreement with us and the Terms of Use. Some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” signals to indicate your preference for tracking your activities on a service or through cross-site online activities. These features are varied with no uniform or common standard adopted yet by industry groups or regulators. Therefore, our Services do not currently respond to DNT signals. We continue to monitor developments around DNT technology and the implementation of a standard. Accessing Personal Information If you find that the information on your account is inaccurate, incomplete or not up-to-date, please contact us at: privacy@cloudinary.com and provide us with the necessary information to correct it. At any time, you can contact us at: privacy@cloudinary.com and request to access the Personal Information that we keep about you. We will ask you to provide us certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim to be and to as required under applicable law, we will make good-faith efforts to locate the Personal Information that you request to access and provide you with a copy. Following your review of the Personal Information you can request to correct, amend or delete Personal Information, if it is inaccurate, incomplete or not up-to-date, or if you believe that the processing of the Personal Information is in violation of applicable law. We will use discretion and due care to redact from the data which we will make available to you, personal information related to others. Where you believe that content containing Personal Information was uploaded to our Services by a third party user, please contact such user who uploaded that content with a request to remove Personal Information. Data Retention We retain Personal Information for different periods of time, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under the applicable law. For example, we will need to keep the information about your payment transactions for several years due to tax related requirements, for accounts settling, record keeping, archiving and legal issues. We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. At any time before or after the termination of your account, you can contact our privacy team at: privacy@cloudinary.com and request to delete your contact details. Note that we keep your details for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings, if and when necessary.Content uploaded to the Services such as images, videos, text, graphics or tags, and any data which is contained in such content will be deleted following the termination or deactivation of your subscription to the Services, and Cloudinary will not be responsible for any backup or retention of your content. However, the logs which indicate your access to such data and is used to create metrics for usage and billing, such as CDN logs, will be retained to allow you to resubscribe to the Services. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information, when we no longer need to process the information in an identifiable form. In any case, as long as you use the Service, we will keep information about you, unless the law requires us to delete it, or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy. Transfer of Personal Information We use AWS servers located either in the United States or in the European Union, depending on your location, and provide enterprise customers with the ability to restrict the hosting of their data to the European Economic Area (EEA). We process and access information, either directly or by using third parties such as data hosting service providers, in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Israel. The laws of these territories may differ from the laws of the jurisdiction in which you live or conduct your business. We make sure that our third-party service providers provide us with adequate confidentiality and security commitments and we take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Personal Information related to you is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. If you are a resident in a jurisdiction where transfer of Personal Information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then your consent to this Privacy Policy means that you expressly and unambiguously consent also to such transfer of Personal Information. If our use of the Personal Information is governed by laws restricting the transfer of personal information to other countries that do not provide an adequate level of protection to the Personal Information, we will use appropriate safeguards, in particular, by way of entering into appropriate contractual agreements with the relevant recipients, or by adhering to equivalent data transfer regulations to protect the security and confidentiality of such personal information. If mandated by law, you can obtain a copy of the suitable safeguards that we use when transferring personal information as described above or receive further information about the transfers by contacting us at: privacy@cloudinary.com . Information Security We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, measures, safeguards and procedures to secure Personal Information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of personal information. These measures provide sound industry standard security. However, although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Services will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse. Changes to this Privacy Policy From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor if any consequences, or if they are mandated by applicable laws, they will take effect immediately, or as required after we post a notice on the Service’s website or the notice through email. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice. Until the updated policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy rights under the then-existing policy you can choose not to accept it and terminate your use of the Services. Continuing to use the Services after the updated policy takes effect means that you acknowledge our updated practices and agree to them. Contact Us We conduct periodical assessments of our data processing activities and privacy practices, to make sure that we comply with this policy, to update the policy when we believe that we need to, and to verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about the way we process Personal Information, please contact our privacy team at: privacy@cloudinary.com , or write to us. Our address is published on our website at: www.cloudinary.com and indicated in your subscription agreement.Processing Personal Information Under EU Data Protection laws If EU data protection laws apply to the processing of Personal Information by Cloudinary, then the following terms apply in addition to the general terms of the policy: If you are a data controller, then for the purposes of content uploaded to the Services, Cloudinary acts as a data processor, and Cloudinary’s Data Processing Agreement applies to such processing. Lawful Grounds for Processing Where we process Personal Data related to you, as a data controller, the processing is based on the following lawful grounds: We process your account and payment details to perform the contract with you.We will process Personal Information to comply with a legal obligation and to protect your and others’ vital interests.We will further rely on our legitimate interests, which we believe are not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms, for the following purposes: Communications with you, including direct marketing where you are our client or a user of our client, or where you make contact with us through our websites, Services or otherwise. Cyber security.Support, customer relations, service operations.Enhancements and improvements to yours and other users’ experience with the website and Services.Fraud detection and misuse of the websites and Services. All processing of Personal Information which are not based on the lawful grounds indicated below, are based on your consent. our Rights under EU Data Protection Laws In addition to your rights under other sections in this policy, you have the following rights: AT ANY TIME, CONTACT US IF YOU WANT TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. EXERCISING THIS RIGHT WILL NOT AFFECT THE LAWFULNESS OF PROCESSING BASED ON CONSENT BEFORE ITS WITHDRAWAL.Request to delete or restrict access to Personal Information. We will review your request and use our discretion, pursuant to the provisions of the applicable law, to reach a decision about your request and respond to it.If you exercise one (or more) of the above-mentioned rights, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, you may request to be informed that third parties that hold Personal Information, in accordance with this policy, will act accordingly. You may ask to transfer Personal Information in accordance with your right to data portability.You may object to the processing of Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. Additional information about this right is available under the Choice section in this policy.You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affecting you.You have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the GDPR. A summary and further details about your rights under EU data protection laws, is available on the EU Commission’s website at: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en . equest to Exercise Your Rights Note that when you send us a request to exercise your rights, we will need to reasonably authenticate your identity and location. We will ask you to provide us credentials to make sure that you are who you claim to be and will further ask you questions to understand the nature and scope of your request. If we need to delete Personal Information following your request, it will take some time until we completely delete residual copies of Personal Information from our active servers and from our backup systems. If you have any concerns about the way we process Personal Information, you are welcome to contact our privacy team and our EU and UK representatives at: privacy@cloudinary.com . We will look into your inquiry and make good-faith efforts to respond promptly. Processing Personal Information Under US Consumer Privacy Laws This section of the policy applies solely to users of our Service who reside in the State of California and other applicable US states. This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of the policy. This chapter also serves as a notice at collection. The Categories of Personal Information that we Collect In the preceding twelve (12) months we have collected the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers and Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as name, email address and IP address.Commercial information, such as payment details.Internet or other similar network activity.Geolocation data.If you use of the Cloudinary media management platform service as an individual user and not on behalf of a Business, then we will collect and process any Personal Information embedded in the content that you upload to the platform.Inferences drawn from other Personal Information. Categories of Sensitive Personal Information Our Services are not intended for Sensitive Personal Information. We do not knowingly collect Sensitive Personal Information, and we require you not to use our Services or provide us with any such information. We do not collect or process Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you and we do not sell Sensitive Personal Information or share Sensitive Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. For the purpose of applicable laws under this section of the policy, Sensitive Personal Information means: A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.A consumer’s precise geolocation.A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless we are the business that is the intended recipient of the communication. A consumer’s genetic data.The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer.Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation. Categories of Sources for Personal Information Collection, Sharing and Disclosure We obtain the Personal Information directly from you, from your Services activities, from third parties such as event organizers, data providers and publicly available resources. We share Personal Information with third parties such as our service providers and our affiliates, as further described above under the section titled “Sharing Personal Information with Others” and for the purposes listed there. In the preceding twelve (12) months we have disclosed the categories of Personal Information as list above under in this section of the policy, for business purposes. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold Personal Information or shared Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. Selling and Sharing Personal Information We do not sell or share Personal Information as these terms are defined under applicable laws. However, we engage third parties to provide us with services such as analytics, marketing automation and user experience and allow them to collect Personal Information on our website and Services. We do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age. The categories of Personal Information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities and inferences drawn from such activities. These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information, but the right granted to them to collect Personal Information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or share for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt-out of the collection of Personal Information by our service providers. Your Rights under US Consumer Laws You are entitled to the following specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (‘ CCPA’ ), the California Privacy Rights Act (‘ CPRA’ ), and other US state consumer privacy acts, as applicable, in relation to Personal Information: You have a right to know what Personal Information we have collected about you. You can request that we will disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of Personal Information over the past 12 months. After verifying your request, we will disclose to you: The categories of Personal Information we collected about you;The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you;Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Information;The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information;The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;If we disclosed Personal Information for a business purpose, we will provide you with a list which will identify the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained. You have a right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you. You have a right to delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. For guidance about your opt-out options, please review our Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy . You can also request to opt-out by contacting us at: privacy@Cloudinary.com We do not hold identifying details of every user of our Service, website, and our other online assets.In these cases, you can restrict the ‘sale’ or ‘share’ of Personal Information by opting-out of receiving cookies from the relevant third parties. Opt-out cookies installed on your browser to signal your opt-out request may only apply to the specific device and browser that you have used to request the opt-out. If you use another device or browser, or if you delete cookies through your browser settings, we may automatically prompt the cookies consent notice when you revisit our Services, website or other online assets. If you would like to maintain your opt-out status with other devices or browsers that you use, please use your browser setting to block cookies, or otherwise reject the cookies when you are prompted with the cookie consent notice. We do not knowingly use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information. We will process such information only if you violate our Terms of Use and the terms of this policy, and upload Sensitive Personal Information to our Cloudinary media management platform service, or otherwise provide us with such information. If we hold such information, we will use and disclose it for reasons under applicable law that do not require us to provide you a right to limit the use of the Sensitive Personal Information. That said, you can contact our privacy team at: privacy@Cloudinary.com with requests or inquiries related to Sensitive Personal Information that may reside on our systems. We will not discriminate you and you will not be retaliated against because you have requested to exercise any of the rights under this section of the policy, including, but not limited to, by: Denying you from goods or Services.Charging different prices or rates for the Services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.Providing a different level or quality of the Services to you.Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for the services or a different level or quality of the Services. Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information As further provided above, we do not collect Sensitive Personal Information, we do not infer characteristics from Sensitive Personal Information and therefore we do not expect you to request us to limit the use of such information. If you have violated Cloudinary’s Terms of Use, or the provisions of this policy, and have provided us, or used our website or Services to process Sensitive Personal Information, you can still contact us at: privacy@cloudinary.com with questions or requests related to such information. Requests to Exercise Your Rights Please submit your request to us by sending an email to our privacy team at: privacy@cloudinary.com . Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to Personal Information. When you send the request on your own behalf, we will ask you for additional identifying information, apart from your name and email address, to ensure that you are who you claim to be. If You ask someone else to exercise your rights for you (an ‘authorized agent’), we will need to receive from the authorized agent a signed permission by you demonstrating that you have authorized that agent to act on your behalf, or a power of attorney that meets the requirements under applicable laws. We will make an effort to verify the identity of your authorized agent and will not share Personal Information with your authorized agent without receiving the signed permission and verifying the identity of your authorized agent. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-months period. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. We will only use the Personal Information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. We will do our best to respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically. Any disclosures that we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons for our inability to comply with your request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such decision and provide you with a cost estimate before processing further your request. Last updated: April 1, 2023 © 2023 Cloudinary. All rights reserved.APIs to automate image and video lifecyclesCreation to delivery in minutes with AI-driven automationGenerative AI and Machine Learning to speed creativityfor Creative Teams and Small Businessesfor Enterprise and Large OrganizationsOn-brand video customization at scaleLow-code workflow automation for image & video Guidebooks Cloudinary Terms of Use Welcome to Cloudinary, a cloud-based image management solution (the “ Services ”, as more fully described below). The Service is owned and operated by Cloudinary Ltd. and these Terms of Use will govern the relationship between you and Cloudinary Ltd., or the Cloudinary Ltd. subsidiary from which you are acquiring (directly or through an authorized distributor or reseller) the Services, as applicable (“ Cloudinary “). PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “ TERMS ” OR “ TERMS OF USE “), BECAUSE THEY, ALONG WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR DMCA COPYRIGHT POLICY, CONSTITUTE A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, THE INDIVIDUAL OR THE ENTITY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, AND CLOUDINARY. BY ACCESSING THE SERVICE OR BY USING IT IN ANY MANNER, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE. From time to time, Cloudinary may change the Terms to meet technical, operational and legal requirements. Cloudinary will post a notice about changes made to the Terms on Cloudinary’s website, and may send you a notice by email. You may choose by written notice to Cloudinary to reject the amended Terms if the amendments adversely change your rights and if Cloudinary does not agree that such amended terms will not apply to you, terminate your account. By continuing to use your account with the Service after the new changes have taken effect, you indicate your agreement to the amended Terms. 1. About the Services The Services consist of an online image and video management platform and offer a feature-rich solution for websites’ and applications’ use of images and videos. From time to time, Cloudinary may modify or enhance the Services, and may offer additional tools and features, free-of-charge or subject to additional fees. The additional tools and features may be governed by additional or different terms of service. From time to time, Cloudinary may offer its customers to subscribe to third party add-ons that integrate with, or complement, the Services, such as those add-ons published on https://cloudinary.com/addons . Such third party add-ons are owned and operated by the applicable third parties, may be subject to separate terms of service and privacy policies of such third parties, and Cloudinary shall not be responsible or liable for such add-ons. You acknowledge that you have the right, at your discretion, to elect whether or not to use any add-ons. To learn more about and to make the most of the Services, their various features, capabilities and their functional specifications, you can access Cloudinary’s documentation, available at https://cloudinary.com/documentation . 2. Grant of Right Subject to these Terms and to the payment of fees, if applicable, Cloudinary grants you a worldwide, limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to use the Services solely for your business purposes for websites and mobile applications, owned or operated by you, and not for further commercialization or resale. Except as explicitly provided in these Terms, you may not use the Services for any other purpose. 3. User Account When you register, Cloudinary will ask you to provide certain contact and personal details. Cloudinary will explicitly indicate the fields that are mandatory to complete. False, incorrect, or outdated information, such as an invalid email address, may prevent you from registering and impair Cloudinary’s ability to provide you with the Services. To login, you must provide your email address and password. Cloudinary may also establish and require from time to time additional or different means of identification and authentication for logging in and accessing the Services. You will maintain your login details in absolute confidentiality. Make sure that you change your password at least once every six months. You will immediately notify Cloudinary of any potential or actual misuse, unauthorized use, of your account. If your subscription terms expressly allow for termination at will, you may terminate your account through your account page, or by contacting Cloudinary via email at: https://cloudinary.com/contact . If your subscription is based on a renewable fixed period, you may elect not to renew your subscription by sending Cloudinary the applicable prior notice. Cloudinary may require you to verify your identity by sending Cloudinary additional information, as a condition for terminating your account. Following the termination of your account, you may no longer be able to access the Services.You are not entitled to refund upon termination of these Terms. Notwithstanding any remedies that may be available to Cloudinary under any applicable law, Cloudinary may temporarily or permanently deny, limit, suspend, or terminate your user account, prohibit you from accessing the Services, remove your content and take technical and legal measures to keep you off the Services without refund, if Cloudinary determines in its sole discretion that you: (i) abused your rights to use the Services; (ii) breached the Terms; (iii) violated any applicable law, rule, or regulation; and/or (iv) performed any act or omission which is harmful or likely to be harmful to us, or any other third party, including other users or providers of the Services. 4. Acceptable Use of the Services When using the Services, you will abide by the applicable laws, rules and regulations, and by any usage guidelines Cloudinary may convey to you from time to time. You may not access or use the Services for any illegal or abusive purposes, or to develop or create a similar or competitive product or service to the Services. You will be responsible for all acts and omissions associated with your access and use of the Services and the access and use of the Services by employees, agents, contractors, end-users and any other third party who may access or use the Services on your behalf, or at your permission (“ Authorized Users “). You can use your account for, and may allow your Authorized Users to, upload, store, administrate, edit, deliver, make available and distribute content (“ Contributed Content “) on your website and applications, subject to any content upload technical and safety guidelines and limitations which will be conveyed to you through your account dashboard, and amended from time to time. Cloudinary may, but is under no duty to, review all Contributed Content and remove or block access to such content, as more fully described below. Any use of your account is subject to your sole responsibility. You will not, and be responsible that your Authorized Users will not, access and use the Services (including as to upload or transmit any Contributed Content) for any illegal, harmful, fraudulent, offensive purpose or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content that is infringing upon any third party rights, illegal, harmful, supportive of or promoting violence or violent extremism, advocating hatred against any person or group of people based on their race, religion, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or impairment, indecent, obscene, defamatory, libelous, harassing, threatening, fraudulent, offensive, enables online gambling or inconsistent with the generally accepted practices of the Internet community, including without limitation promoting or facilitating pornography, offering or disseminating fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions, spamming, make-money-fast schemes, ponzi and pyramid schemes, phishing, or pharming, and use of content or technology that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, program, or data, including viruses, Trojan horses, worms or time bombs. As between you and Cloudinary, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, you own and retain all rights in any Contributed Content. You acknowledge that you are responsible to make sure you have all sufficient copyrights and Intellectual Property rights to the Contributed Content, including for ensuring that it does not violate any third party’s rights, applicable law or these Terms. 5. Privacy and Data Protection Cloudinary provides the Services subject to Cloudinary’s Privacy Policy and data protection rules, located at https://cloudinary.com/privacy . Please review and familiarize yourself with our Privacy Policy. 6. Content Removal Cloudinary respects the copyrights of its users and any other person. If you believe that your copyrights are abused on the Services, please send us a written notification in accordance with the provisions specified at: https://cloudinary.com/dmca (“ DMCA Notice ”). Cloudinary will act in accordance with the Cloudinary DMCA Copyright Policy in any Contributed Content that is alleged to infringe the copyright of any third party. Cloudinary may report any Contributed Content and share user identifiable information, if Cloudinary believes, in its sole discretion, that such content is illegal or abusive or may violate any third party rights. If you believe that any of your rights, other than copyrights, are abused on the Services, please contact Cloudinary at: https://cloudinary.com/contact . Cloudinary may ask you to provide additional information to process your complaint. Cloudinary will make reasonable efforts to review your complaint and respond promptly. Note that Cloudinary’s ability to respond to anonymous complaints is very limited.Cloudinary may remove any Contributed Content if Cloudinary believes, in its sole discretion, or receives a notice, other than a DMCA Notice, from a third party, that such content may violate any third party rights. Prior to removing the said content, Cloudinary will block access to it and provide you a 48 hours prior notice before final removal of said content without maintaining any backup copy. 7. Service Fees Cloudinary offers some of its plans free of charge. Cloudinary also offers fee-based plans. You may use them subject to purchasing one of the Service’s plans, as listed in Cloudinary’s website at: https://cloudinary.com/pricing . From time to time, Cloudinary may change the Services fees, upon reasonable prior notice that Cloudinary will post on its website or send you by email. You may pay the fees by using the methods of payments as available, published and updated from time to time on the Services. Fees will be regarded as paid only after your payment has been confirmed. The Services will be available to you promptly after you have paid the Service fees. You acknowledge that fees are not refundable. Payments will include applicable taxes. You will pay all fees and taxes in a timely manner and in compliance with Cloudinary’s pricing schedule and you will reimburse Cloudinary for any interest and collection costs resulting from overdue payments. All invoices will be sent digitally. Cloudinary will make its best efforts to have a transaction processed accurately and expeditiously and reimburse you for any excess payment that you were mistakenly charged with. However, Cloudinary will not be liable for mistakes, errors, malfunctions and miscalculations made by the payment service providers. Upon failure to make any payment, and following a seven (7) days prior notice of due payments sent to you, Cloudinary may remove, disable or terminate your account. You waive any and all claims against Cloudinary and anyone on Cloudinary’s behalf in connection therewith. If an invoiced amount is not received by Cloudinary by its due date, then, without derogating from any other remedies available to it, Cloudinary may charge a late payment interest at a rate of 1.5% of the unpaid amount per month, or, if lower, the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, and shall be entitled to reasonable expenses incurred (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) in connection with the collection of an overdue payment. If you acquire our Services from an authorized distributor or reseller and not directly from us, your fee obligations will be instead to such distributor or reseller, in which case we will provide you with the Services subject to: (i) your compliance with such fee obligations towards such distributor or reseller, (ii) your agreement with such distributor or reseller being in effect, and (iii) such distributor or reseller being in compliance with its obligations to us. Unless agreed by us separately and directly in writing towards you or such distributor or reseller, none of the terms of any agreement that you may have with such distributor or reseller will derogate from our rights and your obligations under these Terms. 8. Service Level Agreement (SLA) Cloudinary strives for a 100% Uptime. “Uptime” means the percentage of time in a subscription month that Cloudinary’s management console and Cloudinary’s API services are available for access, as measured by Cloudinary. Information about our support plans can be found here: https://cloudinary.com/pricing/support-plans . Cloudinary’s support SLA is your sole and exclusive remedy for any failure by Cloudinary to provide the Services. 9. Intellectual Property Except for your Contributed Content, all rights, title and interest in and to the Services, including any intellectual property rights, whether registered or not, and any goodwill associated therewith, are owned by, or licensed to Cloudinary Ltd. Unless as expressly provided herein, these Terms do not grant you any rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), trade names, trade secrets, domain names or any other rights, functions or licenses with respect to the Services and you may not use the Services for any other purpose without Cloudinary’s prior, express written authorization. Cloudinary does not claim ownership over Contributed Content. However, you grant Cloudinary permission to use your Contributed Content, for the purposes of providing, developing and supporting the Services. You grant Cloudinary permission to use your Company name and logo in Cloudinary website and any Cloudinary issued publications. If you wish to decline Cloudinary’s use of your name and logo, please contact Cloudinary at: support@cloudinary.com . You acknowledge that Cloudinary may adjust and modify Contributed Content, per your requests. Some features or capabilities of the Services integrate with or use generative Artificial Intelligence tools and machine learning abilities.If you use the Services for generating any type of materials or output, including images and video files, such output will be deemed as part of your Contributed Content, and is subject to these Terms, including our acceptable use restrictions. Note that generated output may be similar across users, may not be complete or accurate and should be evaluated and reviewed by you prior to any use. 10. Confidentiality “Confidential Information” means any information furnished or made available by one party to the other, that is identified as “confidential” or “proprietary,” either by legend on written or electronically stored material, or which ought reasonably to be recognized as confidential or proprietary by virtue of its nature or the circumstances of its disclosure. The foregoing will not be considered as Confidential Information of a party: (a) is or becomes available to the public through no breach of the receiving party; (b) was rightfully known without restriction on use or disclosure prior to such information being disclosed or made available to the receiving party; or (c) is received from a third party entitled to disclose such information without restriction. Each of Cloudinary and you will maintain strict confidentiality of the other’s Confidential Information and will not use, disclose or have such Confidential Information disclosed, directly or indirectly to any third party, except as specifically required to provide or receive the Services, or subject to the other party’s prior permission. Each of you and Cloudinary will take precautions to maintain the confidentiality of the other party’s Confidential Information with the same degree of care as to its own Confidential Information, but in no case less than reasonable care. Upon termination of these Terms, either party will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete all copies of the other’s Confidential Information that is stored on its system or in its possession, except for retaining data for legitimate business purposes or as required under applicable laws, including under tax related requirements, account settling, record keeping, archiving and legal issues. If Cloudinary is compelled by law, a competent court or government action, to disclose the other party’s confidential information, Cloudinary shall furnish only such portion of the Confidential Information which is legally required, and shall exercise all reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment for such information. 11. Disclaimer of Warranty YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FOR USE “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, LIKELY-RESULT, MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY OR IT BEING UP-TO-DATE. USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CLOUDINARY AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND GUARANTEES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL PROVIDED BY ANY LINK TO ANOTHER WEBSITE OR SERVICE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY LAW, CUSTOM, PRIOR ORAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENTS, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, LIKELY-RESULT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. NO REPRESENTATION OR OTHER AFFIRMATION OF FACT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STATEMENTS REGARDING CAPACITY, SUITABILITY FOR USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES WHETHER MADE BY CLOUDINARY AND ITS AFFILIATES’ EMPLOYEES OR OTHERWISE, WHICH IS NOT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS, WILL BE DEEMED TO BE A WARRANTY BY CLOUDINARY OR ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY PURPOSE, OR GIVE RISE TO ANY LIABILITY OF CLOUDINARY OR ITS AFFILIATES WHATSOEVER. 12. Limitation of Liability CLOUDINARY AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, COSTS, EXPENSES AND PAYMENTS OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR LOSS OF DATA, EITHER IN TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT (INCLUDING PRE-CONTRACTUAL STATEMENTS), STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTORY LIABILITY OR IN ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, ARISING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT CLOUDINARY OR ANY SUCH AFFILIATE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, LOSS, COSTS, EXPENSES OR PAYMENTS. CLOUDINARY AND ITS AFFILIATES’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT (INCLUDING PRE-CONTRACTUAL STATEMENTS), TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTORY LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY CLOUDINARY FROM YOU DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS BEFORE THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THESE TERMS, CLOUDINARY WILL NOT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE; FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION; OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 13. Indemnification You will indemnify, defend and hold harmless, Cloudinary, Cloudinary’s affiliates and Cloudinary and Cloudinary affiliates’ employees, directors, shareholders, advisors or anyone acting on Cloudinary’s behalf with respect of any claim, demand, damage, loss, loss of profit, payment or expense, including reasonable attorney fees Cloudinary incur in connection with an alleged or actual breach of these Terms or an alleged or actual unlawful or tortuous action or inaction with respect to the Services by you or by anyone on your behalf. Such indemnity will include, but will not be limited to, legal expenses and attorney fees. 14. Beta Services Cloudinary may offer from time to time, at its sole discretion, products or features available to Customer on a trial, beta, early access, or similar basis (“ Beta Services ”). Cloudinary provides Beta Services on an “as-is” basis, Beta Services may be changed at any time, including in a manner that reduces their functionality, may not be supported under the same support level as the Services, nor subject to the same security obligations or audits as the Services, and Cloudinary will have no liability arising out of or in connection with Beta Services. You acknowledge that you have the right, at your discretion, to elect whether to use any Beta Services. 15. Governing Law and Jurisdiction These Terms, the Services or any dispute arising out of or related thereto, will be governed solely by: (i) the laws of the State of Israel or, (ii) if the Cloudinary affiliate with which you (or the distributor or seller from whom you acquired the Services) contracted is Cloudinary Inc. a Delaware corporation, the laws of the State of California, USA, or (iii) if the Cloudinary affiliate with which you (or the distributor or seller from whom you acquired the Services) contracted is Cloudinary UK Ltd., the laws of England and Wales, in each case, regardless of your country of origin or where you access the Services, and without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles, which would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of Israel, California or England and Wales, as applicable. The competent courts in: (i) the Tel Aviv district in Israel or, (ii) if the Cloudinary affiliate with which you (or the distributor or seller from whom you acquired the Services) contracted is Cloudinary Inc. a Delaware corporation, the Santa Clara County in California, USA or, (iii) if the Cloudinary affiliate with which you (or the distributor or seller from whom you acquired the Services) contracted is Cloudinary UK Ltd., London, England, will have sole and exclusive jurisdiction over any claim in connection with the Services and in respect of any matter relating to the validity, applicability, performance or interpretation of these Terms. You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the above mentioned courts, agree to accept service of process by any means permitted by the applicable law and hereby waive any jurisdictional, conflict of law or venue defenses otherwise available to you. 16. General These Terms along with the Privacy Policy and the DMCA Copyright Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and Cloudinary with respect to the access and use of the Services and supersede any and all agreements, negotiations and understandings, whether written or oral, about the Services, except that if you have separately entered with Cloudinary into an online or written agreement or subscription form that incorporates by reference these Terms, any terms of such agreement or subscription form that add to, conflict with or change, these Terms shall prevail. Any preprinted terms on a customer’s ordering documents or any representations, undertakings or terms referenced or linked therein will have no effect on these Terms, will not be binding in any way and are hereby rejected, including as part of registration to a customer’s vendors portal and/or where such ordering document is signed by Cloudinary. No waiver, concession, extension, representation, alteration, addition or derogation from these Terms will be effective unless affected in writing and signed by the party whose waiver is made. You may not assign your rights and obligations under these Terms without Cloudinary’s prior written consent and any assignment without such prior written consent will be void. Cloudinary may freely assign its rights and obligations herein. Subject to any provisions herein with regard to assignment, all covenants and agreements herein shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 17.Severability If any provision of these Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise contrary to law, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. 18. Contact Us You may contact Cloudinary with any questions about the Services, through the contact form at: https://cloudinary.com/contact Cloudinary will make efforts to address your inquiry promptly. Last updated: May 1, 2023 © 2023 Cloudinary. All rights reserved.