PRIVACY POLICY for simmachines.com This website (the “Website”) is the property of simMachines, Inc. (“simMachines,” “we” or “us”). We take the privacy of all visitors to this Website very seriously. Accordingly, this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) sets forth our position regarding certain privacy matters. This Privacy Policy covers all “Personal Data” (as defined below) that is shared by you through the use of this Website, including data affirmatively provided by you or collected via the operation of the Website. BY VISITING AND USING THE WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY . 1. Information We Collect. In operating the Website we may collect and process the following data about you (collectively, “Personal Data”): Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website, such as when you request/receive information from simMachines or subscribe to any Website services;Details of your use of our Website, including visits to our Website and the resources you access, the device IP address, browser data and location data (NOTE: we may collect this information through the use of cookies, our use of cookies is discussed in more detail below);Information about transactions carried out over this Website; Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason. Contained within our website is a tracking code provided by Lead Forensics. This code enables Lead Forensics to track activity on the website and provide us with information on the IP address of the requesting computer, the date and duration of the user’s visit, and the web pages which the user visits. The Lead Forensics tool uses IP tracking for identifying businesses and is not the same as cookies. The Lead Forensics tracking code only provides information that is readily available in the public domain. It does not, and cannot, provide individual, personal or sensitive data regarding who has visited our website. It provides information on what companies have visited our website by identifying them from their IP address. This data may be used by us to contact the business about their experience or for marketing purposes. We will not pass this data to third parties for any reason. More information can be found at www.leadforensics.com . 2. Use of Your Personal Data. The Personal Data that we collect and store is primarily used to enable us to communicate with you per your request and to enable your access to and use of the Website. In addition, we may use the Personal Data for the following purposes: To meet our contractual commitments to you;To notify you about any changes to the Website, such as upgrades, improvements, enhancements or similar changes;To allow us to administer the Website;To provide you with information requested from us relating to our services;To improve the Website;To personalize the Website for you. If you do not want us to use your Personal Data you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the section of the Website where we collect your Personal Data. Please be advised that we do not reveal Personal Data about identifiable individuals to our customers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about those who visit our Website. 3. Use of Cookies. On occasion, with your consent, simMachines may gather information about your server or other computing device for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our Website to third parties for analytical purposes, as described below. Such information is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site and will not identify you personally. It is used by us to analyze how visitors to our Website interact with the Website so that we can continue to develop and improve our Website. With your consent, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file that is downloaded to your computer. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. In addition to your right to withhold your consent to our use of cookies, all computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Website. 4. Storing and Protecting Your Personal Data. We are committed to ensuring that your Personal Data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your Personal Data, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Data we collect online. simMachines operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the Personal Data provided by our customers. simMachines will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Data. Any Personal Data relating to electronic transactions entered into via this Website will be protected by encryption technology. By submitting your Personal Data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. The transmission of Personal Data via the Internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Data sent to us electronically, and transmission of such Personal Data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where you have chosen a password so that you can create and maintain an account on our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. 5. Disclosing Your Personal Data. We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties except in certain circumstances: Where we use third parties to provide routine support for simMachines’ internal operations, including the delivery and receipt of email or other internet-based communications;If we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party;Where we are legally required to disclose your Personal Data; orIn order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights. Where simMachines discloses your Personal Data to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that Personal Data in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 6. Data Retention For European Union Residents. Upon your request, we will provide you with any of your Personal Data. Personal Data collected when you subscribe to company emails or other marketing communications will be retained for as long as you have consented to receiving our communications or until such time as you request that we cease storing your Personal Data. Personal Data collected when you request access to certain reports on our Website will be collected and retained for three years. We may also retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and prevent abuse. 7. Third Party Links. You may find links to third party websites on our Website. These websites may have their own privacy policies which you should review. simMachines does not accept any responsibility or liability for third party websites or the privacy policies referenced therein. 8. Hosting. Our Website is hosted by Microsoft Azure. Certain Personal Data collected by simMachines may be stored on the Microsoft Azure site in accordance with the Microsoft Privacy Statement, which can be found at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/PrivacyStatement . Emails sent to simMachines are hosted by Google. Certain Personal Data collected by simMachines may be stored on the Gmail site in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy . 9. Controlling your Personal Data . You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your Personal Data in the following ways: Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the Website, refrain from opting in to having your Personal Data be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes; andIf you have previously agreed to us using your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by notifying us by email at info@simmachines.com and we will erase it. If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at info@simmachines.com . We will promptly correct any Personal Data found to be incorrect. If you have any questions or complaints about the use or limitation of use of your personal information, you may contact us by email at info@simMachines.com , or by using the contact details below: simMachines, Inc. 1 E Wacker Dr., Suite 1900 Chicago, IL 60601 10. Other Information. If you are a European Union Resident and have an unresolved privacy or personal information collection, use, or disclosure concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact the EU Data Protection Authorities. For more information on how to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities, please visit: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm . 11. Contacting Us. We welcome any questions, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at info@simmachines.com . 12. Updating this statement. simMachines may update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on this Website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will supersede this version of our Privacy Policy.More about simMachines Contact simMachines We’re located at 651 W Washington Boulevard Suite 500 Chicago, Illinois 60661 U.S.A.