Privacy Policy Thanks for using our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities or related services (“Service” or “Services”). 1. Introduction 1.1. This policy describes: what information MINISTONE GAMES LLC. and its other affiliated and related companies ("MINISTONE” or “we” or “us” or “our”) and its third parties collect through the Services, whether on your mobile device, computer, or any other device, platform or website, and why we collect it, how we use that information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. 1.2. By installing, using or otherwise accessing the Services, you consent to collection, storage, processing and sharing your Personal Data in the manners set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may use this data in different ways, but always do so lawfully in accordance with the legal bases set out in Section 10 below. 1.3. If you are at all concerned about the way that your Personal Data is used as authorized in this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Services. 1.4. It is not our policy to allow anyone under the age of 16 to provide personal data and we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. In some countries you must be older than 16 years old to use our Services. No one under the relevant age may provide any personal data. If we discover that we have collected personal data about a child under the relevant age, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the relevant age, please contact us. 2. Information we collect and receive We may collect and receive information which may be considered personal data according to applicable laws in a variety of ways. More specifically: 2.1. When you play our games, we may collect and store: 2.1.1. Information that you provide voluntarily such as name, email address, phone number or other contact information, player name and password, profile photo, information submitted to our support via Services or email, the content of messages sent using our chat and messaging systems or other information you send us (such as data to identify a lost account). 2.1.2. Information that is collected and stored automatically from you and/or your device when you use our games, such as: – data about your account, nickname and how you use the Services and interact with the Services (such as gameplay data, game progress, levels, scores, session length, preferred setting; which in-game adverts you may have viewed, in-game references or just game preferences, what friends you connect with); – your IP address, Internet status, broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location), cookie identifiers; – Device information, including type of device, device model, device operating system, device settings, its language or other technical data like device settings, screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application, application IDs, device ID, Advertising ID (unique identifiers associated with your device that advertisers use for interest-based advertising), Vendor ID. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on the type of device used and its settings. These technologies allow us and third parties (including marketers and advertisers) to recognize your device when you use websites and applications. They are consistent across all apps and thus allow cross-app tracking. 2.1.3. Data we collect from our partners: Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook);Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising);Details of orders (such as items, date, amount, status, description, broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location));Data for advertising and marketing purposes;Data for analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service;Data from other group companies or third-party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such information with us (including publishing partners, platforms, advertising platforms and partners and data aggregator). This may include attributes about you and your interests, as well as other games and services you use, demographic and general location information. We will use this information as described in this Privacy Policy and subject to any limitations in the privacy policy of the company that collected the information from you. 2.2. When you visit our website 2.2.1.When you provide us with any feedback through means available to you on this website, including but not limited to the Job Application we may collect and process personal data which you provide to us, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number or any other information you send us. 2.2.2. Information collected and stored when you use website automatically from your device or browser including your device’s model, operating system, screen size, browser type, information of how you use the website (such as time and user’s number of visits, time spent on the website, IP address, data collected with cookies and similar technologies (such as “software development kits, or “SDKs”). 2.3. If you are representatives of our Business Partners, Vendors or Corporate Customers When you are representatives of our business partners, vendors of corporate customers, we may collect and receive: 2.3.1. Any information from you directly; 2.3.2. Any information from your employer or other third parties (e. g. from publicly available sources or during networking events). 2.4. We may from time to time ask you for your consent to collect other information from you or your device. If we do this, we will tell you what information we would like to collect, why we need it and what we’ll use it for. 2.5. Please note we do not collect or store any payment information from you when you purchase items via our mobile apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store, Google Play, Microsoft Store, Amazon Appstore, Facebook or other platform). 2.6. Some of this information may be collected using cookies, small files that store information on your device to help us optimize the use of our Services and/or similar technologies (such as “SDKs” or software development kits). Some of the cookies are “1st party,” from the website itself, and others are “3rd party,” belonging to advertising and analytics entities or social networks. Cookies are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” your device during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality, preferences, and website performance. You can disable cookies on your device or set your device to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the Services. 2.7. Please note MINISTONE does not guarantee the protection of any Personal Data you decide to make public in your account, or that you may post in comments, submitted through the Services or make otherwise visible to others including but not limited to, chats, forums, blogs where you can post your Content. We have no responsibility for how that information is used by other parties. So please be careful when you submit any data through the Services. 2.8. We may also create a Support ID which helps us identify you for supporting purposes when you use the Service. 3. How is your Personal Data used? 3.1. First and foremost, we use personal data when processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Accordingly, we use your data as follows: – to provide you with the Services; – to contact you, whether for customer service purposes or to send information regarding our Services; – to manage your account and improve your experience when using our Services; – to research, survey and interact with you, for example via email or other communications; – to develop and improve the Service and player experience; – to customize your Service experience; – to provide you our offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services; – when it is necessary to do as you have requested for sending you related information, security alerts, and support messages; – to provide social features as part of the Service; – to moderate chats either automatically or manually: – to enable you to communicate with other players. 3.2. To show personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email); track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior; deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service. 3.3. We may use the data when processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which MINISTONE is subject in order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud, prevent crime or cheating and ensure acceptable use otherwise, take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players. 3.4. We may use the data when processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us to analyze, profile, and segment, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child under the relevant age.In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data (e. g. create reports, analyses or similar for our own research or market purposes, for example to track trends or problems using our Services). 3.5. With your consent. With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events. 4. Your Personal Data will be shared with third parties 4.1. We may share your information with (i) third parties providers and partners who provide data processing services to us and with whom we have relevant signed agreements, or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information (such as technical support providers, software providers, advertising and marketing partners, professional advisers, consultants (such as solicitors, accountants, tax advisors, auditors and insurance brokers); (ii) public authorities, court, government representative or other third party as necessary in accordance with applicable law and regulations; (iii) to third party when there is a corporate restructuring or sale of assets involving MINISTONE, or as a result of a change in control of MINISTONE or affiliate, or to prepare for any of these events. Any third party who is the recipient of such a transfer or sale is authorized to continue using your Personal Data as provided to us, according to this Privacy Policy; or (iv) to any other individuals or entities with your consent to disclosure. 4.2. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in Section 11, you consent to us and our collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you direct or target interest advertising according to your preferences. 4.3. We do not sell or rent your personal data to any third party unless it is related to one of the above reasons. 4.4. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services, you are also authorizing us to, at any time and in our sole discretion, provide third parties with anonymous and statistical data contains no personal data. 5. Playing our games with other players 5.1. In the event you use a third-party social network or platform to access our Services, this third party may provide your personal data to us if you so allow. These websites or applications are created by a third party that is not affiliated with or controlled by MINISTONE. Please be sure to carefully read their terms of service and privacy policy so that you understand how they use your Personal Data and what might be shared. 5.2. When you allow any interaction between our Services and any social network or platform that belongs to a third party, we also may share your personal data with your contacts for you to enjoy playing with others (your name, your profile avatar and your scores/progress in our games). 5.3. You may, at any time, make changes to the data that these third-party social networks or platforms share with us by changing your settings for that provider, or stop allowing our Services to interact with that provider. In doing so you may not experience our Services’ special features to the fullest extent. 6. Storage of Information 6.1. Your personal data will be stored as long as is necessary to provide you with Services or to complete whatever purpose it was originally provided for. But please note even after you have closed your account or have stopped using our Services, we may continue to store your Personal Data if doing so is necessary for us to fulfill our legal obligations. 7. Protection of Information 7.1. We take the security of your Personal Data very seriously. We implement the appropriate technical and physical safeguards to ensure that your Personal Data is protected against accidental or unlawful loss, destruction, alteration, unauthorized access or disclosure, or any other use or unlawful processing of Personal Data you have provided to us. Our security mechanisms for Personal Data are similar to those of other game developers. Please keep in mind, though, that the Internet is not 100% secure and any access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the Personal Data you have provided through our games due to breach of our safeguards cannot be guaranteed. 8. Links to third parties in our Services 8.1. In our Services and on our website(s), we may embed links to third-party websites. It must be understood that when you click on any of these links, you will be taken to a third-party site and therefore any Personal Data you provide will not be protected under this Privacy Policy, but rather that of the third party.Of course we take great care in selecting reputable links, but we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. 9. International data transfers 9.1. Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal data between our group companies and third-party service providers and partners, which require all group companies to protect personal data they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. It also includes transferring personal data to third party service providers and partners which are certified under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield. 10. Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data 10.1. In each case where we process your Personal Data, we do so lawfully in accordance with one of the legal bases according to the applicable law. The legal bases which we rely upon are the following: We need the personal data to perform a contract with you. This applies when data used by us in order to provide you with Services that you have requested – and that we have agreed – to provide to you, such as our games, customer services, chat functionality and third-party social network connectivity;Legal Obligation. This applies when data used by us to comply with a legal obligation, such as the preventing a crime or fraud or maintaining tax record;Legitimate Interests. This applies when data used for analytics, research and optimization of the Services, and marketing purposes, including direct or target interest-based advertising; and Consent. This applies when you voluntarily give us specific, informed and unambiguous indication of you wishes by which you signify agreement to the processing of your personal data. 11. Personal Data Protection Rights If you are in the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights: 11.1. Right to access your Personal Data. You have a right to know what Personal Data we hold about you, how and why we handle your Personal Data. You can ask us for a copy of your Personal Data and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you would like to exercise your right of access, please contact us as described below and let us know what information in particular you would like to receive. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavor to tell you why. 11.2. Right to correct or update your Personal Data. You have a right to request an update or correction to any of your Personal Data which is out of date, incomplete or incorrect. 11.3. Right to delete your Personal Data. In certain specific circumstances you have a right to ask us to delete your Personal Data which we are holding about you. We will pass your request onto other recipients of your personal information unless that is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. If you would like to ask us for further information on the specific circumstances, and who the other recipients are, and/or exercise your right to erasure please contact us, using the contact details described in Section 12 below. Please note some things can only be deleted when you delete our games from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device that you have used for our Services. In that case you will permanently lose all your game progress, Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods without the right to data recovery or refund. Where we delete Personal Data about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymized form. In some instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay such as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages may be cached on other players’ devices and we may not be able to remove or update that data from those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a network. You can ask us for further information on the specific circumstances and who the other recipients are, using the contact details described in Section 12 below. 11.4. Right to restriction of processing your personal data.In certain specific circumstances you have a right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests. You can ask us for further information on the specific circumstances using the contact details described in Section 12 below. 11.5. Right to object at any time to processing of your personal data when processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child. 11.6. Right to opt-out of direct or target interest advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings on your device settings menu. Please note that even if you use your right to opt-out it you will still receive advertising, but not direct or target interest. On Apple you can opt-out this by going to Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”. On Android you can opt-out by going to Settings > Google services > Ads and turning on choosing “Opt out of Ads Personalization”. 11.7. Right to portability of your personal data. In some circumstances, you may have the right to request that data which you have provided to us is provided to you, so you can transfer this to another data controller. 11.8. Right to withdraw your consent at any time if we are processing your personal data with your consent. 11.9. Right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. 11.10. In some instances, our use of your Personal Data may result in automated decisions being taken (including profiling). Automated decisions mean that a decision concerning you is made automatically on the basis of a computer determination (using software algorithms), without our human review. For example, we use automated decisions to provide direct or targeted interest-based advertising on our Services. You can opt out of direct or targeted interest-based advertising by following the instructions in Section 11.6 above. 12. How to contact us 12.1 Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to use your Personal Data protection rights described above, please contact us at contact@ministonegames.com. 13. Changes of Privacy Policy 13.1 In the event our Privacy Policy is changed or updated, any changes or updates will be posted to keep you aware of the Personal Data that we collect, how it is used and stored, and when we are authorized to disclose it. 13.2. We reserve the right to make any necessary changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, so please view it often.Spocket Privacy Policy Spocket, Inc. ("Spocket"/"we"/"us"/"our") is committed to protecting your privacy. We make the website located at www.spocket.co WooCommerce and other providers (the services (" and the ways in which you can protect your privacy. ), the Spocket application available on Shopify, ), available together with the Spocket As you use our Services, we want you to be clear how we're using information "Spocket App" "Website" Services" What information we collect and why we collect it. How we use that information and when we disclose it. How to access and update your personal information. Our Privacy Policy explains: Your privacy matters to us so please take the time to familiarize yourself with our policies, and if you support@spocket.co have any questions please contact us at 1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE Purpose of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how Spocket collects and processes your personal information through your use of the Website, App and the Services, including any information you may provide when you sign up for a demo of our Services, when you create an account and a profile with us, when you purchase or use our Services, when you submit status updates, when you search for our Website or App, when you use our App, when you subscribe to our email alerts, when you contact our customer service, when you participate in surveys, public forums, chats, or when you respond to one of our requests for suggestions and other content. Please note that neither the Website, App nor the Services is intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Website, App or through our Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on the Website, App or on or through any of its features, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Website or App or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us. It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your information. This Privacy Policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. Controller or Processor To the extent that Spocket holds information about you due to your use of our Services, Spocket is the controller and responsible for your personal information. To the extent that Spocket holds information about you due to its presence in content uploaded by Spocket customers, Spocket acts as a processor on behalf of such customers and the terms of this Privacy Policy does not apply to such information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below. Contact Details Our full details are: ● Spocket Inc. ● Email address: ● Postal address: 1090 Homer St, Vancouver, BC Support@spocket.co V6B 2W9 If you are based in the European Union, you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local supervisory authority for data protection issues. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the regulator so please contact us at Support@spocket.co in the first instance. Changes to the Privacy Policy and your duty to inform us of changes This version was last updated on July 6th, 2020 We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the revised Privacy Policy to our Website (as linked within the App) and the last revision date of revision will be updated so that you will always be able to understand what information we collect, how we use your information, and under what circumstances we may share your information with others. It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your relationship with us. Third-party Links The Website or App may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share information about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website or App, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. 2.THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU Personal data, or personal information, means any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified. It does not include data which cannot be related to an identifiable person (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal information about you which we have grouped together as follows: ● Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier. ● Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers. ● Financial Data includes payment card details. ● Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us. ● Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your mobile device's unique ID number, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Website or on which the App is installed and used. ● Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your location, preferences, feedback and survey responses. ● Usage Data includes information about how you use our Website, App, other app(s) and Services, such as the buttons, controls, products and ads you click on, pages of our App or Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, your search queries, the dates and times of your visits or use, but also about the products that you are tracking through the App and Service, how often you use those products, and other related data regarding such usage by you. ● Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal information but is not considered personal information in law as this information does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal information which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. If your non-identifiable data are used for research purposes, then the limitation of liability and indemnity clauses contained within the End User License Agreement/Terms of Service Agreement are waived with respect to any harms suffered or liabilities incurred as a result of any research activities If you fail to provide personal information Where we need to collect personal information by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our services). In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. 3. HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED We use different methods to collect data from and about individuals including through: Direct interactions by you You may give us Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms, linking through your Shopify or WooCommerce account or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide or permit use to access when you: ● sign up for a demo of our services; ● create an account and profile with us; ● purchase one of services; ● subscribe to our email alerts; ● complete one of our online forms to receive our reports and case studies; ● download or otherwise access one of our e-books, magazines, videos; ● contact our customer service; ● request marketing to be sent to you; or ● give us some feedback. Automated technologies or interactions As you interact with our Site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data and Usage Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.Third parties or publicly available sources We may receive personal information about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below: ● Technical Data from the following parties: o analytics providers such as Google Analytics based outside the EU; o search information providers such as Google based inside or outside the EU. ● Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Stripe based outside the EU. ● Identity and Contact Data from our partners, data brokers or aggregators based inside or outside the EU. ● Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as LinkedIn, Instagram, and other social networking sites based outside the EU. 4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: ● Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. ● Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. ● Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. The types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data are: ● Legitimate Interest - this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us. ● Performance of Contract - this means processing your information where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. ● Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation -this means processing your personal information where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to. ● Consent - this means you have consented to our use of data in this manner. We may ask for your express consent for certain uses, and you are free to withdraw that consent at any time. Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal information other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. Purposes for which we will use your personal information We have set out below, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal information, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note that we may process your personal information for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your information. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal grounds we are relying on to process your personal information where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. Purpose/Activity Type of Data Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest to register you as a new customer: a. Identity b. Contact Performance of a contract with you to allow your use of the Service: a. Identity b. Technical c. Contact d. Financial e. Transaction Performance of a contract with you to process and deliver your order including: a. Manage payments, fees and charges Collect and recover money owed to us a. Identity b. Contact c. Financial d. Transaction e. Marketing and Communications a. Performance of a contract with you b. Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us) To manage our relationship with you which will include: Performance of a contract with you a. Notifying you about changes to our terms or b. Necessary to comply with a legal obligation Privacy Policy c. Necessary for our legitimate b. Asking you to leave a review or take a survey interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our services) To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey a. Identity b. Contact c. Profile d. Marketing and Communications a. Identity b. Contact c. Profile d. Usage e. Marketing and Communications a. Performance of a contract with you b.Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them and grow our business) To administer and protect our business and this Website and Mobile App (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data) a. Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise) b. Necessary to comply with a legal obligation To use data analytics to improve our website, services, customer relationships and experiences a. Identity b. Contact c. Technical Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our services, to keep our Website and Mobile App updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our strategy) To make suggestions and recommendations to you about services that may be of interest to you a. Technical b. Usage a. Identity b. Contact c. Technical d. Usage e. Profile Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our services and grow our business) or where have otherwise consented to such usage Marketing We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal information uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. You may elect to opt out of receiving any further marketing or advertising emails from us through the mechanism provided in those emails. We may send you targeted advertising through the Service on to you. Promotional offers from us We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. Third-party marketing We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal information with any company outside our company for marketing purposes, including service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf, such as conducting surveys, sending communications to you on our behalf, or serving advertisements to you. Opting out You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal information provided to us as a result of a service purchase, service experience or other transactions. Cookies (website only) You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may become inaccessible or not function properly. Change of purpose We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at Support@spocket.co . If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. 5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BY US OUTSIDE OF THE SERVICES We may have to share your personal information with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above. Third Party categories as set out below: ● Service providers who provide IT and system administration services. ● Social networking sites to which you have linked your account. ● Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in Canada and the United States who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. ● Regulators and other government authorities [acting as processors or joint controllers based in Canada, the United States and in the EEA who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. ● Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal information in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. 6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We share your personal information within our company and to our third party service providers such as Amazon Web Services or other providers. This may involve transferring your information internationally, including without limitation, if you are based in the European Union, transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Many of our external third parties are also based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal information will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. If you are based in the European Union, whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring appropriate safeguards are implemented. Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA. 8. DATA SECURITY We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. 9. DATA RETENTION How long will you use my personal information for? We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax and other legally required purposes. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your information: see Request erasure below for further information. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. 10. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal information. You may have the right to: ● Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. ● Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new information you provide to us. ● Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal information to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. ● Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. ● Request restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the information's accuracy; (b) where our use of the information is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the information even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your information but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. ● Request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. ● Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. ● If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the details set out above. No fee usually required You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. What we may need from you We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. Time limit to respond We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. Effective date: July 6th, 2020PRIVACY POLICY Effective January 12, 2022 Premium Audio Company, LLC and its subsidiaries, affiliates and brands, including Klipsch Group, Inc. (including the Klipsch, Jamo, Energy, ProMedia and Mirage brands), 11 Trading Company, LLC (Americas distributor for the Onkyo, Pioneer, Pioneer Elite, and Integra brands, and the United States, Mexico, and Canada distributor for Esoteric, Teac, Magnat and Heco brands) and Premium Audio Company Pty, Ltd. (an Australian affiliate distributing Klipsch Group, Inc. and 3rd Party Brands into Australia)(all collectively referred to as "PAC", "we", "us" or "our" in this Privacy Policy) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy will inform you as to how we look after, use, and share your personal data when you visit our websites, use our applications and products (the "Services"), and interact with us, and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. BY USING ANY OF OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT WE WILL COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS IS BELOW IN THE SECTION TITLED "TERMS APPLICABLE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY." 1. CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT We may collect the following categories of information: Identifiers such as: • First name, maiden name, last name, and title • Contact data including postal address (billing and shipping), email address and telephone numbers Internet protocol addresses ("IP Address"), unique personal identifiers, login names, usernames, social media, instant messaging or other online identifiers Commercial Information including: • Payment card details such as credit and debit card numbers, name on the credit card utilized, expiration date, CVV number, associated addresses, credit card provider, and signature • Transaction data such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, product quantity, order number, model, serial number or part number, price, shipping & handling, tax, order management and other fees or charges, whether and what type of warranty applies to the product, the length of time since or between purchases, metrics regarding your purchases from us, order confirmation with payment confirmation, delivery information Information about your customer service interactions with us, such as the content of your conversations with us (including recordings of phone calls and transcripts of live chats), the help topics that you select, any details that you provide about the circumstances of your request when requesting a repair, return, warranty service, or other customer service, and the date and time of our communications with you regarding such requests Marketing and Communications Information such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us, or from others on our behalf, your communications preferences, including the format of emails you prefer to receive and preferred send time, and data on the volume and nature of emails sent to you over time. Usage Data such as information about how you use our websites, including data we acquire from cookies on the websites as well as performance data regarding the email marketing communications that we send to you. Location Data based on your IP address, zip code, time zone, and approximate location. Profile Data including your username and password, purchase or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses, location data including city/state/zip/country, birth date and month for promotional purposes, and activity levels. Internet Activity and Device Information, such as primary and mobile browser type and version, primary and mobile email client and operating system, and browsing behavior. Equipment Information such as equipment model, your device serial numbers and firmware versions, certain audio settings, and upgrade process telemetry. Forum Information if you utilize a forum for any of the PAC businesses or brands "PAC Forum", including the Identifiers and Internet and Device Activity described above, commenting history, gender, birthday, custom "location" and "member title" text, links you provide to other URLs related to your audio system, a custom posting signature, your website URL, profile images (such as avatar, profile header image). Employment Information such as professional or employment-related information contained in your resume or other documents you may submit to apply for positions with us. Beta Test Information, if we engage you to test any product, such as account information (e.g. name, email), contact information, demographic information (e.g. gender, age), test platform data, which describes things you own or have access to (e.g.your phone, house, or computer), responses to surveys and questionnaires, and any feedback that you provide pursuant to the beta testing relationship. 2. SOURCES OF DATA We collect data from the following sources: Direct Interactions With You. You may provide information such as Identifiers, Commercial Information, Marketing and Communications Information, Profile Data and Forum Data when you: • Visit our websites or use our applications • Purchase our products or services • Create an account on our websites or via our applications • Contact us via email, phone, mail or live chat Seek customer service Subscribe to our newsletter • Request marketing to be sent to you • Enter a competition, promotion, or survey via our social media accounts or other communication platforms • Give us feedback, including via product or application testing if you are engaged by us for that purpose. Automatic Collection. As you interact with our websites or our applications, we may automatically collect data such as Internet Activity, Usage Data and Equipment Information using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies, such as those displaying our videos, social media posts, and marketing messages. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details. We may combine data automatically collected from you with other personal information about you. Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from third parties and public sources such as: • Purchase Financing Vendor. We use a vendor that provides our customers with a product purchase financing option. Any information that you provide directly to the purchase financing vendor is subject to that vendor's policy and not this Policy. The vendor may share your personal information with us. • Social Media. We are active on social media, including Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram Pinterest, and LinkedIn ("Social Media"). Anything you post on Social Media is public information and will not be treated confidentially. We may post (or re-post) on our websites and Social Media pages any comments or content that you post on our Social Media pages. Your use of Social Media is governed by the privacy policies and terms of the providers that own and operate those websites and not by this Policy. We encourage you to review those policies and terms. Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and other tracking technologies (collectively "Cookies") on our websites. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our websites may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy. Analytics. We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics and Microsoft AppCenter ("Analytics Providers") to collect and process information about your use of our Services. These analytics providers set cookies on your browser or device, and then your web browser or device will automatically send information to them. They use this information to provide us with reports that we use to better understand and measure how users interact with our Services. We may also implement additional add-on services to Analytics Providers, such as: • Demographics and Interest Reporting, which gathers information such as the age and gender of users, along with certain interests those users express through their purchasing activities and other online activities, by tracking users across websites and across time. • Remarketing with Google Analytics, which uses user behaviors on our Site to help us identify users for our remarketing campaigns. • Google Display Network Impression Reporting, which provides us information about how often our ads are shown. To learn more about how Google uses data, visit Google's Privacy Policy and Google's page on "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps." You may download the Google Analytics Opt- out Browser Add-on for each web browser you use, but this does not prevent the use of other analytics tools. To learn more about Google Analytics cookies, visit Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites. To learn more about Microsoft's privacy policy, visit their privacy policy page. Interest-based Advertising. We use third parties and/or service providers for interest-based or targeted advertising services. These services may serve advertisements on our behalf that are customized based on predictions about your interests generated from your visits to websites (including our websites) over time and across different websites. The data collected may be associated with your personal information. These advertisements may appear on our websites and on other websites, and may be sent to you via email.We use Google Ads to serve ads across various websites. Google uses Cookies to collect data about your visits to our websites to generate targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit. To opt- out of this type of advertising by Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google's collection or use of such data, visit Google's Safety Center and Google's Ad Settings and follow Google's personalized ad opt-out instructions. Opting out will not affect your use of the websites. To change your preferences with respect to certain online ads or to obtain more information about ad networks and online behavioral advertising, visit National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program. Changing your settings with individual browsers or ad networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads. Opting-out of targeted advertising does not opt you out of all ads, just those targeted to you. Video Content. Our Services may contain videos and embedded content provided by PAC and other parties, including visible content and/or feeds scripts embedded in the websites' code. PAC and such other parties may collect data about how you interact with such content. For example, YouTube may collect usage data on videos embedded on the websites. Even if you do not watch videos, YouTube may still collect certain information about your interactions with our websites if you are signed into your YouTube account or Google account when accessing our websites. YouTube, LLC is owned by Google. Please see Google's Privacy Policy for more information. Maps. Our websites contain maps provided by third parties and/or service providers to help you locate nearby dealers. We and such other parties may collect data about how you interact with the maps. For example, Google may collect usage data on maps embedded on the websites. Even if you do not interact with the maps, Google may still collect certain information about your interactions with our websites if you are signed into your Google account when accessing our websites. Please see Google's Privacy Policy for more information 3. PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA We have set forth below the categories of data we may collect from you described in Section 1 above and the purpose for the collection and use of the data. Category of Information Purpose/Activity Identifiers To register you as a new customer To register you as a user of any PAC Forum To process and deliver your order or to facilitate warranty or customer service To manage our relationship with you To enable you to partake in a promotion, contest, or sweepstakes or complete a survey To provide marketing communications To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you, including email marketing, and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you To protect our legal rights and rights of third parties To improve products and applications and your experience To assist in troubleshooting Commercial Information To process and deliver your order or to facilitate warranty or customer service To manage our relationship with you To provide marketing communications To improve products and applications To protect our legal rights and rights of third parties To help with proper functioning of the Services To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you, including email marketing, and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you To use data analytics to improve our Services To manage our relationship with you To provide marketing communications To enable you to partake in a promotion contest, or sweepstakes or complete a survey Internet Activity and Device Information Usage Information Equipment Information Marketing and Communications Data Profile Data To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you, including email marketing, and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you Forum Data To register you as a user of any PAC forums and manage the forums To manage our relationship with you To provide marketing communications To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you To administer and protect our business and our Services (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data) To use data analytics to improve our Services To protect our legal rights and rights of third parties Employment Information To evaluate your candidacy for the position you apply for Lawful Bases for Using, Sharing or Disclosing your Information.The laws of some jurisdictions, such as the European Union or the UK, require companies to tell you about the legal basis for using, sharing, or disclosing your information. To the extent those laws apply, we may rely on the following legal bases: Performance of a contract: where use of your information is necessary to provide you with products or services under a contract. Legitimate interest: where use of your information is necessary for our or others legitimate interests such as: • providing products or services improving our Services and developing new ones recognizing and better understanding our users, including across platforms conducting security and fraud prevention activities • marketing and promoting our content and services • building and managing business relationships • providing and managing access to our systems conducting compliance and risk management activities Legal obligation: where use of your information is necessary to comply with laws and regulations such as those relating to anti-bribery and corruption and anti-money-laundering, complying with requests from government bodies or courts, or responding to litigation. With consent: we may ask for your consent to process your information in a certain way. Where we rely on this basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. 4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may share your personal data with the categories of parties set out below: Subsidiaries and Affiliates. We may share personal information with our employees, PAC subsidiaries and affiliates who have a need to know the information for our business purposes. Third-Parties and/or Service Providers. We may share personal information with third parties and/or service providers that provide services for us. For example, we may share personal information with vendors to help us host and manage the websites; provide targeted advertising and other marketing; improve the content and functionality of the Services; perform data analysis and statistical analysis; troubleshoot problems with the Services; provide payment processing services and online storefronts; provide public relations; provide learning management systems; provide email services; provide data processing; provide warranty and other customer and product service; and support or provide the security of the Services. Manufacturers and Brand Owners. We may share personal information with 3rd party product manufacturers, or brand owners or licensors (for those 3rd party brands that we distribute), for the purpose of informing such entities of details with respect to any claimed product performance, safety, compliance, or other issue. Government Officials/Law Enforcement. We will cooperate with law enforcement and other governmental agencies, and may disclose personal information: (a) if we believe in good faith we are legally required to disclose that personal information, (b) if we are advised to disclose personal information by our legal counsel, or (c) when necessary to identify, contact or bring a legal action against someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interfering with our legal rights or those of any other party. Professional Advisors. We may share personal information with our professional advisors, such as our attorneys, accountants, financial advisors and business advisors, in their capacity as advisors to us. Other Users. By submitting a copyright infringement notice, counter-notice or other similar notification, you consent to having that communication forwarded to any person or entity to whom the notice or counter-notice relates to, in order to facilitate a prompt resolution of the copyright infringement claim. Copyright infringement notices and/or counter-notices from you will be treated in accordance with our Copyright Policy found at: https://www.klipsch.com/copyright-policy. Change in Ownership. In the event (a) we are subject to a change of control, (b) the Services change ownership, in whole or in part, or (c) of a bankruptcy, receivership or a similar transaction, we may provide personal information to the subsequent owner(s). Other. We may share personal information with third parties and/or service providers when explicitly requested by or consented to by you, or for the purposes for which you disclosed the personal information to us as indicated at the time and point of the disclosure (or as was obvious at the time and point of disclosure). 5. THIRD-PARTY LINKS The Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications not owned by us. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections will allow those third parties to collect and/or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites, plug-ins or applications and are not responsible for their privacy statements or practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third- party websites, plug-ins or applications or to any data that you provide to third parties.When you leave our Services, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of any website, plug-in or application you visit or use. 6. CHILDREN The Services are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share personal information from children under 13. If a parent or legal guardian learns that their child provided us with personal information without his or her consent, please contact us and we will make commercially reasonable attempts to delete such personal information. 7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS If you are providing data from the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA), your data may be transferred outside the UK or European Economic Area (EEA), including to the United States. We will ensure that required safeguards for the transfer of such personal data are in place through the use of standard contractual clauses (or its successor contract). 8. DATA SECURITY We maintain appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. These employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We maintain procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. You understand that no data transmission over the internet or a mobile device can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we do not guarantee the security of Personal Information and you provide Personal Information at your own risk. 9. DATA RETENTION We will retain your personal data in accordance with applicable law. 10. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under certain circumstances, you may have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data including: Request access to your personal data, also known as the right to know. Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasure/deletion of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, in response to your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email our Data Privacy Manager, specifying your request. No Fee Usually Required You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.What We May Need From You We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. 11. TERMS APPLICABLE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY This section provides additional terms that apply to residents of California. In the event of a conflict between this Section and the remainder of this Policy, this Section shall take precedence for California residents. In this Section only, any capitalized terms not defined in this Policy have the meanings set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA"). Identifiers Categories of Personal Information Collected. In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of Personal Information set forth in section 1 above: • Commercial Information • Marketing and Communications Information • Usage Data • Profile Data • Forum Information • Employment Information Location Data Internet and Device Activity Categories of Sources from which the personal information was collected. Set forth above in section 2 above. Business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information. Set forth above in section 3 above. Identifiers Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose. In the last 12 months we disclosed the following categories of Personal Information set forth in section 1 above to the categories of parties set forth in section 4: • Commercial Information • Marketing and Communications Information • Usage Data • Profile Data • Employment Information Location Data Internet and Device Activity Your Right to Opt-out of the Sale of Your Information. You have the right to opt out of the Sale of your personal information as defined by California law. In the last 12 months we have not Sold, and we currently do not Sell, your Personal Information. Your Rights to Access and Deletion. California residents have certain rights under the CCPA, such as the right to request certain information or request deletion of their personal information. Subject to certain limitations such as (a) exceptions permitted by applicable law and (b) verification of your identity, California residents may exercise the following rights with regard to their Personal Information: Right to Access. You have the right to access any of the following which occurred in the prior 12-month period: (a) the categories of Personal Information we collected from you, (b) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, (c) the business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information, (d) the categories of third parties with whom we shared your Personal Information, (e) the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected from you (i.e. "data portability"), and (f) a list of categories of Personal Information we disclosed for a Business Purpose in the last 12 months. Right to Deletion. You have a right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you. We will comply with such request, and direct our service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions permitted by applicable law. How to Exercise Your Rights of Access and Deletion. To exercise your California rights described in this Section, you may submit your request to us by contacting us at either of the following: Toll-free Number - 844.987.8608 Email - DataPrivacyManager@Klipsch.com Verifying Your Request. In order to verify your request, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information, and you must describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to your request. When we receive your request to exercise your rights under the CCPA: (a) we will acknowledge receipt of your request; (b) we will try to match the information you provide in making the request with information we already maintain about you; (c) if required to verify your identity, we may ask you to provide additional information, including personal information; (d) we will consider various factors when determining how to verify your identity, such as the sensitivity and value of the data, the risk of harm, the likelihood of fraud, etc. We will only use personal information we collect during the verification process for the purpose of verifying your identity. If you maintain an account with us, we may use that account to respond to your request and/or verify your identity. If we are unable to verify your identity as required by applicable laws and regulations, we will decline to comply with your request, and let you know why. When We Will Respond.We will try to respond to your request for access or deletion within 45 days. If we require additional time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information to you. We may charge a fee to process or respond to your request if it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. Authorized Agent. You have a right to submit requests to exercise your rights under the CCPA through an authorized agent. If you choose to use an authorized agent, you must (a) provide signed permission to that authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf, (b) verify your identity directly with us, and (c) directly confirm that you granted permission to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf. For clarity, you are required to verify the identity of both yourself and the authorized agent. We may deny a request from an authorized agent if we do not have proof that they are authorized by you to act on your behalf. Non-Discrimination. You have a right to exercise the above requests and we will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights. California Shine the Light. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident, you have the right to obtain: (a) a list of all third parties to whom we may have disclosed your Personal Information within the past year for direct marketing purposes, and (b) a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed, by contacting us via our Data Privacy Manager as set forth above. Do Not Track. We do not respond to Do Not Track requests. 12. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES This version was last updated on September 4, 2020. We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Services. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. 13. CONTACT DETAILS PAC has appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below. Full name of legal entity: Premium Audio Company, LLC Email address: DataPrivacyManager@Klipsch.com Postal address: 3502 Woodview Trace, Suite 200, Indianapolis, Indiana 26268 (USA) Telephone number: 317.860.8653 If you do not receive satisfactory resolution from us of your data protection concern, and you are a UK or European Economic Area resident, you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the supervisory authority for data protection issues for the country of your residence.