Platform Overview $content_header['title'] Do more with your data: Access Access data from anywhere so it can be used everywhere. Access Manage Manage data assets in a safe and secure way. Manage Activate Move beyond data to actionable intelligence. Activate Analyze Measure and optimize data to deliver business outcomes. Analyze Featured Products Authenticated Traffic Solution (ATS) Authenticated Traffic Solution (ATS) Advanced TV Measurement Advanced TV Measurement Featured Resource Take a tour of the LiveRamp Platform Get Started Solutions by Business Need Solutions By Team Solutions By Industry Learn and ConnectResource Center Resource Center Marketing Innovation Blog Marketing Innovation Blog Developer Blog Developer Blog RampUp RampUp LiveRamp University LiveRamp University Featured eBook 5 Best Practices for Building a Successful Media Network Read Now PartnersPartner Overview Find out more about our partnerships and the value they can unlock for your business. Partner Overview [NEW] Partner Discovery Explore and discover the perfect partners for your use case. [NEW] Partner Discovery Partner Directory View a list of partners from the world's leading technology platforms and providers of data, media and services. Partner Directory Partner Discovery Experience Unlock the power of LiveRamp and our partner ecosystem Discover Partner Solutions Get to know LiveRampAbout Us About Us Leadership Leadership Press & News Press & News Investors Investors Contact Contact LiveRamp Ventures LiveRamp Ventures Events Events Careers Careers Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging LiveRamp.org LiveRamp.org Data Ethics & Privacy Data Ethics & Privacy Featured Resource Take a tour of the LiveRamp Platform Get Started Toogle search bar Data Privacy Portal Data is a powerful tool. At LiveRamp, we believe a culture of accountability is essential to success in a data-driven world. Read our Privacy Notices Where required, we maintain privacy notices for various business purposes and multiple regions or regulatory jurisdictions of the world. The choices available to an individual may vary within these areas based on local laws and customs. Our full list of privacy notices is available on this page. Please select a privacy notice below to understand what information we collect, how the information is used and what choices you have to protect your information. General Privacy Notices Product and Service Privacy Notice (How we handle data within our databases when we are the business or controller.) Web and Business Representative Privacy Notice (How we handle data on this website and collected from corporate activities and events.) Specific Country or U.S. State Privacy Notices North America California Privacy Notice (How we handle personal data for California residents.) Mexico Privacy Notice (How we handle personal data for Mexico residents.) Asia-Pacific Australia Privacy PoliciesJapan European Union and United Kingdom UKFranceGermanyItalyNetherlandsSpain Security In addition to our privacy notices, we maintain strict security policies and procedures. See our Data Security Knowledge Base page for details. Your Privacy Choices You may have certain legal rights with respect to data. These rights may include the right of access, deletion, limiting the use of or correction of personal data. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, if they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of any relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.Select the appropriate link below to exercise your rights: Universal LiveRamp Opt Out ToolsUnited States Your Privacy Choices portal (for regulated states, such as California, Nevada, and Virginia) Asia Pacific Countries (except Australia), email apaclegal@liveramp.com Australia Your Rights portalCanada Your Rights portalEEA Countries The UK Your Rights PortalFrance residents, email dpo.de@liveramp.com Germany residents, email privacy.de@liveramp.com Spain residents, email privacy.es@liveramp.com Italy residents, email privacy.it@liveramp.com Belgium residents, email privacy.be@liveramp.comThe Netherlands residents, email privacy.nl@liveramp.com Mexico Your Rights portal Platform Solutions Resources Partners CompanyPrivacy Program Privacy Statement California Notice at Collection: See the California Privacy Rights section below for important information about California residents’ rights. Notice to European Residents: See the European Data Protection Rights section below for important information about your rights under applicable European Union data protection law. This Privacy Statement reflects Mixpanel, Inc.’s and its subsidiaries’ and affiliated companies’, including Mixpanel International, Inc., Mixpanel S.L., Mixpanel UK Limited, and Mixpanel APAC Pte. Ltd., (“Mixpanel,” “we,” “our,” and “us”) commitment to privacy and data protection. This Privacy Statement describes how we collect and process information about visitors to our websites (the “Site”), users of our mobile applications and individuals who use Mixpanel’s data analytics platform (collectively the “Application Services”). This Privacy Statement doesn’t apply to individuals whose information may be collected by Mixpanel’s customers during their use of Mixpanel’s Application Services. Application of our Privacy Statement This Privacy Statement applies to Mixpanel’s collection of personal data, and it is not intended to apply to the collection or use of personal data by Mixpanel’s customers’ use of our Services. This Privacy Statement also does not apply to third-party websites, applications, or services reachable from our websites or mobile applications. Mixpanel collects information under the direction of its customers in connection with its provision of the Services. Because a customer’s collection or use of personal data is specific to their use and implementation of the Services, please consult the relevant customer’s privacy statement, privacy notice, or the relevant written contract for the Services for more information. We do not have a direct relationship with our customers’ customers or end-users. If you are a customer of one of Mixpanel’s customers and would like more information on their use of your data, please contact the customer that you interact with directly. If you have further questions about the application of Mixpanel’s Privacy Statement, please contact our Privacy Program at compliance@mixpanel.com . In addition, Mixpanel provides product analytics solutions to businesses and entities in a commercial context and our Services are not intended for consumers. Information we collect We collect information, including personal data, when you use our Services. We collect this information when you fill out forms or engage with us directly. We also collect this information via cookies, pixel tags, and certain software designed to interact with your computer or mobile device. We use this information to communicate with you, to market, provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, and to develop new or enhanced versions of the Services. Information you share with us If you choose to share your data with us, we will collect the following information: If you decide to create a Mixpanel application account to use our Services, you must enter your first and last name, email address, and password, or otherwise enter similar information into forms or surveys on our Site or Applications. If you manage your account information, you may enter and share information like postal address, phone number, fax number, company name, and credit card payment information. If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information for internal analytics purposes. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. And you may use application or device controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for specific products or features, those products or features may not be available or may not function correctly. Information collected via technology We automatically collect certain information via technology when you use the Services: IP Address, Location, Website Activity, and Browser Information . When you visit our Site or use our Applications, some information is automatically collected. We collect information about the type and language of the operating system (“OS”) running on your device, your internet protocol address (“IP Address”), the browser type you used during your visit, and the website you visited just before ours. We also collect information about which web-elements or objects you interact with, metadata about your activity on the Site, changes in your user state, and the duration of your visit. Mobile Application Services . We may also collect information from your mobile device including, but not limited to, the first time the Application is opened, the mobile carrier, the device identifier, the type of device that is being used, if you have downloaded our Applications, and your usage activity while using the Application.This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you and improve our Services and analytics platform. Also, in the event our Applications crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model and OS version, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Applications. We send you a push notification from time-to-time to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about the device you are using, such as the OS and user identification information. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Applications on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the Application, the events that occur within the Application, aggregated usage, performance data, and what app store you used to download the Application. Cookies . Mixpanel collects information about your use of our Services via cookies. Information obtained from third-party sources When we collect information in connection with our business relationship with you, we may also purchase data about you from third parties. We protect information obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the third party providing the data. These third-party sources include, for example: Applications and services, such as social networks that make users’ information available to others; Service providers that help us determine your device’s location based on its IP Address to customize certain products to your physical location; Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities; and Publicly available sources, such as open government databases or other information in the public domain. Information created or generated We infer new information from the information we collect, including using automated means to make inferences about your likely preferences or other personal information. For example, we may infer your city, state, and country location based on your IP Address. Cookies and Tracking Technologies Cookies are small text files we send to individuals’ computers when they visit our Sites. Cookies make our Sites work more efficiently and effectively and help us improve our Site, the relevance of our marketing activities, and your experience while using the Services. Some of the cookies we use may provide us with information about you. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Site. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies or to reject cookies. Where appropriate, you may also be provided with further options to control the use of cookies when visiting the Site or using the Applications. If you want to delete, remove or refuse cookies, this could affect certain features or functionality of our Site and could remove cookies used to opt-out of tracking for the Services. Mixpanel uses cookies and similar technologies for: Site Authentication, Identity and Access Management, Security, and to Conduct Its Business . When you sign into the Site using your username and password, we store an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the Site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information, so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the Site. Marketing . Mixpanel uses cookies and related technologies to measure your interest in Mixpanel’s products and services so it can market those products and services to you. Interest-based advertising . Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the “ Information collected via technology ” section above) with the Services, our communications and other online services and with different browsers and devices, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information with these partners to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. Performance . Mixpanel uses cookies for load balancing to help ensure that our websites remain up and running. Social Media .Portions of our Services include social media cookies or widgets, including those that enable users who are logged in to the social media service to share content via that service. Storing Information for Purchases on the Site . When you seek to purchase one of our Services, we may store the data in a cookie to remember the products and information you have added for purchase. Site Experience . When you use or view certain content on the Services, Mixpanel will store a cookie to ensure that you do not see the same content again or to save your interest preferences. Opt-Out Cookie . When you opt-out of interest-based advertising on the Site by using third party services such as the Network Advertising Initiative (or if located in the European Union, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance , Mixpanel will store a cookie that will block other cookies from being stored. Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the main reasons we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our sites, the Site may set some or all of the following cookies: IRB, Insights, or MP : We use these cookies for Site analytics and operational purposes. SessionID : Helps to authenticate you when you sign into your account. Certain third parties may also set cookies on your computer or device when you visit our Sites. In some cases, that is because we have hired a third party to provide services on our behalf, such as payment processing for credit card billing. In other cases, it is because our web pages may contain content or ads from third parties, such as videos, news content, or ads delivered by other ad networks. Because your browser connects to those third-parties’ web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties set and read their cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services. To control cookies from those third parties, visit their sites. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click here (or if located in the European Union, click here ). Please note you will continue to receive generic and certain interest based ads. These opt out tools are provided by third parties and are not offered, controlled, operated or managed by Mixpanel. These third-party cookies include: AdRoll AdScale AppNexus BidSwitch Bing Bizible Casale Media DoubleClick Facebook G2 Google Analytics Google Tag Manager LinkedIn Loom Marketo Microsoft PubMatic Reddit Rubicon Segment Shopify Stripe Twitter Youtube ZoomInfo We also use “pixel tags” (also referred to as clear gifs, web beacons, or web bugs). Pixel tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies (as noted below), that are used to track the online movements of web users. We embed these on our web pages but do not store them locally on your device. Pixel tags also allow us to see if emails we send are opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user. We also store data locally on your device to enhance the user experience on our Site. For example, browser local storage allows us to save the state of your current page so that when you return at a later time or refresh the browser, the page will remain the same. We also use browser local storage to display “recently viewed items” or to mark your place in a tutorial, video, tooltip, or onboarding flow. Our Use of Collected Information We use the personal data we collect for the purposes described in the “Information We Collect” section above or as otherwise disclosed to you in this Privacy Statement. Here is a list of how we use your information: Facilitate the creation of and securing of your account on our network; Identify you as a user in our Services; Improve our Services and how we operate our business; Understand and enhance your experience using our Services; Provide and deliver products and services, including the Services, that you request, including securing, troubleshooting, and personalizing those Services; Respond to your comments or questions, including assistance from our support team related to the Services; Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; Communicate with you about promotions, upcoming events and news about products and services offered by Mixpanel and our selected partners, and for other marketing purposes of Mixpanel; Link or combine it with additional information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service, as described under “Profiling” below; and Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity. Creation of De-Identified Data .We may create de-identified data records sourced or extracted from data connected to or associated with personal data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this de-identified data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve our Services navigation. We reserve the right to use de-identified data for any purpose and disclose de-identified data to third parties in our sole discretion where permitted by applicable law. Profiling . When you interact with our Services by completing a form (such as a request for us to contact you, creation of an account, request for information on pricing, or downloading content), we will collect your personal data and analyze your information to build individual profiles. We use third-party tools to help us make the profile by providing information about your business (like, company size and industry, for example). These profiles will be used to help us predict future interest in our Services. We base our profiling on your activity on the Services, and we update your profile in real-time based on your use of the Services. Sharing of Information We share personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or to provide the services you have requested or authorized. For example, when you provide payment information to make a purchase, we will share that information with banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, or other related financial services. We also share personal data as follows: Affiliates and Subsidiaries . Our subsidiaries and affiliates share standard information systems and process information as needed to provide our products and operate our business. Third-Party Service Providers . With third parties who work on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. These services may include providing cloud computing infrastructure, website crash reporting, analytics, email delivery, and providing customer support or account administration. Professional Advisors . Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us. Protection of Rights and Property . To protect the rights and property of Mixpanel, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements and policies. Authorities and Others . Lawful Requests . To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, provided that Mixpanel will endeavor to notify you, where practical and permitted by applicable law or regulation, if Mixpanel has received a lawful request for your information. Protection of Rights and Property . To protect the rights and property of Mixpanel, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements and policies. Emergency . In an emergency, including to protect the personal safety of any person. Business Transferees . For a corporate transaction (or negotiation of a corporate transaction) involving a proposed or actual sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets (corporate transaction may include, for example, any merger, financing, acquisition, divestiture or dissolution transaction or proceeding). We may transfer your personal data in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. Personal Data Security In compliance with applicable laws, Mixpanel maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to help protect your personal data to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no transmission over the internet is 100% secure. We encourage you to protect your usernames and passwords to help prevent anyone from accessing or abusing your Services account(s), including not using the same passwords that you use with other accounts. If you have any questions about the security of your personal data, you can contact us at security@mixpanel.com . Your Information Choices and Changes In addition to the choices outlined in other parts of this Privacy Statement, you also have control over the following: Access, Correction, and Deletion . If you wish to request access to or correction or deletion of personal data about you that we hold, you have some controls available to you from the “Account Settings” portion of the Services. You can also contact our Privacy Program at compliance@mixpanel.com . However, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to charge a fee or decline requests that are unreasonable or excessive, where providing the information would be prohibited by law or could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, or where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the information relates. Email Communications .You may opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing emails from Mixpanel by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your Mixpanel projects or our ongoing business relationship. Application(s) . You can stop all collection of information by our Application(s) by uninstalling the Application(s). You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Do Not Track Signals . Some web browsers allow a “do not track” (“DNT”) setting to transmit signals instructing websites and other online services not to track information of an individual user. When a DNT setting is turned on, a signal is sent by your browser to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and other web services that are encountered, to stop tracking your activity. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com . You can turn on DNT functionality by following the instructions provided here . If you choose to turn on DNT settings, Mixpanel will turn off all non-required cookies on Mixpanel’s Sites for you. Please note that turning on the DNT setting may affect the functionality of our Services. Social Media Widgets . As noted above, our website may include social media features, such as the Facebook and LinkedIn button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These features may collect your IP Address, which page you are visiting on our Site and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function correctly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement or notice of the third party providing it. To control cookies from those third parties, visit their sites. California Privacy Rights This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, disclose and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act but does not include data exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Your California privacy rights . As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute and, in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law. Information . You can request information about the categories of Personal Information that we have collected; the categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing and/or selling Personal Information; the categories of any Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and the categories of any third parties with whom Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose. Access . You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you. Deletion . You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you. Correction . You can ask us to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you. Opt-out . You can opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes and/or from the sale of your Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration. Nondiscrimination . You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you services; increasing the price/rate of services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights. How to Exercise Your Rights Right to information, access, correction, and deletion . You can request to exercise these rights by emailing us at compliance@mixpanel.com . Right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information . You can request to opt-out of the “sharing” of your Personal Information by clicking the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of this webpage. Your request to opt-out will apply only to the browser and the device from which you submit the request. We do not “sell” Personal Information as defined by the CCPA. Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising via Global Privacy Control . Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a browser setting that notifies websites of a user’s privacy preferences, i.e., not to share or sell personal data without their consent, by sending a signal to each website a user visits. We respond to a GPC signal on the browser and our website automatically honors requests to opt-out of interest-based advertising sent via GPC signal.For more information, you can visit the Global Privacy Control website . Identity verification . We need to verify your identity to process your requests to exercise your rights to know, access, deletion, and correction, and we reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into your account if you have one, provide identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously, confirm your request using the email address used to make the request, provide government identification, or provide a declaration under penalty of perjury, where permitted by law. Authorized agents . Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent’s identity and our receipt of a copy of a valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to applicable state law. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, we may ask you and/or your agent to take additional steps permitted by law to verify that your request is authorized, such as information required to verify your identity and that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request. Information practices . The following describes our practices currently and during the past 12 months: Sale and sharing of Personal Information . Our use of the interest-based advertising services described above may constitute “sharing” of your Personal Information with our advertising partners from which you have the right to opt-out under the CCPA. You can request to opt-out of this “sharing” as detailed above. The categories of Personal Information shared include Identifiers and Internet or Network Information as described in the CCPA. As stated above, we do not “sell” Personal Information as defined by the CCPA. Although our Services are not intended for children under 16 years of age, we are required to inform you that we do not have actual knowledge that we have sold or shared the Personal Information of children under 16. Sensitive personal information . We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information (as that term is defined under CCPA) for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA. Deidentified data . We do not to attempt to reidentify deidentified information that we derive from Personal Information except that we may do so to test whether our deidentification processes comply with applicable law. Retention . Our criteria for deciding how long to retain Personal Information is generally based on whether such period is sufficient to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it as described in this Privacy Statement, including complying with our legal obligations. Sources and purposes . We collect all categories of Personal Information from the sources, use them for the business purposes described in the Our Use of Collected Information section above, and disclose them for the business purposes described in the Sharing of Information section above. Collection and disclosure . The chart below describes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of personal information specified in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code §1798.140), and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information for business purposes. The terms in the chart refer to the categories of information and third parties described above in this Privacy Statement in more detail. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of Personal Information not described below. We may also disclose Personal Information to professional advisors, authorities and others, and business transferees as described above in the Sharing of Information section above. California Customer Records (as defined in California Civil Code §1798.80) Information you share with us Information obtained from third-party sources Financial Information Information you share with us Internet or Network Information Information you share with us Information collected via technology Geolocation data Information collected via technology Sensitive personal information The username/password or other credentials you use to access the Services Inferences May be derived from any of the above categories.European Data Protection Rights If the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that information: You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal data; If any automated processing of personal data is done with your consent or under a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal data in a usable and portable format; You can object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances; and For residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death. To make such requests or contact our Privacy Program) at compliance@mixpanel.com . We process data as a processor on behalf of our customers. If you are a customer of our Customer, you should contact them. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns. We may rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal data about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the Services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield In light of the Schrems II decision, Mixpanel no longer relies on the Privacy Shield Framework for data transfers. Where personal data originating in Europe is (i) directly transferred to Mixpanel by its customers, (ii) transferred by Mixpanel on an intragroup basis between Mixpanel group entities, or (iii) transferred by Mixpanel to external (sub-)processors, Mixpanel enters into Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) with such parties. Additionally, Mixpanel has in place technical and organizational safeguards to comply with its legal obligations to protect personal data. In the future, Mixpanel may rely on alternative transfer tools, but only to the extent such transfer tools are recognized as providing appropriate safeguards necessary to meet the requirements of applicable data protections laws. Nonetheless, Mixpanel continues to participate in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for its collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Mixpanel is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, to the Frameworks’ applicable principles (“Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, or to check our status, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/Program-Overview . Mixpanel is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. If third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the principles of either Privacy Shield Framework, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Mixpanel complies with the Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to each Privacy Shield Framework, Mixpanel is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Mixpanel may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the Principles, Mixpanel commits to resolve any complaints about your privacy and our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal data. If you have any inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Statement or our compliance with Privacy Shield, you should first contact Mixpanel at the contact information set forth below. You may have the right to access or submit requests to review, correct, update, or delete your personal data. You can ask to review or correct personal data that we maintain about you by sending a written request to compliance@mixpanel.com . We may limit or deny access to personal data where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome, expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Shield Principles.Individuals who submit an inquiry or complaint to Mixpanel but do not receive an acknowledgment from us or think the complaint or concern has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . You must include the following information: the name of the company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. Under certain conditions, more fully described here , you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In addition, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is the statutory body that has jurisdiction to hear any claims against Mixpanel regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations governing privacy. Location of Personal Data The personal data we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. The storage location is chosen to operate efficiently and improve performance. We take steps designed to ensure that the personal data we collect under this Privacy Statement is processed in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law wherever the data is located. Location of Processing European Personal Data . We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protection, please visit https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en . Retention of Personal Data We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. These needs can vary for different information types in the context of different Services. Accordingly, our actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the information, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations. Children Our Services are not intended for use by anyone under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected Personal Information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information through our Services from a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete the information. Changes to this Privacy Statement Mixpanel may change this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our offerings, how we collect, use, or disclose personal data, or applicable law. If we make any changes to this Privacy Statement, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such modifications as may be required by law. How to Contact Us If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for Mixpanel please contact our Privacy Program at compliance@mixpanel.com . Mixpanel’s EU Data Protection Representative is MIXPANEL S.L. and may be reached by email at compliance@mixpanel.com or by post at the following address: Avenida Diagonal, 442 – P. 3 PTA. 1 08037, Barcelona, Spain. Mixpanel’s UK Data Protection Representative is MIXPANEL UK LIMITED. and may be reached by email at compliance@mixpanel.com or by post at the following address: 1-2 Berners St, London W1T 3LA, United Kingdom. Privacy Policy | Mobile & Web User Analytics | MixpanelPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:NBCU Privacy Center EnglishEspañol (Americas) English download California Notice I’M A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA AND USE NBCUNIVERSAL PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AND WANT TO UNDERSTAND NBCUNIVERSAL’S PRIVACY PRACTICES. WHAT INFORMATION DOES NBCUNIVERSAL COLLECT & PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT AND USE IT? The tables below explain the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which we use them. Each NBCUniversal Service’s collection and use may vary. Please note that we may use any or all of this information to comply with the law, detect or prevent fraud, for safety and security purposes, and to defend our legal rights. Further detail about each of the purposes is set out in the “Additional Information on Purposes” table in the Privacy Policy . Information you provide to us: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use Contact and account registration information For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an event or in person. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityBuild and manage business-to-business relationshipsMarket and advertise for third parties Identification information, demographics, and interests For example: as permitted by law, date of birth, race*, ethnicity*, gender, interests, lifestyle information, school and sports information, photos, social media credentials, including identification information about friends, contacts or referrals you provide. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Transactional For example: credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address, membership information, reservations and other travel related information, meal preferences, and the personal details of any of your guests. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties User-generated content For example: photos, videos, audio, and other information you may submit to us, such as comments on our forums. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Research and feedback For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experience Biometric identifiers* For example: as permitted by law, facial scans or fingerprints we collect at some of our theme parks, studios, our offices. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSafety and security Health Data* For example: as permitted by law, vaccine or symptom related information Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesSafety and security Audio and video For example: audio recordings of customer service calls or security video footage if you visit one of our properties. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSafety and security Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use Device information and identifiers For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and Advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Connection and Usage (including information collected through cookies) For example: domain names, browsing activity, scrolling and keystroke activity, advertisements viewed, forms or fields you complete or partially complete, search terms, whether you open an email, content you view and duration, quality of the service and interaction with the content, logs, and other similar information.If these events occur while you are offline, they may be logged and uploaded to us when you next connect. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Geolocation* For example: city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation. We will ask for your permission before using your precise location from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Information we collect from third party sources: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use Information from public and commercial sources For example: demographic including at a household level, contact information, inferences about your preferences, viewing and other consumption choices, loyalty program membership, and purchasing data. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience and make recommendationsProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingBuild and manage business-to-business relationshipsMarket and advertise for third partiesSafety and security Social Media Information For example: if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network, such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, your comments about our Services, and the people/sites you follow. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Third Party Partners in Connection with providing the NBCUniversal Services For example: contact information such as authentication information, account legitimacy, search requests, log events and device identifiers such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third parties * Please note : this information is considered “sensitive” under certain laws, and we process this information in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Additional information that we collect for business-to-business relationships only Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use Business contact information For example: company name, your name, email address, and job Build and manage business-to-business relationships Transactional information For example: bank details of suppliers, credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address. Build and manage business-to-business relationships Demographics For example (as permitted by law): ethnicity (minority owned businesses), gender (women-owned businesses) Build and manage business-to-business relationships Due diligence information For example: contact information, nationality (as permitted by law), job title, age, date of birth, gender, country of residence, employment and education information, public, religious, political or trade union role (each as permitted by laws), personal and professional affiliations, connections to criminal activities or offences related to money laundering. Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationshipsBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Events Information For example: travel information including passport and visa, meal preferences and restrictions, payment details, and guest’s details. Build and manage business-to-business relationships Social Media and Lifestyle Information For example: if you interact with us on social media or other platforms as an influencer or an athlete, we may have access to your name, photos, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, interests, lifestyle information, list of followers, engagement with your posts, school and sports information. Build and manage business-to-business relationships DOES NBCUNIVERSAL “SELL” OR “SHARE” MY PERSONAL INFORMATION & HOW CAN I OPT OUT?California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information and the sharing of their personal information for cross context behavioral advertising (also known as “targeted advertising”). The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) defines a ‘sale’ in a way that may include allowing a third party to receive certain information to add to a profile about your device, browser, or you. This profiling powers interest-based advertising on some NBCUniversal sites and services and marketing to you and allows us to keep many of our sites and services at low or no cost. We disclose the following information to third parties and such disclosure may be considered a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA and is sharing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes: identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; hashed identifiers [contact information], geolocation information, such as city; and inference data. We disclose this information in order to enable marketing to you and to deliver targeted advertising on the NBCUniversal Services or other sites. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables NBCUniversal to provide you certain content for free and provide relevant offers to you. To learn how to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising, you can go to this link . CAN I LIMIT THE USE OF MY SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION? We may use certain sensitive personal information as allowable by law for purposes including analytics and to enable marketing to you and the delivery of targeted advertising on the NBCUniversal Services or other sites, such displaying an ad relevant to your precise location data. You can change your precise geolocation permissions for our mobile apps in your mobile device settings. HOW LONG DOES NBCU RETAIN MY DATA? We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes of use described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. For example, we retain your email address as an authentication credential (where applicable) as long as you have an account with us and an additional period of time after that for our legitimate interests and for our fraud and legal compliance purposes. If you opt out of email marketing, we maintain your email on our suppression list for an extended time to comply with your request. In addition, in the event you have an account that holds credits, point balances or other entitlements, we may continue to hold the account to allow you to obtain the benefit in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may vary depending on the NBCUniversal Services you use and how you interact with them. Some NBCUniversal Services may provide additional details on their data retention practices, so we encourage you to consult their website and/or FAQs. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Footer menu New Secondary Footer © 2023 NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC.Adobe Experience Cloud privacy Last updated: December 5, 2022 The Adobe Experience Cloud solutions enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and social media pages. These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites, apps, and social media pages. The solutions also allow the companies to provide you with more relevant messages within their emails, text messages, and other online and offline marketing campaigns. In general, companies use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions when they want to better understand and improve their online resources and marketing. What types of solutions are part of the Adobe Experience Cloud? The Adobe Experience Cloud solutions fall into four general categories: Measurement solutions , which help companies measure and understand how you use their websites, apps, social media pages, as well as how you interact with their online marketing campaigns. Personalization solutions , which help companies test new content and make their websites, apps, social media pages, and emails more relevant to you. Content management solutions , which help companies store, update, and deliver images and other content on their websites, within their apps, and in online marketing materials. Advertising solutions , which help companies improve their online advertising on websites, apps, search engines, and social media. These solutions also help companies send emails, text messages, and other online and offline marketing campaigns. In each of these four categories, companies may utilize machine learning technologies available in the solutions to automate the processing of certain data elements in their use of the solutions. What information is collected when a company uses Adobe Experience Cloud? When a company uses Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, that company chooses how to use the solutions, including what information to collect and send to its Adobe Experience Cloud account. Examples of the types of information that may be collected include the following, depending on the particular Adobe Experience Cloud solution and the jurisdiction of the company: Where you go and what you do on that company's websites, apps, or social media pagesYour web browsing activity, including the URLs of the company’s web pages you visitThe URL of the page that displayed the link that you clicked on, which brought you to that company's websiteThe web search you performed that led you to that company's websiteInformation about your web browser and device, such as device type, browser type, advertising identifier, operating system, connection speed, and display settings Your IP address (or partial IP address, depending on how the company has configured the solution), which may be used to approximate your general locationLocation information from your mobile device or web browserSocial media profile informationInformation you may provide on that company's website, app, or when interacting with that company’s social media pages, such as information you provide on registration formsAd campaign success rates, such as whether you clicked on a company's ad and whether viewing or clicking on the ad led to your purchase of that company's product or service Items you've purchased or placed in your shopping cart on that company's website or app How do companies use Adobe Experience Cloud to collect information? Cookies and Similar Technologies . Adobe Experience Cloud solutions use cookies and similar technologies , such as web beacons (also known as tags or pixels), to enable companies to collect information in connection with their websites. If you look at your cookie settings in your browser, you may notice cookies from Adobe-owned domains, such as omtrdc.net and demdex.net. Most Internet browsers classify these as "third-party cookies” because they are not set by the website you are visiting. Companies using the Adobe Experience Cloud sometimes choose to use their own cookies (often called "first-party cookies”). Mobile . A company may also use Adobe Experience Cloud technologies within its mobile apps. These technologies allow the company to send information to its Adobe Experience Cloud account -- for example, how you use the company’s mobile apps as well as other information your mobile device may make available to apps, such as location information. For more information, please review the privacy policy of the company as well as privacy information provided by your mobile device manufacturer. Social Media . When you use a company’s social media pages, the social media site you visit (on which the page is located) may allow the company to send certain information about you to its Adobe Experience Cloud account. Most social media sites allow you to configure your settings regarding how your information is used.For more information, please refer to the privacy policies of the social media sites you use. Adobe Experience Platform Launch . Adobe Experience Platform does not collect data about tag firing as part of these tag management product offerings. The Tag Manager itself does not have usage tracking about the on-page firing. With no tags deployed, Adobe Launch will set no cookies nor make any network calls. When used by a business customer of Adobe’s services, Adobe Experience Platform Launch will deliver the library containing the customer specified tags for other Adobe Experience Cloud Solutions to either (i) a customer’s own hosting provider (the recommended path) or (ii) to a 3rd party Content Delivery Network (CDN). In either scenario, the hosted server(s) to which the tags are delivered are not owned or managed by Adobe nor does Adobe own the server logs for requests made to those servers. Adobe Experience Cloud solutions help our business customers manage their content; and personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages. For example, these customers may use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information about how individuals use their websites. A company that uses Adobe Experience Cloud may also use third party services to perform related services, such as Google . For more information, please review the company’s privacy disclosure. How do companies use health-related segments in the Adobe Advertising Cloud? As part of the Adobe Advertising Cloud solution, Adobe makes available certain health-related segments supplied by third-party data providers to the companies using the Adobe Advertising Cloud. Companies may choose to use these segments to target ads when they are using our solution, to the extent that use is permitted under applicable law and industry guidelines. These data segments generally fall into the following categories: (1) occupation in a health related field, (2) health related topics and conditions (but not specific conditions), (3) interest in health insurance, (4) diet, fitness, weight-loss and healthy lifestyles, (5) consumer goods and services for personal healthcare, vision care, grooming and beauty, (6) over the counter medicines, remedies and dietary supplements, and (7) health related charities. What privacy choices do you have about a company's use of Adobe's Experience Cloud solutions? For more information about how a company uses Adobe’s Experience Cloud solutions, please refer to that company's privacy policy. Adobe requires its business customers to provide privacy policies describing: Their privacy practices in connection with Adobe Experience CloudHow you can set your preferences for the collection or use of information obtained by the company in connection with Adobe Experience Cloud Cookies and Similar Technologies . Adobe's Experience Cloud uses cookies and similar technologies to enable companies to collect information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually configure your browser to block all cookies, or to block only those set by companies other than the one whose website you are visiting. If you configure your browser to block cookies, you may prevent a company from collecting information using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions on its websites. Please see Your Privacy Choices to learn more about your choices for opting out of companies’ use of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions. Mobile . Most mobile devices allow you to limit the use of mobile advertising identifiers for interest-based advertising. For more information, please review the instructions provided by your mobile device manufacturer. Please see Your Privacy Choices to learn more about your choices for opting out of companies’ use of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions. Email and Text Messages . To learn more about how to opt out from commercial email or text messages sent by a company using Adobe Experience Cloud, please follow the opt out process specified within the message itself, or review the company’s privacy policy. To opt out from receiving mobile push notifications, please review the information provided by your mobile device manufacturer. Interest-Based Advertising . Adobe is a member of the following interest-based advertising self-regulatory groups: Adobe complies with the member requirements of these groups, including the NAI Code of Conduct and other applicable NAI guidance. Please visit these groups' sites for more information about interest-based advertising, including how to opt out of companies' use of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions. Please also see Your Privacy Choices to learn more about your choices for opting out of companies’ use of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions. If you opt out, you will no longer receive interest-based ads using Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions that are based on your previous activity on websites.You may still receive ads from companies that use our advertising solutions, but they will no longer be based on your previous web browsing or likely interests. When you opt out, Adobe will place at least one opt out cookie on your browser. If you delete your cookies, change browsers, or change devices, you will need to repeat this opt-out process. Also, please note that this opt-out process will work only if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. IAB Transparency and Consent Framework. Adobe participates as a Vendor in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies in providing the Adobe Advertising Cloud and Adobe Audience Manager solutions to business customers. Adobe’s identification numbers within the framework are: Adobe Advertising Cloud: GVL ID 264 and Adobe Audience Manager: GVL ID 565. How long is information collected on behalf of companies using Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions retained? As described above, the Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions use cookies and similar technologies, and mobile technologies, to help companies collect information about how you use their websites and apps so they can provide you with more relevant ads. These ads are often called “interest-based ads.” Adobe generally retains this information within the Adobe Experience Cloud advertising services for a maximum of 25 months from the time it was collected. The companies that use the Adobe Experience Cloud advertising services may use Adobe’s technologies to collect data, or, as explained below, add additional information to the information they collect using the Adobe Experience Cloud. In these situations, Adobe retains data in accordance with the company’s instructions. What information can a company upload to Adobe Experience Cloud? Some of the Adobe Experience Cloud solutions are designed to enable a company to upload information into its Adobe Experience Cloud account. Therefore, companies sometimes upload information that they have collected from their own websites, apps, social media pages, or from other sources, such as third party data providers. Does Adobe share any of the information its business customers collect using Adobe Experience Cloud? Adobe does not share its business customers’ information except when asked to do so by the business customer. Please review the privacy policy of the company using Adobe Experience Cloud for more information about that company's privacy practices. Note that companies often allow Adobe to aggregate their data in a way that does not identify individuals for the purpose of publishing reports, such as the Adobe Digital Index . Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Chat with usTwitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.NBCU Privacy Center EnglishCeštinaChineseCрпскиDanishDeutschEspañol (Americas)Español (Spain)FrançaisHrvatskiItalianoJapaneseKoreanMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguês (Portugal)Português(Brasil)PусскийRomânSlovenskýSlovenščinaSwedish English download Cookie Notice This Cookie Notice (“Notice”) explains how NBCUniversal and its affiliates (“NBCUniversal” or “we”), along with our partners, including advertisers and vendors, use cookies and similar tracking technologies when you use our websites, applications, such as games, interactive TV, voice-activated assistants, and other services that link to this policy, as well as connected devices, including those used in our theme parks (“Services”). This Notice provides more information about these technologies, your choices, and is part of the NBCUniversal Privacy Policy available here . You should read the Privacy Policy and this Notice for a full picture of NBCUniversal’s use of your information. WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED? Like many companies, we use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and other tracking technologies on the Services (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies”, unless otherwise stated), including HTTP cookies, HTML5 and Flash local storage/flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, and software development kits. First-party Cookies First-party Cookies are placed by us (including through the use of third-party service providers) and are used to allow you to use the Services and their features and to assist in analytics activities. Third-party Cookies Certain third parties may place their Cookies on your device and use them to recognize your device when you visit the Services and when you visit other websites or online services. These third parties collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies. Third-party Cookies enable certain features or functionalities, and advertising, to be provided on the Services. Types of Cookies The Services use the following types of first and third-party Cookies for these purposes: Strictly Necessary Cookies: These Cookies are required for Service functionality, including for system administration, security and fraud prevention, and to enable any purchasing capabilities. You can set your browser to block these Cookies, but some parts of the site may not function properly. Information Storage and Access: These Cookies allow us and our partners to store and access information on the device, such as device identifiers. Measurement and Analytics: These Cookies collect data regarding your usage of and performance of the Services, apply market research to generate audiences, and measure the delivery and effectiveness of content and advertising. We and our third-party vendors use these Cookies to perform analytics, so we can improve the content and user experience, develop new products and services, and for statistical purposes. They are also used to recognize you and provide further insights across platforms and devices for the above purposes. Personalization Cookies: These Cookies enable us to provide certain features, such as determining if you are a first-time visitor, capping message frequency, remembering choices you have made (e.g., your language preferences, time zone), and assist you with logging in after registration (including across platforms and devices). These Cookies also allow your device to receive and send information, so you can see and interact with ads and content. Content Selection and Delivery Cookies: Data collected under this category can also be used to select and deliver personalized content, such as news articles and videos. Ad Selection and Delivery Cookies: These Cookies are used to collect data about your browsing habits, your use of the Services, your preferences, and your interaction with advertisements across platforms and devices for the purpose of delivering interest-based advertising content on the Services and on third-party sites. Third-party sites and services also use interest-based Advertising Cookies to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests on the Services and third-party services. If you reject these Cookies, you may see contextual advertising that may be less relevant to you. Social Media Cookies: These Cookies are set by social media platforms on the Services to enable you to share content with your friends and networks. Social media platforms have the ability to track your online activity outside of the Services. This may impact the content and messages you see on other services you visit. We and third parties may associate Measurement And Analytics Cookies, Personalization Cookies, Content Selection, Delivery Cookies, and Reporting, Ad Selection, Delivery and Reporting Cookies, and Social Media Cookies with other information we have about you.COOKIE MANAGEMENT Depending on where you live, you may be able to adjust your Cookie preferences at any time via the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of relevant websites. You can also use the methods described below to manage Cookies. You must take such steps on each browser or device that you use. If you replace, change or upgrade your browser or device, or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. As some Cookie-management solutions also rely on Cookies, please adjust your browser Cookie settings carefully, following the relevant instructions below. Browser Controls: You may be able to disable and manage some Cookies through your browser settings. If you use multiple browsers on the same device, you will need to manage your settings for each browser. Please click on any of the below browser links for instructions: If the browser you use is not listed above, please refer to your browser’s help menu for information on how to manage Cookies. Please be aware that disabling cookies will not disable other analytics tools we may use to collect information about you or your use of our Services. Analytics Provider Opt-Outs: To disable analytics Cookies you can use the browser controls discussed above or, for some of our providers, you can use their individual opt-out mechanisms: The above are examples of our analytics providers and this is not an exhaustive list. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any other providers’ opt-out mechanisms. Flash Local Storage: These cookies are also known as local shared objects and may be used to store your preferences or display content by us, advertisers and other third-parties. Flash cookies need to be deleted in the storage section of your Flash Player Settings Manager. Interest-Based Advertising: Most third-party advertisers offer a way to opt out of their interest-based advertising. For more information or to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from participating third-party advertisers, depending on your country of residence, please visit: You can also opt out of some of the advertising providers we use by visiting their opt-out pages: These are examples of our advertising providers and this is not an exhaustive list. In addition, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any of these providers’ opt-out mechanisms. After you opt out, you will still see advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. Mobile Settings: You may manage the collection of information for interest-based advertising purposes in mobile apps via the device’s settings, including managing the collection of location data. To opt out of mobile ad tracking from Nielsen or other third parties, you can do so by selecting the “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) options in your device settings. Connected Devices: For connected devices, such as smart TVs or streaming devices, you should review the device’s settings and select the option that allows you to disable automatic content recognition or ad tracking. Typically, to opt out, such devices require you to select options like “limit ad tracking” or to disable options such as “interest-based advertising,” “interactive TV,” or “smart interactivity”. These settings vary by device type. Cross-Device Tracking: If you would like to opt out of our browser-based cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, you may do so by using the various methods described above. You must opt out separately on each device and each browser that you use. For more information about cross-device matching, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance . If you opt out of cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, we may still conduct cross-device tracking for other purposes, such as analytics. Consequences of Deactivation of Cookies: If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as research, online services analytics or internal operations, and to remember your opt-out preferences. CONTACT US For inquiries about this Cookies Notice, please contact us at Privacy@nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US. For inquiries from users who reside in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, please contact us at Privacy@nbcuni.com or Privacy, Legal Department, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE This Notice may be revised occasionally and in accordance with legal requirements. Please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our and our analytic and advertising partners’ use of Cookies.Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Footer menu New Secondary Footer © 2023 NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC.Privacy Center Privacy Center home Search Privacy Policy What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? What information do we collect? How do we use your information? How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? How do we share information with third parties? How do the Meta Companies work together? How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? How long do we keep your information? How do we transfer information? How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? How will you know the policy has changed? Privacy notice for United States residents How to contact Meta with questions Why and how we process your information Other policies and articles Settings Privacy Policy What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? Effective June 15, 2023 | View printable version | See previous versions Read the United States Regional Privacy Notice for more details about how we handle Personal Information and how to exercise your rights. Highlights We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use Meta Products in the way that’s right for you. In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you. It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can update these settings to shape your experience. Read the full policy below. What Products does this policy cover? Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy What information do we collect? Highlights The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our Products . For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you even if you don't have an account . Here's the information we collect: Your activity and information you provide Friends, followers and other connections App, browser and device information Information from partners, vendors and other third parties What if you don’t let us collect certain information? Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected. What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals? In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals. Take control Manage the information we collect about you Privacy Center How do we use your information? Highlights We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below. For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products and across your devices . The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review to access and review your information. To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section. Here are the ways we use your information: To provide, personalize and improve our Products We use information we have to provide and improve our Products . This includes personalizing features, content and recommendations , such as your Facebook Feed , Instagram feed , Stories and ads. We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads. Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products: How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content How we use information to improve our Products How we use location-related information To promote safety, security and integrity We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products. To provide measurement, analytics and business services Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.To communicate with you We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile. To research and innovate for social good We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research. More in the Privacy Policy Why and how we process your information How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? Highlights On Meta Products Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our Products : People and accounts you share and communicate with Content others share or reshare about you Public content With integrated partners You can choose to connect with integrated partners who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity. These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information: When you use an integrated partner’s product or service When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service How integrated partners handle your information Take control Learn more about audiences Privacy Center Manage apps and websites How do we share information with third parties? Highlights We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require partners and other third parties to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide. Here’s more detail about who we share information with: Partners Advertisers and Audience Network publishers Partners who use our analytics services Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms Integrated partners Vendors Measurement vendors Marketing vendors Service providers Service providers Third parties External researchers Other third parties We also share information with other third parties in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm. Read the policy . And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows. How do the Meta Companies work together? Highlights We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. Meta Company Products include all the Meta Products covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp, Novi and more. We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies. Learn more about how we transfer information to other countries. We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a service provider for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms. Why we share across the Meta Companies Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies: To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable lawsTo personalize offers, ads and other sponsored or commercial contentTo develop and provide features and integrationsTo understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products See some examples of why we share. More resources Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies Facebook Help Center How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? Highlights We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of the Products you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws. To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook and Instagram and your device-based settings. Take a privacy checkup Take a privacy checkup Be guided through Facebook privacy settings View and manage your information Access your information Off-Facebook activity Ad preferences Manage your data Port, download or delete your information Port your information Download your information Delete your information or account You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram , and in the Facebook Help Center . If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below. In some countries, you may also be able to contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc., and depending on your jurisdiction, you may also contact your local Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) directly. How long do we keep your information?Highlights We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide: If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account. Learn more .The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages. Learn more . How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations. See some examples .If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time. Read our policy about when we may preserve your information. How do we transfer information? Highlights Why is information transferred to other countries? Where is information transferred? How do we safeguard your information? How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? Highlights We access, preserve, use and share your information: In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities. Learn more about when we respond to legal requests.In accordance with applicable lawTo promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Products , users, employees, property and the public. Learn more . We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time. Learn more . How will you know the policy has changed? We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products. Privacy notice for United States residents You can learn more about the consumer privacy rights that may be available to you by reviewing the United States Regional Privacy Notice . How to contact Meta with questions You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram and in the Facebook Help Center . If you have questions about this Policy or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below. You can contact us online or by mail at: Meta Platforms, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 Why and how we process your information The categories of information we use, and why and how information is processed, are set out below: Why and how we process your information Information categories we use (see ' What Information do we collect? ' for more information on each information category) The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: Personalizing the Meta Products (other than ads, see below): Our systems automatically process information we collect and store associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalized experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we: Personalize features and content (such as your News Feed , Instagram Feed and Stories);Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our products. Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you use The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location) Location-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device toReports about our products’ performance on your deviceInformation from cookies and similar technologies Providing ads on the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process limited categories of information that we've collected and stored to provide you with ads on the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. AgeThe gender you provideInformation about ads we show you and how you engage with those adsLocation informationDevice characteristics and device software Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to: Create and maintain your account and profile,Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,Facilitate the sharing of content and status,Provide and curate features,Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,Provide advertising products,Understand and enable creation of content like text, images and videos, and Undertake analytics. We also use information to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we have to: See if a product is working correctly,Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not,Test out new products and features to see if they work,Get feedback on our ideas for products or features, andConduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioYour public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card informationHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to research and help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them, on and off Meta Products. We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to: Verify accounts and activity,Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board ,Investigate suspicious activity,Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us, Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities,Protect the life, physical or mental health, well-being or integrity of our users or others,Detect and prevent spam, other security matters and other bad experiences,Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, andMaintain the integrity of our Products. For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips .Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMessages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information Hashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example: We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies. We also use contact information like your email address to respond when you contact us. Contact information on your profile and your communications with usContent you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’ Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies. Transferring, storing or processing your information across borders, including from and to the United States and other countries: We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners , third parties and service providers . Because Meta is global, with users, partners, vendors and employees around the world, transfers are necessary: To operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; andTo fix, analyze and improve our Products. For more information, see the "How do we transfer information?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card informationHashtags you use The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your advice apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies Processing information subject to special protections under applicable laws that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalize and improve our Products and to undertake analytics. We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual (human), processing for these purposes. Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent Receiving and using information from third parties to tailor the ads you see: We’ll use information that advertisers, businesses and other partners provide us about activity off Meta Products that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services.We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. See the Cookies Policy for more information. Information and content you provide, such as your name or email address Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request: The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share. For example: We share your email (or other contact information) or other information you might choose when you direct us to share it with an advertiser so they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product, and If you choose to integrate other apps, games or websites with Meta Products and log in, we’ll share your information with the app, game or website to log you in. Information such as your contact or profile informationContent you create, like posts or comments Providing measurement, analytics and business services: Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to: Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their or their clients’ ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off Meta Products, andProvide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps and services. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device software What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other usersDevice signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Sharing of information across the Meta Companies: To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative experience across the Meta Company Products to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signals Information you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Business intelligence and analytics: To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; andTo validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots) Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Identifying you as a Meta Product user and personalizing the ads we show you through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps: When we show you ads through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps, our systems automatically process the information we have collected and stored about you and others to identify you as a Meta Product user and tailor the ads you see. Information you provideContent you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots) Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Providing marketing communications to you: Depending on your settings and subject to applicable law, we’ll share marketing communications with you. We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an email, subject to applicable laws. Information and content you provide, including your contact information like email addressDevice identifiers Research and innovate for social good: We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.For example, we analyze information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.We collect, store, combine, analyze and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way. We do this to do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models. Learn more about our research programs. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Anonymizing your information In some cases, we anonymize information we have associated with you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Sharing information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others. The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following: In response to legal requests from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authoritiesTo comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposesTo promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Companies, Meta Products, users, employees, property and the public Learn more about how we promote safety, security and integrity. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useDevice characteristics and device software What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information such as a search warrant, we will access, preserve and/or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others. The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more. " Information for Law Enforcement Authorities " provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow. The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be shared or otherwise processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following: Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMessages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information Hashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologiesYour Privacy Choices: Opt-out of sale of personal information and Opt-out of sharing or processing personal information for targeted ads. NBCUniversal offers our customers certain choices about how we use their information. Applicable law gives residents of California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah or Virginia the right to opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information or the sharing/processing your personal information for targeted advertising. Targeted Advertising Opt-Outs Certain NBCUniversal brands feature targeted advertising. Advertising, including targeted-based advertising, enables these NBCUniversal brands to provide you certain content for free and offers that are more relevant to you. To provide this advertising on NBCUniversal Services and on other online services, NBCUniversal allows third parties to receive certain information to add to a profile about your device, browser, or you. Certain laws broadly define “sale” of personal information in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive some information to add to a profile about your device, browser, or you. In addition, this activity may be defined by law to be sharing or processing personal information for targeted advertising. Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia may opt out of certain of these activities. On some of our websites and applications when you click the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the website footer or in the application settings menu, you will be shown a Consent Management Platform (CMP), this tool allows you to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information or sharing or processing it for targeted advertising purposes. Please note, if you use different NBCUniversal sites/apps on different browsers/devices you will need to opt out on each site/app and browser/device where you want your choice to apply. In some cases, you may also be presented with form fields to complete, in those cases we ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list. In other cases, you will be directed to this page where we provide additional information and options for you to learn more about your choices and how to opt out from targeted advertising more broadly. If you opt out, you will still see ads but they may be less relevant or, depending on your choice, based only on our first-party information about you. Additional Targeted Advertising Opt-Out Tools In addition to the opt out tools, above, there are third party tools you may use with respect to targeted advertising. The Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) provides you with a choice as to whether participating third parties can use your information to provide targeted advertising. To opt out of sharing your information with such participating third parties for targeted advertising, please use the following tools: For websites: the DAA WebChoices Tool , available at http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2⟨=EN .For mobile applications and connected devices, such as smart TVs or streaming devices, you should review the device’s settings and select the option that allows you to disable automatic content recognition or ad tracking. Typically, to opt out, such devices require you to select options like “limit ad tracking” or to disable options such as “interest-based advertising,” “interactive TV,” or “smart interactivity”. These settings vary by device type. When enabling advertising opt-out tools please understand the following: The opt-outs described above are device and browser based. Because the information being shared relates to your device ID and/or browser ID, you will need to opt out on each device and each browser.Opt-outs may be stored via cookies. If you clear cookies or if your browser blocks cookies, your opt-out cookie may no longer be available. In this case your opt-out choices can not to be honored. We do not maintain or control these opt-out mechanisms and are not responsible for their operation. NBCUniversal may still use your data to deliver contextual advertising, conduct cross-device tracking to serve you first-party ads directly, or for nontargeted advertising purposes, such as attribution and analytics. Opt-Out Tools for Sensitive Personal Information Where you have opted in on a mobile device to provide specific geolocation, you can change your permissions in your device settings. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Footer menu New Secondary Footer © 2023 NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC.Adobe Privacy Choices Last updated: December 5, 2022 To provide you with more relevant experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests, we collect information about you and how you engage with us and our business customers. Here is how you can control your information: For Adobe End Users For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud For Adobe End Users Your data. Your choices. Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe Tell us your Adobe marketing preferences by updating your Adobe ID profile . You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Adobe's marketing emails. Tell us your Behance marketing preferences by updating your account settings (under the “Notifications” tab) at Behance.net . You can also tell Behance to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance's marketing emails. Please note that even when you exercise these choices, you may still receive communications from Adobe in the form of “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations. For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or that someone has sent you a document using an Adobe app. Your use of Adobe applications and services We may collect information about how you use Adobe desktop products, mobile apps and services. Desktop Applications Usage information associated with your Adobe account Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. Usage information associated with your device Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your device to improve our products and services. Services Adobe web-based services Some Adobe web-based services use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage information to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our products and services, and in some cases, to tailor ads to your likely interests. To change your collection settings, click on the Cookies link at the bottom of the service’s website. Please note that you may have to repeat this process for each Adobe web-based service that collects usage data. Experience Cloud service usage data You have the option to share information with Adobe about how you use our Experience Cloud services. You can change your preference at any time here . Mobile Applications Data Collection Some of our mobile apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account or device to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. To change your collection settings, go to the app’s settings panel that refers to mobile app usage data collection. Please note that you will have to repeat this process for each Adobe mobile app that collects usage data. Machine learning analysis on your content Adobe analyzes your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our products and services. This analysis may occur as the content is uploaded, sent, received, or stored using Adobe servers. Learn more about how this works, including how to opt out in your account preferences. Adobe website preferences Adobe uses cookies and similar technologies to analyze your use of Adobe websites so that we can improve them and tailor websites, communications, and ads to your likely interests. Choose your preferences for cookies and similar technologies: Cookie settings If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Adobe ads on other companies' websites, but they will not be based on your use of Adobe’s apps and websites. Note about cookie-based preferences: Many of the privacy preferences described on this page work by placing a cookie on your browser. Therefore, your browser must be configured to accept cookies for your preference to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change web browsers, you will need to set your preferences again. Interest-based ads Adobe complies with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related DAA guidance. For more information about interest-based ads and to opt out for all companies who are members of those groups, please see: For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services The Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services (Audience Manager and Ad Cloud) enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their digital properties and marketing messages.These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites. These services also allow these companies to provide you more relevant advertising within their websites, apps, emails, text messages, direct mail offers and push notifications. Opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services Opt-out Important note: You will see a confirmation message that you have been opted out when clicking the button above. Future visits to this page will not display your opted out choice even if you have not cleared out your cookies, but you are still opted out. Interest-based Advertising Settings You can also visit the sites below to opt out of interest-based ads for all companies who are members of those groups: To opt out of advertising solutions that tailor ads shown within mobile apps based on your likely interests, please either: Set the preference on your mobile device to limit ad tracking, orDownload the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app and configure it to opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions Please also review the privacy policies on the websites and mobile apps that you use because they may offer additional privacy choices. Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Locale Modalv2 We have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.com Chat with usNBCU Privacy Center EnglishCeštinaChineseCрпскиDanishDeutschEspañol (Americas)Español (Spain)FrançaisHrvatskiItalianoJapaneseKoreanMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguês (Portugal)Português(Brasil)RomânSlovenskýSlovenščinaSwedish English download NBCUniversal Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy explains how NBCUniversal and its affiliates (“ NBCUniversal Affiliates ”) (collectively “ we ” or “ us ”) collect, use, and share information from or about you when you use our websites, downloadable applications, interactive TV applications, voice-activated skills, other digital services, connected devices such as theme-park devices, and off-line services that link to this policy, or if you engage in business with us (“ NBCUniversal Services or Services ”). This Privacy Policy applies to the NBCUniversal Services throughout the world. Any additional privacy terms that relate to specific NBCUniversal products or services should be read in conjunction with this Policy. As one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies, we offer NBCUniversal Services through a wide range of businesses and under many different brands. The data controller of your personal information will be the NBCUniversal company which provides services to you or does business with you. You can find out more information about NBCUniversal, including a list of our NBCUniversal Affiliates, here . PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT WE WILL COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PURPOSES The tables below explain the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which we use them. Each NBCUniversal Service’s collection and use may vary. Please note that we may use any or all of this information to comply with the law, detect or prevent fraud, for safety and security purposes, and to defend our legal rights. Further detail about each of the purposes is set out in the “Additional Information on Purposes” table below.Information you provide to us: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Contact and account registration information For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an event or in person. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityBuild and manage business-to-business relationshipsMarket and advertise for third parties Identification information, and demographics, and interests For example: as permitted by law, date of birth, race*, ethnicity*, gender, interests, lifestyle information, school and sports information, photos, social media credentials, including identification information about friends, contacts or referrals you provide. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and security Market and advertise for third parties Transactional For example: credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address, membership information, reservations and other travel related information, meal preferences, and the personal details of any of your guests Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties User-generated content For example: photos, videos, audio, and other information you may submit to us, such as comments on our forums. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Research and feedback For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experience Biometric identifiers* For example: as permitted by law, facial scans or fingerprints we collect at some of our theme parks, studios, our offices. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSafety and security Health Data* For example: as permitted by law, vaccine or symptom related information Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesSafety and security Audio and video For example: audio recordings of customer service calls or security video footage if you visit one of our properties. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSafety and security Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Device information and identifiers For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Connection and Usage (including information collected through cookies) For example: domain names, browsing activity, scrolling and keystroke activity, advertisements viewed, forms or fields you complete or partially complete, search terms, whether you open an email, content you view and duration, quality of the service and interaction with the content, logs, and other similar information.If these events occur while you are offline, they may be logged and uploaded to us when you next connect. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Geolocation* For example: city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation. We will ask for your permission before using your precise location from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Information we collect from third parties: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Sources of Information Information from public and commercial sources For example: demographic including at a household level, contact information, inferences about your preferences, viewing and other consumption choices, loyalty program membership, and purchasing data. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experience and make recommendationsProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingBuild and manage business-to-business relationshipsMarket and advertise for third partiesSafety and security Advertising providersAnalytics providersMarketersPartners (such as for sweepstakes partners)Consumer data resellers Public records databasesRelated CompaniesContent partners Social Media Information For example: if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, your comments about our Services, and the people/sites you follow. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Social media networksPartners of social media networks Third Party Partners in Connection with providing the NBCUniversal Services For example: contact information such as authentication information, account legitimacy, search requests, log events and device identifiers such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers. Provide the NBCUniversal ServicesPersonalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you NBCUniversal marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third parties Payment Service ProvidersTV or Internet Service ProvidersMedia Companies, Streaming Media Device Providers or RetailersMobile Phone Carriers *Please note: this information is considered “sensitive” under certain laws, and we process this information in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Additional information that we collect for business-to-business relationships only Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Source of Information Business contact information For example: company name, your name, email address, and job. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour companyTrade associationsSocial mediaBusiness data resellers Transactional information For example: bank details of suppliers, credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouPublicly available sources Demographics For example (as permitted by law): ethnicity (minority owned businesses), gender (women-owned businesses) Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour company Due diligence information For example: contact information, nationality (as permitted by law), job title, age, date of birth, gender, country of residence, employment and education information, public, religious, political or trade union role (each as permitted by laws), personal and professional affiliations, connections to criminal activities or offences related to money laundering. Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationshipsBuild and manage business-to-business relationships You or your company’s responses to our due diligence questionsThird party risk, compliance screening and data validation tools and databases, such as those provided by LexisNexis Risk Solutions.Click here for more information. Events Information For example: travel information including passport and visa, meal preferences and restrictions, payment details, and guest’s details. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour company Social Media and Lifestyle Information For example: if you interact with us on social media or other platforms as an influencer or an athlete, we may have access to your name, photos, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, interests, lifestyle information, list of followers, engagement with your posts, school and sports information. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour companyYour representativeYour sponsor and other partners, such as marketplacesSocial media networks Additional information on purposes of use Provide the NBCUniversal Services, for example: responding to your requests or inquiries, including technical supportfulfilling orders you have placedsending you service-related communicationsauthenticating you or verifying your identityproviding ticketing, payment services, mapping guidance, and offersdisplaying content you generate, such as video and commentscarrying out research and analytics for uses including improving our Services and developing new onesprocessing your information for promotional campaigns such as sweepstakes and contests, and for surveys, online and offline panels and focus groups Personalize your experience, for example: providing you with customized product experience, including personalized newsletters, viewing and other content recommendations from NBCUniversal, our partners and other organizationscreating and updating profiles and audience segments that can be used for analytics, interested-based advertising and marketing on the NBCUniversal Services, television, third party services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offlineusing inferences about your preferences and interests for any and all of the above purposes Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising: sending you customized newsletters, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by NBCUniversal (with your consent where required) based on your activities and interests including at a household levelproviding you with NBCUniversal advertising, including targeted advertising, based on your activities and interests including at a household level Provide a seamless experience across platforms and devices, for example: identifying you when you log into the NBCUniversal Service on multiple devices or web browsers to provide continuity and to match your interests across devices for the purposes of analytics, advertising, reporting and to improve the Servicesidentifying you if your devices have attributes suggesting that they may be used by the same individual or household for purposes of analytics, advertising, reporting and to improve the Services Build and manage business-to-business relationships, for example: pursuing potential business opportunities, including identifying and contacting the correct person within the companysending communications for business purposesmanaging customer, supplier and other business relationshipssending event invitations, marketing emails and campaigns, and tracking the effectiveness of such communicationsissuing or paying invoices, and fulfilling contractual commitmentsproviding business contacts with access to our systems, and managing that access communicating with you as an influencer about a shared social media campaign, and associated analytics Market and advertise for third parties, for example: send you newsletters, promotional emails, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by our partners and other organizations with which we workcustomize content that our third-party partners deliver on the Services (e.g., targeted third-party advertising)create and update inferences about you and audience segments that can be used for interested-based advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile apps create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties and matching your interests across devices, which may be used for third-party marketing and advertising, including targeted advertising, on the NBCUniversal Services, television, third party services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offline Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationships, for example: compliance with laws and regulationsmanaging third party and other risks to our businessprotecting the reputation of our businessesfollowing the principles of ethical business conduct set out in our Code of Conduct Safety and security purposes, for example: protecting the safety and security of users and visitors to the NBCUniversal Servicesprotecting our digital and physical propertiesdetecting and preventing other activities that may be illegal or in violation of our Terms of Service for that respective NBCUniversal Serviceprotecting against threats to our talent, leadership, workforce and organization We may combine all the information we collect from or receive about you for the outlined purposes.We may aggregate or deidentify your information and may use, share, rent or sell aggregated or deidentified information for any purpose, and such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy. WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We may disclose your information to: Related Companies: NBCUniversal Affiliates, such as Sky, as well as our parent company Comcast Corporation and its affiliate, Comcast Cable, to help better tailor services, products, marketing, and advertising to you and to other existing and potential customers. We may share identification and demographics, device information and identifiers, and research and feedback for purposes such as improving and tailoring services. In addition business information may be shared for business operational purposes. For Fandango Brands, including Fandango, Flixster, MovieTickets.com, Vudu, RottenTomatoes, and Activaterewards.com, they may also share data with Warner Bros., as outlined in Fandango's Privacy Policy . Advertisers, Advertising Networks, and Other Third Parties: We may disclose information about how you use the NBCUniversal Services and interact with content or ads to better tailor services, products, marketing and advertising on our Services and on third-party platforms. To enable these purposes, we may share certain demographics and interest information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation data, public and commercial information, and social media information. These third parties may use their own tracking technologies to collect or request information about you, please see our Cookie Notice for details. Partners : We may disclose your information to certain third party partners. Depending on the partnership, we may disclose certain information including contact information (at your direction), identification and demographic and interest information, transactional information, user-generated content that you provide, research and feedback, device information and identifiers, connection and usage information, public and commercial information, and social media information. Partners may use your information pursuant to their own policies. For instance, when you direct us to disclose your personal information to another company to fulfill your request, such as: If you enter a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, we may disclose the information you provide for that entry with the sponsor.When using GolfNow’s sites and services, we will provide your information to golf clubs to enable you to book reservations or access on-site amenities. When using SportsEngine, your information may be shared with the coaches and sports teams you join. When you book travel packages with us that include goods or services provided by third-party partners, such as airlines, ground transportation providers, third-party hotels, and travel insurance providers.For service authentication.If you make a purchase for a third-party product in one of our online shops, we may disclose the information you provide to allow for the fulfillment of that order. Social Networks: We may disclose your information to social media platforms for example, if you click on a Facebook “like” button on an NBCUniversal Service, the “like” may appear on your Facebook account. Or you may choose to provide information directly on these platforms using sharing plug-ins. To control this sharing of information, please review and adjust your privacy settings for the relevant social network. Depending on your privacy settings and actions on such network, we may disclose contact information, identification and demographic and interest information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, and social media information. Please be aware that Facebook Ireland is a Joint Controller of the Joint Processing (as set out here ). Further information (including about the lawful basis relied upon by Facebook Ireland and how you may exercise your data subject rights) can be found in Facebook Ireland's Data Policy here . We have contracted with Facebook Ireland to determine our respective responsibilities for compliance with GDPR with regard to the Joint Processing. Service Providers: We engage vendors to perform business purposes on our behalf and provide information to them to enable them to provide us with such business purposes, including research and analytics, hosting, transaction and payment processing, promotion administration, fraud prevention, identity management, acquisition and other services. Service providers may use such information for their operational purposes in order to provide their services to us. Research and Measurement Companies: We provide information about content you view on the NBCUniversal Services with video measurement services such as Nielsen TV Ratings, as well as other analytics providers.See Your Rights and Your Choices sections for more information. Search Engines : Depending on the NBCUniversal Service, you may be able to engage with other members of the Service or the public. This may make the name and photo associated with your profile and any comments or user-generated content you provide visible to other members of that Service or the general public. If the information is available to the general public, it may also be searchable by search engines. Law Enforcement, Regulators, Anti-fraud Coalitions and other groups : We disclose any of the categories of information we collect, as appropriate, with these third parties in order to: protect and enforce the legal rights, privacy, and safety of ourselves and our visitors; protect against possible fraud or other illegal activity; respond to requests from government and other authorities; and otherwise comply with legal process. Other Sharing We may provide connection and usage information about you along with a hashed or masked identifier (contact information), with third parties such as partners and social networks to inform the offers we send you and for advertising measurement or analytics. With your appropriate consent when required, and consistent with applicable law, we may disclose your video viewing behavior with third parties including service providers, advertising companies, analytic partners, and social media sites. Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets In the event that NBCUniversal or any NBCUniversal Affiliate is involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer of control, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets, we may sell or transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy as part of that transaction or diligence associated with or in contemplation of such matters. LEGAL BASIS FOR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION The laws of some jurisdictions, such as the European Union the UK, or Brazil, require companies to tell you about the legal basis for using, sharing, or disclosing your information. To the extent those laws apply, we may rely on the following legal bases: Performance of a contract: where use of your information is necessary to provide you with NBCUniversal Services under a contract, for example the relevant Terms of Service. Legitimate interest: where use of your information is necessary for our or others legitimate interests and where the use is not outweighed by your rights and interests. Below are some examples of such interests: providing NBCUniversal Servicesimproving our Services and developing new ones recognizing and better understanding our users, including across platformsconducting security and fraud prevention activitiesmarketing and promoting our content and servicesbuilding and managing business-to-business relationshipsconducting compliance and risk management activitiesproviding and managing access to our systems Legal obligation: where use of your information is necessary to comply with laws and regulations such as those relating to anti-bribery and corruption and anti-money-laundering, complying with requests from government bodies or courts, or responding to litigation. With consent: we may ask for your consent to process your information in a certain way. Where we rely on this basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time – please see the Your Rights and Your Choices sections below to do this. CHILDREN Most of the NBCUniversal Services are intended for users over the age of 18. Information about the practices of NBCUniversal Services directed to children under the age of 13 in the United States or 16 in the European Union or where we have actual knowledge a child is under such ages can be found in our Children's Privacy Policy . If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child under 13 in the United States or under 16 in the European Union has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us at privacy@nbcuni.com . YOUR RIGHTS Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your information. You have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under some local laws such as in California. For example, under local laws, including in the European Union, you may be able to ask us to: provide access to certain information we hold about you, in some cases in a portable format, if technically feasibleupdate or correct your informationdelete certain informationrestrict the use of your information We will respond within the time period prescribed by applicable law. Please note that many of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations. Some NBCUniversal Services can only be provided if we have your information, therefore deletion of your information will result in termination of such Services. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, including authenticating you through the email address.We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before granting access to your information. California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia residents with rights under local law may click here and in California, Colorado, and Connecticut their authorized agents may click here for access, correction or deletion requests. Alternatively, California and Colorado residents or their authorized agents may call 1-800-447-0663 to make these requests. California residents may view annual California consumer request metrics here . U.S. residents who wish to learn more about access, correction or deletion requests may click here . If you are a California resident business contact and want to make a request, please click here If you are based outside the U.S. and would like to exercise any individual right, please fill out this online form and for business partners who would like to exercise any individual right, please click here . Your rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. Please note that you may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled. If you have any unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to your data protection authority. Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents may appeal the denial of a request here . We will respond within the legally required time period, including a written explanation of the results of your appeal. Where NBCUniversal acts as a service provider for third-party organizations, such as sports leagues and clubs, please contact your organizations directly to exercise any applicable individual’s rights. “Privacy Choices”: Do Not Sell or Share or Process My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents only) California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Such residents may also opt out of the sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising. We provide third parties such as advertisers and advertising networks (including social media networks) information including identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; hashed identifiers [contact information], geolocation information, such as city; and inference data in order to enable marketing to you and delivery of targeted advertising on the NBCUniversal Services or other sites. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables NBCUniversal to provide you certain content for free and provide relevant offers to you. The disclosure of such personal information listed above to these third parties to assist us in providing these services may be considered a “sale” of personal information under applicable law and is sharing of personal information and the processing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes. If you or (in certain states where required by law) your authorized agent would like to opt out of NBCUniversal’s use or disclosure of your information for such purposes (to the extent this is considered a sale, share, or targeted advertising), you may do so in the footer or settings menu of the brand with which you engage by selecting “Your Privacy Choices” link. You may still receive advertising, including personalized ads based on NBCUniversal data on the Services. On some of our websites and applications when you click the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the website footer or in the application settings menu, you will be shown a tool that allows you to opt out of the online “sales” and sharing/processing of personal information for targeted ads on the website and application. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to make your elections separately. In some cases, you may also be presented with form field to complete, in those cases we ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list. In other cases, you will be directed to this page where we provide additional information and options for you to learn more about your choices and how to opt out from interest-based advertising more broadly. Please note, if we do not detect that you are in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, the opt out of sale or sharing/processing for targeted advertising data choices will not apply even if you take the actions described above.Please note that if you have a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law. Sensitive Data We may use certain sensitive personal information as allowable by law for purposes including analytics and to enable marketing to you and the delivery of targeted advertising on the NBCUniversal Services or other sites, such displaying an ad relevant to your precise location data. You can change your precise geolocation permissions for our mobile apps in your mobile device settings. Incentive Programs (California Residents Only) The Services may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free or extended services (such as bonus streaming time or additional videos), which may require the provision of personal information. Such opportunities could be considered a financial incentive under applicable law (each, an “Incentive Program”). When you participate in an Incentive Program, you agree to the terms of that Incentive Program, and may revoke your participation depending on the Incentive Program (e.g., by opting out of emails or terminating a streaming service). To the extent we can determine the value of your information, we consider the value of providing you with a more personalized experience as well as the expenses we incur in providing Incentive Programs that are reasonably related to the costs associated with offering the Incentives. Third Parties List – Shine the Light (California Residents only) California residents can also request a list of all the third parties to which we have disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California’s Shine the Light law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California residents may contact us at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer. In the body of your request, you must include: “California Shine the Light Request”, your name, a current California address including, street address, city, state, and zip code, as well as sufficient information for us to determine if the law applies to you. You will need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident. We will not accept requests by telephone, email, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. Nevada Residents NBCUniversal does not engage in the following activity, however Nevada law requires us to post the following: certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. If you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from NBCUniversal, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by filling out this form . We will maintain your request in the event our practices change. Notice to Customers of Universal Studios Japan For customers of Universal Studios Japan, NBCUniversal and Universal Studios Japan may use your personal information jointly as follows: The information set forth in Section 1 of this Privacy Policy, Personal Information We Collect and Purposes ;The scope of entities who will use the personal information are set forth in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy, When We Share Your Information ; For questions, requests, or complaints related to the jointly-used personal information, you may contact USJ, LLC, who is responsible for the management of the jointly used personal information, at privacy@usj.co.jp . For customers of Universal Studios Japan who have questions or complaints related to Universal Studios Japan’s privacy practices, you may contact Universal Studios Japan directly by emailing privacy@usj.co.jp ,or calling 0570-20-0606, or writing to 2-1-33 Sakurajima, Konohana-ku, Osaka 554-0031 Japan, USJ LLC. For issues related to Club Universal please visit the Club Universal Inquiry page . YOUR CHOICES Cookies and Similar Technologies We and our service providers, advertisers, and other third parties use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., HTTP cookies, HTML 5, flash local storage cookies, web beacons, GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, hashed identifiers and software development kits) to recognize you on, off, and across NBCUniversal Services and your devices. For more information about the use of cookies and similar technologies on the NBCUniversal Services (including your opt-out choices) please see our Cookie Notice .Mobile App and Connected Devices Depending on the device you use, you may be able to manage your advertising and location preferences through your device settings and as outlined in our Cookie Notice . Many operating systems provide their own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to manage personalized in-application advertisements. You should review your device manufacturer’s support materials and/or the device settings for the respective operating systems for more detail on how to manage such preferences. You can stop all collection of information by a mobile app by uninstalling the app. Opt-out of Video Measurement Research by Nielsen NBCUniversal video services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software that will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. To learn more about Nielsen digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them, including in mobile apps and connected devices, please visit http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy for more information. Third-Party Online Services NBCUniversal Services may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) of third party platforms or contain links to third party services. These other platforms (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, and set top boxes) and sites (even if co-branded as NBCUniversal) may collect information about you and use this information in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms of service. We do not control those third parties’ policies or practices. Where NBCUniversal collects personal information on a co-branded website or service, we will provide a link to our privacy policy as appropriate. In some circumstances, NBCUniversal may host some websites on behalf of others and those entities may place or permit the placement of cookies and other tracking technology. NBCUniversal is not responsible for these tracking practices. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION We maintain organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect the information we collect and use. These safeguards vary depending upon a variety of factors including the sensitivity of the information we collect and use. Despite all reasonable practices, no security method is infallible. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. For example, we retain your email address as an authentication credential (where applicable) as long as you have an account with us and an additional period of time after that for our legitimate interests and for our fraud and legal compliance purposes. If you opt out of email marketing, we maintain your email on our suppression list for an extended time to comply with your request. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may vary depending on the NBCUniversal Services you use and how you interact with them. Some NBCUniversal Services may provide additional details on their data retention practices, so we encourage you to consult their website and/or FAQs. In addition, in the event you have an account that holds credits, point balances or other entitlements, we may continue to hold the account to allow you to obtain the benefit in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS NBCUniversal is a global company and has its headquarters in the United States. We may transfer your information to Related Companies, service providers, and other third parties located outside of your country of residence, including in the United States. This is necessary to provide our Services and for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Data privacy laws vary from country to country and may not be equivalent to, or as protective as, the laws in your home country. We take steps to ensure that reasonable safeguards are in place with aim to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in accordance with applicable law. These measures include data transfer agreements. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use.UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our practices or the law. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the NBCUniversal Services. Please check the NBCUniversal Services periodically for updates. The date at the top of the Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make material changes to the way we collect or use your information, you will be provided with appropriate notice, including by, but not limited to, posting the updated Privacy Policy on this website, and providing notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use the NBCUniversal Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge you have read and understand the updated Privacy Policy, and you understand that we will collect, use, and share information as stated therein. CONTACT US For any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us here . You can also contact us at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, USA, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer. The UK Representative of our US-based NBCUniversal Affiliates is NBCUniversal International Limited, 1 Central St Giles, St Giles High Street, London WC2H 8NU, United Kingdom. The EU Representative of our US-based NBCUniversal Affiliates is Universal Studios International B.V., Moermanskkade 421, 1013 BC Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Germany: If you are using NBCUniversal Services provided by Universal Pictures Germany GmbH or Universal Pictures International Germany GmbH , you can contact our German Data Protection Officer. You can contact the German Data Protection Officer, the UK Representative or the EU Representative by emailing privacy@nbcuni.com and stating which of the above you would like to contact. Candidate Privacy Policy To find out more about the information we collect during our recruitment process, please see our Candidate Privacy Policy . We have separate privacy policies for workforce data. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Footer menu New Secondary Footer © 2023 NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC.