CompanyBlogFacebookTwitterLinkedin800-518-9716Portal Login Toggle navigation Colocation Buffalo ColocationChicago ColocationDallas ColocationLos Angeles Colocation NYC ColocationSeattle ColocationAtlanta ColocationSan Jose Colocation Not sure where to begin? We'd be happy to schedule some time to discuss your infrastructure needs and come up with a solution that best fits your organization. Servers Dedicated ServersReseller ServersCloud Hosting Not sure where to begin? We'd be happy to schedule some time to discuss your infrastructure needs and come up with a solution that best fits your organization. Managed Services Managed HostingDisaster RecoveryManaged CloudDatacenter Migration DDoS MitigationManaged NetworkManaged FirewallRemote Hands Not sure where to begin? We'd be happy to schedule some time to discuss your infrastructure needs and come up with a solution that best fits your organization. Solutions Web/VPS HostingCloud HostingeCommerceBusiness Internet HealthcareGovernmentFinancial ServicesVoIP Legal Services Not sure where to begin? We'd be happy to schedule some time to discuss your infrastructure needs and come up with a solution that best fits your organization. Datacenters Buffalo, NYChicago, ILDallas, TXLos Angeles, CA New York City, NYAtlanta, GASeattle, WASan Jose, CA Not sure where to begin? We'd be happy to schedule some time to discuss your infrastructure needs and come up with a solution that best fits your organization. Secure Login Legal Services Sales Inquiries 24/7/365 Datacenter Legal Solutions The Legal industry is held to a strict and high level of standards when it comes to data security. Our dedicated professionals are here to help take the guesswork out of meeting and exceeding these standards. Critical Legal Technology Data Recordings & Data Retention Allow ColoCrossing to maintain and backup all of your mission-critical digital records. You can rest easy knowing that all of your information is safe and secure. Legal & Office Software Management Staying up to date with legal and office software management is no easy task. Ensure that you're current by entrusting this task to the experienced professionals here at ColoCrossing. Data Security Ensure that your organization doesn't fall victim to a data breach by hiring ColoCrossing to ensure complete data security. Desktop As A Service Need to access your desktop machine on the go? We can enable you to do that with a secure connection, allowing you to access important files without having to risk a breach in security. Looking for More? Single server, half cabinet, full cabinet, and cage space colocation Managed hosting, disaster recovery, datacenter migration, DDoS mitigation, and much more Catering network solutions for web/VPS hosting, government, healthcare, eCommerce, and much more Convinced? Get in Touch with Us Today! Please call 1-800-518-9716 to speak one-on-one with a member of our team, or fill out the form below Overview Servers Managed Services Solutions Datacenters © 2007 - 2023 ColoCrossing.All Rights Reserved. | Website Accessibility Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelCookie Policy Effective Date: April 4, 2023 Please read this cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how we use cookies on our website. This policy should be read together with our US Privacy Policy and/or our European Privacy Policy which set out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and information about regulators if you have a complaint. Our Website This cookie policy only relates to your use of our website. On our website we may link to other websites owned and operated by third parties to make additional products and services available to you. These other third-party websites may also use cookies or similar technologies in accordance with their own separate policies. For privacy information relating to these other third-party websites, please consult their policies as appropriate. Cookies A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (e.g., computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These help us recognize you and your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions. For example, we may monitor how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of your internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users, improve your shopping experience, administer the site, track users’ movements around the site, help advertisers enrich their profiles, helps manage cookies, helps us analyze trends and helps us improve site design. We also use cookies to remember you and to send you reminders – for example if you start shopping with us but do not proceed to check-out, we may store that information and send you reminders to complete your purchase. You can switch off most cookies off at any time. You will not be able to switch off strictly necessary cookies (explained below). You can switch off most cookies by visiting our Privacy Preference Center (PPC) by clicking on “Cookie Settings” at the bottom of any page on our site or by using your browser or other Tools to do this. If you chose to limit the use of cookies at the individual browser level or choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of some features or functions on our website. For further information on our use of cookies, please see below. For further information on cookies generally, including how to control and manage them, visit regulatory guidance on cookies such as Online Tracking | FTC Consumer Information by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or guidance from UK Information Commissioner’s Office . Types of Cookies The cookies we place on your device fall into the following categories: Strictly Necessary cookies: these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. We also use strictly necessary cookies for security and to help make our websites resilient. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance cookies: these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting cookies: these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising; and Functional cookies: these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all services may not function properly. Consent to use cookies and changing settings We will ask for your permission (consent) to place cookies or other similar technologies on your device, except where they are essential for us to provide you with a service that you have requested (e.g., to enable you to put items in your shopping basket and use our check-out process). You can withdraw any consent to the use of cookies or manage any other cookie preferences by using our Privacy Preference Center by clicking on “Cookie Settings” at the bottom of any page on our site.You can then select which types of cookies to allow by clicking on the sliding buttons next to each type of cookie. It may be necessary to refresh the page for the updated settings to take effect. Privacy Preference Center We use a Privacy Preference Center (PPC) on our websites to enable you to find out more about the cookies we use. For most cookies you’ll find the name of the cookie, a description of what it does and a link to the cookie provider’s privacy policy. We try and set out the likely retention period of the data in each cookie in the PPC too. Our PPC is built on the OneTrust platform. You can find out more information about OneTrust at https://www.onetrust.com/company/about-us/ . You can see OneTrust’s privacy policy at https://www.onetrust.com/privacy/ and find out more about the cookie platform we use here https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/ . Some of OneTrust’s cookies are labelled as ‘Optanon’. We rely on OneTrust for some of the information about cookies on our websites and setting your preferences in our PPC may involve the transfer of your personal data to OneTrust. That data may be transferred outside your own country. After your initial visit to the website, we may change the cookies we use. Our PPC should always allow you to know who is placing cookies, for what purpose and give you the means to not accept them through our PPC or otherwise disable them so you should check the information in the PPC from time to time. Third party access to the cookies We also partner with third parties to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide that advertising. The cookies we use should only be accessed by us and those third parties named in our PPC for the purposes referred to in this Cookies Policy and in the PPC. As we have explained in this policy and in the information in our PPC we have limited control over some of the third-party cookies which appear on our site. We will make efforts to try to ensure that those cookies will not be accessed by any other third party who is not disclosed in our PPC or the linked disclosures made from our PPC (for example in a privacy policy of the provider of the cookie linked from our PPC). As you will appreciate given the nature of the internet, we cannot fully control this however and we cannot guarantee that your data will not be seen by third parties. The third parties mentioned above and below may also transfer your data outside of your home country. To find out more about the data transfers that they undertake and the measures they put in place to protect those data transfers please visit their privacy policies. The CPC should have links to help you to review what they do. Google Cookies We may use a number of cookies from Google and its associated companies including DoubleClick. Google is based at 600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California, USA. We also use various Google services including Google Analytics and YouTube. Google’s privacy policy is here – https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ . Both this site and Google may also use analytics Tools from Google to collect internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. Note that Google may aggregate data from various sources including from these Tools. If you use a Google Chrome browser Google may also match information from your browser use with the data they collect from cookies and other Tools. Salesforce Cookies We may use a number of cookies from Salesforce and its associated companies. Salesforce is based at 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California, USA. We also use various Salesforce services in the business which support our sales and customer support teams. Salesforce’s privacy policy is here – https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/ . Note that Salesforce may aggregate data from various sources including from these Tools. Microsoft Cookies We may use a number of cookies from Microsoft. Microsoft is based at One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington, USA. We also use various Microsoft services including LinkedIn and we help Microsoft enrich the data it sells through services like bing.com. Microsoft’s privacy statement is here – https://privacy.microsoft.com//privacystatement . Note that Microsoft may aggregate data from various sources including from these Tools and from your use of LinkedIn.If you use a Microsoft browser like bing.com or solutions which may share data with Microsoft, such as ChatGPT or DALL-E, Microsoft may also match information from your internet use with the data they collect from cookies and other Tools. How to Turn Off All Cookies & Consequences of Doing So If you do not want to accept any cookies, you may be able to change your browser settings so that cookies (including those which are essential to the services requested) are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of our website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please visit the guidance published by the regulator in your jurisdiction, such as Online Tracking | FTC Consumer Information by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or guidance from UK Information Commissioner’s Office . Similar Technologies In addition to the cookies shown in our PPC, we use technologies that store information in your browser or device using local shared objects or local storage, such as flash cookies, ClearGIFs, pixel tags, HTML 5 cookies, and other web application software methods. These are used to enhance your user experience, for example, by storing your user preferences and settings. These technologies are similar to browser cookies, but some can store more complex data than simple text. They can operate across all of your browsers, and in some instances may not be fully managed by your browser and may require management directly through your installed applications or device. To find out more about these technologies you can use a search engine or access information from OneTrust here: https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/ . But please note that we’re not responsible for the accuracy of the information on other people’s websites. How to contact us If you have questions or comments about this policy or any information we may hold about you, you may contact us at: Attn: Privacy Office 801 S Marquette Ave Minneapolis, MN 55402, USA privacyprogramoffice@deluxe.com You may also have a number of rights in connection with our use of your data. You can visit our US Privacy Policy and/or our European Privacy Policy to find out more. If you would like this notice in another format (for example: audio, large print, braille) please contact us via the contact details in our Privacy Policies. Changes to this policy This policy was published on January 12, 2021, and last updated on April 4, 2023. We may update this cookie policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this cookies policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this cookies policy frequently. © 2023