Privacy Policy Privacy Policy When users visit and browse this website, no automatic recording of data which allows their identification by name is performed. However, in the event that the user provides some personal information or data, they shall be used for the purposes and in the form provided for in the current regulatory framework with regard to personal data protection. For this purpose, the privacy policy adopted by the company and its business group is hereby informed. Identity of the data controller Data Subject: Engineered Reinforcing Steel Industries Hold, S.à.R.L. (hereinafter ERSI) -holding company of Grupo Empresarial ERSI- established in 51, Boulevard Grand Duchesse Charlotte. L1331 Luxembourg. Tel +35 28 269 672. E-mail: gdpr@ersigroup.com urpose of the processing User personal data which may be collected through this website, shall be collected and processed in order to manage their relationship with ERSI and/or its business group. Specifically, they can be used for the management and response of a commercial request or job application of the user, or any other type within the professional field. In the event that the data collected were used for a purpose other than that for which they were collected, the prior consent of the interested parties shall be required. Legitimation The legitimacy of ERSI to process your data arises precisely from the need to respond to your prior request for the establishment of a commercial or professional relationship, or where appropriate, your consent to participate in a recruitment process. The personal data which may be collected on this website come from the user. ata protection ERSI has adopted, and has the firm commitment to maintain and improve, the technical and organisational measures deemed necessary to guarantee the protection and integrity of the data, as well as to prevent its tampering, loss, and unauthorised processing or access. ommunication, transfer, and processing of data. International transfers As a general principle, ERSI shall not communicate the data collected to third parties, except when such communication is necessary to manage and maintain the commercial or professional relationship with the user, or otherwise, when authorised by the latter. The data shall only be transferred without the consent of the user when required by law. ERSI informs you that for the development of its business activity it works with several collaborators who could access to your data to carry out an assignment for processing. In such cases, said access and processing (and not transfer of data), shall be carried out with the security measures required to protect your personal data, requiring said collaborators to comply with the applicable data protection regulations. ERSI has a large business group based in several countries, beyond the borders of the European Economic Area, so it may be necessary to communicate user data to our subsidiaries abroad and, in turn, said collaborators established outside the European Economic Area might have access to such data to carry out an assignment for processing. ata retention The data collected from the user shall be retained as long as they are useful and necessary for the purpose for which they were collected. Therefore, if a contractual relationship arises, we shall retain the data during the validity thereof and for the time that, after its completion, is necessary in accordance with the applicable regulations, to defend the company interests derived from said contractual relationship. Regarding the data collected from a user application in a resume or similar document collected in this website, they shall be retained for a maximum period of 3 years. If the user is interested in continuing to participate in our recruiting processes, he/she must send his/her data again. ights The users of this website who provide their personal data, shall have all the rights recognised by the applicable legislation in force at all times. Specifically, in accordance with current applicable regulations, users shall have the following rights: Right to request the correction of their inaccurate data.Right to request the deletion of their dataRight to request limitation of the processing of their dataRight to revoke the consent givenRight to object to the processing of their dataRight to receive the personal data incumbent upon them and which they have provided, in a structured format. Users can exercise their rights by submitting their claim to the company by sending an email to the address gdpr@ersigroup.com or filling in the " Complaints and Claims Form" pplicable law The Luxembourg laws shall govern the relationship between ERSI and the user. Any dispute shall be submitted to the Courts of Luxembourg. About Us We are an international reference in services to the construction sector thanks to our integral solution that improves productivity, quality and safety in the works.Infomation Contact Us 51 Boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, L-1331 Luxembourg +35 28 269 672 info@ersigroup.com 2017Integrated Management System Policy CompanyERSI Group policiesIntegrated Management System Policy The ERSI Group Integrated Management System Policy is based on the comprehensive conception of the management of our activities, fulfilling the contractual requirements agreed upon in each case with our customers and thus achieving their trust and full satisfaction. ERSI Group management considers as priority objectives within its Management Policy, the quality of the product and the services we offer, the responsibility with our collaborators, the effective protection of the environment and the safety and health of the employees. In order to achieve these objectives, the following principles are established: To identify and comply with the applicable legal requirements and other requirements established by the company, related to Occupational Health and Safety, with the environmental and quality aspects, as well as with the customers' requirements, and to achieve their satisfaction. To develop its activities under safety standards, occupational health and environmental care that allow complying with the requirements of its customers and interested parties, prevent injuries and the deterioration of health related to the work of people who participate directly or indirectly in the activities of the company (including contractors and subcontractors, as appropriate) and prevent environmental pollution by providing a healthy and safe workplace, thus contributing to be an agent of change in the places where it develops its activities. To comply with and enforce the requirements related to the quality of the product we offer. To manage our organisation based on processes as well as establishing performance indicators that allow us to continuously improve its effectiveness. To eliminate hazards, evaluate, assess and reduce risks both in the Environmental and Occupations Health and Safety field and establish the corresponding controls. The adoption of a comprehensive perspective of the Life Cycle in the activities, services and products offered by the Company, as well as in the products or services it contracts. Environment Protection, pollution prevention, rational use and exploitation of natural resources, reduction of waste and minimisation of environmental degradation. The maintenance of an organisational culture that encourages all employees to take personal responsibility for Quality, Occupational Safety and Health, and care for the Environment. Commitment to the provision of resources for the implementation of the Management System. Prevention of drug and alcohol consumption at work. The guarantee that workers and their representatives are consulted and actively participate in all elements of the Management System. The continuous improvement of this Management System, establishing improvement objectives and goals that allow evaluating its performance and implementing the actions necessary to reach the proposed achievements, integrating it with the other Company's Management Systems, taking into account the context in which the organisation is developing. Ultimately ERSI Group undertakes to provide satisfactory products and services to customers, providing employees of its Group companies with a safe, stable and environmentally responsible environment by permanently updating occupational and environmental risk prevention measures, as well as to scrupulously respect the applicable regulations in this matter in all the places where it develops its business activities. The Management About Us We are an international reference in services to the construction sector thanks to our integral solution that improves productivity, quality and safety in the works. Infomation Contact Us 51 Boulevard Grande Duchesse Charlotte, L-1331 Luxembourg +35 28 269 672 info@ersigroup.com 2017