Privacy Policy The following is the Privacy Policy for conductrics.com. For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@conductrics.com or by mail at Conductrics Inc., 222 Broadway, New York NY 10038. Please contact us if you have any questions. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you visit the Site, we may collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, and time zone. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information." We collect Device Information using the following technologies: – "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. – "Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. – "Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally when you request information via our contact page, we collect certain information from you, which includes your email address, and if you provide it your phone number. We refer to this information as "Request Information." When we talk about “User Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Request Information. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? We use the Request Information that we collect generally to contact you when you have requested that we do so. Additionally, we use this Request Information to: When in line with your explicit approval, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION? We may share your information, with our regional partners, but ONLY if you have requested service information about our partner services. In other words, we don’t share your information unless you have requested and given consent. We do reserve the right to use Google Analytics, or similar technology to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . We will update this section if other technology solutions are used on the site. We may also share your Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. DO NOT TRACK Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. That said, we only receive request information if you have explicitly sent us this information. YOUR RIGHTS If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site or via email, or phone communications), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. DATA RETENTION When you request information through the Site, we will maintain your request Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. CHANGES We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@conductrics.com or by mail using the details provided below: Conductrics Inc.222 Broadway, New York, NY 10038 (USA) Conductrics Platform Company Docs © 2022 Conductrics. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account yet? Sign up here Log in with Google Log in Don't have an account yet? Sign up here Your email Please enter a valid email address. Password Please enter a valid password.Sign up Already have an account? Log in here Sign up with Google By continuing you agree to our Terms and Conditions Sign up Already have an account? Log in here Your email Please enter a valid email address. Password Your password is invalid. Please try again. Confirm password Password does not match the confirm password. By continuing you agree to our Terms and Conditions Forgot password? Enter the email address you used when you joined and we'll send you instructions to reset your password. Your email Please enter a valid email address. Trusted by the world's best teamsData Privacy & Integrity Rather than a strategy of proactively watching and recording everything your visitors do, Conductrics was designed from the ground up to store as little information needed to run your A/B tests and other projects. For Testing and Predictions, we keep only the minimum information required to provide the aggregated counts and other statistics we provide in our reporting. No IPs or Customer IDs need be exposed to or stored by Conductrics. For surveys, you can provide your own database to store the individual survey responses. This places the records directly under your control, where you can apply your internal data governance practices directly. Control over rollouts Deploy With Confidence Testing and market research only works if everyone trusts the implementation. Conductrics provides tools to carry out experiments and surveys correctly and safely. Confidence during implementation QA and Preview Tools to verify that your tests and surveys are just right before launching. Condidence Through Awareness Notifications and Alerts To keep on top of your Conductrics implementation and day-to-day operations. Team-Based Organization Simple management tools to assign team responsibilities appropriately. Keep users, tests, and optimization projects organized with teams. Use roles to grant the right access levels. Let all your users view reports, while letting only certain users set up tests, and others the ability to push to production. Protect your account with Two-Factor Authentication (TOTP 2FA/MFA). Optionally require 2FA again to deploy to production. SSO via SAML also supported. Conductrics Platform Company Docs © 2022 Conductrics. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account yet? Sign up here Log in with Google Log in Don't have an account yet? Sign up here Your email Please enter a valid email address. Password Please enter a valid password. Sign up Already have an account? Log in here Sign up with Google By continuing you agree to our Terms and Conditions Sign up Already have an account? Log in here Your email Please enter a valid email address. Password Your password is invalid. Please try again. Confirm password Password does not match the confirm password. By continuing you agree to our Terms and Conditions Forgot password? Enter the email address you used when you joined and we'll send you instructions to reset your password. Your email Please enter a valid email address. Trusted by the world's best teams