CHANGES TO THIS POLICY The Company may change this policy. Such changes become effective when the updated policy is posted on our website. If the changes materially affect your privacy, the Company will notify you and seek your consent. QUESTIONS If you have any questions about this policy, the information we have about you or our processing of your personal information, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@connatix.com. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS RESIDING IN CALIFORNIA If you are an individual residing in California, we provide you with the following information pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). This is also the information we have collected in the past 12 months. We do not sell your personal information and have not done so in the past 12 months. We also do not share your personal information for online behaviorally targeted ads and have not done so in the past 12 months. Identifiers of the applicant Your name, residential address Conducting a proper recruitment process, assessing how suitable you are for the position, deciding whether to hire you and, where relevant, preparing to enter into an employment agreement with you.Handle complaints and lawsuits relating to your candidacyConsider you for future openings at the Company and our corporate group affiliates.For more information, see above in this Notice, under “Purposes of Processing and Collecting your Personal Information” Other information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, the applicant Contact details, demographic information, skills, hobbies, employment status, title, family status, status in the U.S., background check, criminal record, and information on your right to work in the U.S. Professional or employment-related information Your professional training, employment history, references, current and historic salary information, and salary expectations Education information Your professional education Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law Gender, racial or ethnic origin, health condition. These are considered sensitive information under the CPRA. We do not use or discloses this sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in the CPRA regulations. Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about the applicant Assessment of characteristics, skills, abilities, and aptitudes DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES The chart below explains about the personal information we disclosed for a business purpose to third parties in the preceding 12 months. Identifiers of the applicant With other companies in our corporate group, for the same purposes indicated in the chart above.With outside legal counsels, for the purpose of handling complaints and lawsuits relating to your candidacy.With third parties to which a law or binding order requires us to disclose your information to. Our purpose in doing so complying with our obligations under the law or the binding order.With the target entity of our merger, acquisition or reorganization, and legal counsels, and advisors, for the purpose of facilitating the structural change in the operation of our business within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition). Other information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, the applicant Professional or employment-related information Education information Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about the applicant YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CPRA IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA Knowing the personal information, we collect about you You have the right to know: The categories of personal information we have collected about you.The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any.The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Right to deletion Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will: Delete your personal information from our records; andDirect any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us.Help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes. Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that conforms or adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the ability to complete such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information. or Comply with an existing legal obligation. We also will deny your request to delete if it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, or if another exception to the CPRA applies. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to delete your information. Right to correct inaccurate personal information If we receive a verifiable request from you to correct your information and we determined the accuracy of the corrected information you provide, we will correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we will consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information. We also may require that you provide documentation if we believe it is necessary to rebut our own documentation that the personal information is accurate. We may deny your request to correct in the following cases: We have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that your request to correct is fraudulent or abusive.We determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.Conflict with federal or state law.Other exception to the CPRA.Inadequacy in the required documentationCompliance proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to correct your information Protection against discrimination You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CPRA. Exercising your CPRA rights by yourself or through an authorized agent If you would like to exercise any of your CPRA rights as described in this Notice, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@connatix.com. We will ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using a two or three points of data verification process, depending on the type of information you require and the nature of your request. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained above. PublishersAdvertisersNews & ViewsAbout UsInformationPrivacy PolicyPricingGeneral Privacy Policy Introduction We, at Connatix Native Exchange, Inc. (the “ Company ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, “ our ”), respect the privacy and data protection rights of our website visitors, portal users and business contacts. This Privacy Notice (the " Notice ") describes the personal information we have and the policies and procedures we use regarding personal information, in each of the following contexts – The data practices on our website https://connatix.com/ (the “Website” )Our relationship with representatives of existing and prospective customers, partners, and vendors (the “ Representatives” ), and the Representatives that login to use our Portal (“ Portal Users ”). This Notice may be amended from time to time. We will post any change to this Notice on our Website a reasonable time in advance of the effective date of the change, and we will also make efforts to proactively notify you by email of the changes to the Notice if we have your email address. Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Notice or our processing of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@connatix.com . WHAT WE COLLECT AND WHY Contacting us with an inquiry through the Website Our business development Name, email address, company affiliation, position, and content of inquiry Managing the contracts and business relationship with customers and partners Administering the business and professional services relationship with customers and partners Facilitating the provision of support to customers and partners Name, email address, company affiliation, position, phone number, country, past communications, products, and services used or expressed interest in Managing the sale contracts and business relationship with vendors and service providers Administering the business relationship with vendors and service providers Facilitating Connatix’s use of vendors and service provider’s products and services Name, email address, company affiliation, position, phone number, country, past communications Portal Users accessing and using the Portal Administering the relationship and service agreement we have with the Portal User’s business. Facilitating the provision of the Portal and support for the Portal Name, username, email address, password, company; position; phone number; country; past communications; activities performed on the Portal. If a person abused their rights to use the Website, the Portal, or violated any applicable law while doing business with us Responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business Any of the information mentioned above METHODS AND SOURCES FOR COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect the personal information from several sources: Directly from you as when you provide it to us through email communications, a registration form, or when you give us your business card. You are not legally obligated to provide us your personal information, but if you do not, we will not be able to handle or respond to your inquiry, maintain our business contact with you, or fulfill your request to register as a Portal User.If another representative of your organization provides us with your information You do not have a legal duty to provide information to us. However, you will not be able to submit a request, access the Portal or be in contact with us, without providing the above information. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We will not share your information with third parties, except in the events listed below or when you provide us your explicit and informed consent. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We will share your personal information with our service providers who assist us with the internal operations of our business and the Website. These companies are authorised to use your personal information in this context only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes. Operating the Website and our business Amazon Web Services If you abused your rights to use the Website or violated any applicable law in the course of doing business with us. Responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business. Competent authorities, legal counsels, and advisors. If a judicial, governmental, or regulatory authority requires us to disclose your information. Complying with a binding request from a competent authority.Competent authorities. If the operation of the Website or our business is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition). Enabling a structural change in the operation of the Website and our business. The target entity of the merger or acquisition, legal counsels, and advisors. DATA RETENTION AND SECURITY We retain your information for the duration we need it to operate the Website, the Portal and our business, and interact with customers, partners, and suppliers, and thereafter as needed for record-keeping matters. We will retain your information for the duration needed to support our ordinary business activities operating the Website, the Portal and interacting with existing and potential customers, suppliers, and partners. Thereafter, we will still retain your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, establish, and defend legal claims and enforce our agreements. The overall period of retention is approximately 7 years. We implement measures to secure your information We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, there is no guarantee that it will be immune from information security risks. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EU OR UK Controller and GDPR representative Connatix Native Exchange Inc. 666 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10012, United States of America Connatix Native Exchange Romania S.R.L (Ltd.) 36 Ploiesti Street, 2nd Floor, Cluj-Napoca, Romania RO-Office@connatix.com International data transfers To facilitate processing your information within the companies in our corporate group and by our service providers, we will transfer your information to countries such as the United States. We do so under the terms of a data transfer agreement which contain standard data protection contract clauses with adequate safeguards determined by the EU Commission. Legal basis for processing your personal data Responding to your inquiry Legitimate interests in developing potential leads and responding to business inquiries Administering the business and services relationship with customers and partners. Facilitating the provision of support to the customer or partner. Legitimate interests in administering and performing the contractual obligations with customers and partners Administering the business relationship with vendors and service providers Facilitating Connatix’s use of vendors and service provider’s products and services Legitimate interests in administering contractual obligations with service provider and vendors Responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business Legitimate interests in defending and enforcing against violations and breaches that are harmful to our business Complying with a binding request from a competent authority Legitimate interests in complying with mandatory legal requirements imposed on us Enabling a structural change in the operation of the Website and our business Legitimate interests in our business continuity Data subject rights If you are in the EU or the UK, you have the following rights under the GDPR: Right to Access and receive a copy of your personal information that we process. Right to Rectify inaccurate personal information we have concerning you and to have incomplete personal information completed. Right to Data Portability , that is, to receive the personal information that you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit this data to another person or entity. Where technically feasible, you have the right to have your personal information transmitted directly from us to the person or entity you designate. Right to Object to our processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interest.However, we may override the objection if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds, or if we need to process such personal information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Right to Restrict us from processing your personal information (except for storing it): (a) if you contest the accuracy of the personal information (in which case the restriction applies only for a period enabling us to determine the accuracy of the personal information); (b) if the processing is unlawful and you prefer to restrict the processing of the personal information rather than requiring the deletion of such data by us; (c) if we no longer need the personal information for the purposes outlined in this Notice, but you require the personal information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) if you object to our processing based on our legitimate interest (in which case the restriction applies only for the period enabling us to determine whether our legitimate grounds for processing override yours). Right to be Forgotten . Under certain circumstances, such as when you object to our processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interest and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, you have the right to ask us to erase your personal information. However, notwithstanding such request, we may still process your personal information if it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us through the channels listed in this Notice. If another representative of your organization provides us with your information When you contact us, we reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with information. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will explain the reason. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If you are in the EU, then according to Article 77 of the GDPR, you can lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement of the GDPR. For a list of supervisory authorities in the EU, click here .If you are in the UK, you can lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) pursuant to the instructions provided ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN CALIFORNIA If you are an individual residing in California, we provide you with the following information pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). This is also the information we have collected in the past 12 months. We do not sell your personal information and have not done so in the past 12 months. We also do not share your personal information for online behavioral-targeted ads and have not done so in the past 12 months. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information. Identifiers Name, email address. • Business development • Administering the business and professional services relationship with customers and partners and facilitating the provision of support to customers and partners • Facilitating the provision of the Portal and support for the Portal • Administering the business relationship with vendors and service providers and facilitating Connatix’s use of vendors and service provider’s products and services • Administering the relationship and service agreement we have with the Portal User’s business. • Responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business Other information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, the individual Company affiliation, position, phone number, past communications with you and content of your inquiry. Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies Products and services used or expressed interest in. Disclosing your information to third parties The chart below explains about the personal information we disclosed for a business purpose to third parties in the preceding 12 months. Identifiers With outside legal counsels and authorities, for the purpose of responding to, handling, and mitigating suspected violations of law in connection with our business.With third parties to which a law or binding order requires us to disclose your information to.Our purpose in doing so complying with our obligations under the law or the binding order.With the target entity of our merger, acquisition or reorganization, and legal counsels, and advisors, for the purpose of facilitating the structural change in the operation of our business within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition). Other information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, the individual Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies Your rights under the CCPA if you are a resident of California Knowing the personal information we collect about you You have the right to know: The categories of personal information we have collected about you.The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any.The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Right to deletion Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will: Delete your personal information from our records; andDirect any service providers to delete your personal information from their records. Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity. Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that conforms or adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the ability to complete such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information. or Comply with an existing legal obligation. We also will deny your request to delete if it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, or if another exception to the CPRA applies. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to delete your information. Right to correct inaccurate personal information If we receive a verifiable request from you to correct your information and we determined the accuracy of the corrected information you provide, we will correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we will consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information. We also may require that you provide documentation if we believe it is necessary to rebut our own documentation that the personal information is accurate. We may deny your request to correct in the following cases: We have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that your request to correct is fraudulent or abusive.We determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.Conflict with federal or state law.Other exception to the CPRA.Inadequacy in the required documentationCompliance proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to correct your information. Protection against discrimination You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA.Exercising your CCPA rights If you would like to exercise any of your CPRA rights as described in this Notice, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@connatix.com . We will ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using a two or three points of data verification process, depending on the type of information you require and the nature of your request. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below. Disclosures to third parties California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (and other, similar state statutes) permits our customers who are California residents (or residents of states with similar legislation) to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@connatix.com . Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year Video Platform Privacy Policy Introduction We, at Connatix Native Exchange, Inc. (the “ Company ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, “ our ”), develop and operate a video advertising solution (the “ Solution ”). The Solution is used in websites, apps, and other online media (“ Online Properties ”), by the operators of those Online Properties (“ Publishers ”). If we are permitted to in accordance with privacy laws (such as with your consent or after giving you a right to opt-out), we will collect and share your personal data in order to display ads that aim to be tailored to your interests. This Privacy Notice (the " Notice ") describes the personal information we have and the policies and procedures we use regarding your personal data we process through our Solution. This Notice may be amended from time to time. We will post any change to this Notice on our Website a reasonable time in advance of the effective date of the change. Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Notice or our processing of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@connatix.com . WHAT WE COLLECT AND HOW When you access an Online Property that uses the Solution, we will collect and process the following information: A unique user ID that Connatix generates and is fetched when you access various publisher sites where the Solution is used.The IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers), if the Online Property is an iOS native app.The AAID (Android Advertising identifier), if the Online Property is a native android app.The IP address of the device you use to access the Internet.Your approximate (city-granular) location derived from IP address. This is not a precise geolocation. Contextual information: the content on the Online Property you are accessing, the URL, and keywords and tags of content on the Online Property.Analytics information: the browser type, language, and operating system you use. The source of this information is the device you use to access the Internet and the Online Property you are accessing. Some of this information is stored and accessed through a cookie saved on the device you use to access the Internet. WHAT WE USE THIS INFORMATION FOR We use the information explained above for a number of purposes: To distinguish the device you use to access the Internet from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type.To show you ads based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, and your device type.To show you personalized ads and other content based on a profile about your visits to Online Properties and your approximate location.To measure the performance and effectiveness of ads and other content that you see or interact with. To conduct market research to learn more about the audiences who visit the Online Properties and view ads.To improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products.To monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.To receive and send technical information that enables your device to present and interact with ads and content. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We share your information with third parties in the events listed below. We will share your personal information with our service providers who assist us with the internal operations of our business and the Solution. These companies are authorized to use your personal information in this context only as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own promotional purposes.Operating the Solution Amazon Web Services The ongoing operation of the Solution Serve you with personalized ads and content. Ad networks we are engaged with, as detailed here. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EU OR UK Controller and GDPR representative Connatix Native Exchange Inc. 666 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10012, United States of America Connatix Native Exchange Romania S.R.L (Ltd.) 36 Ploiesti Street, 2nd Floor, Cluj-Napoca, Romania RO-Office@connatix.com International data transfers To facilitate processing your information within the companies in our corporate group and by our service providers, we will transfer your information to countries such as the United States. We do so under the terms of a data transfer agreement which contain standard data protection contract clauses with adequate safeguards determined by the EU Commission. Legal basis for processing your personal data To distinguish the device you use to access the Internet from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type. Consent To show you ads based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, and your device type. Consent To show you personalized ads and other content based on a profile about your visits to Online Properties and your approximate location. Consent To measure the performance and effectiveness of ads and other content that you see or interact with. Consent To conduct market research to learn more about the audiences who visit the Online Properties and view ads. Consent To improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products. Consent To monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. Legitimate interests in preventing fraudulent activity To receive and send technical information that enables your device to present and interact with ads and content Legitimate interests in providing the content or ad requested Data subject rights If you are in the EU or the UK, you have the following rights under the GDPR: Right to Access and receive a copy of your personal information that we process. Right to Rectify inaccurate personal information we have concerning you and to have incomplete personal information completed. Right to withdraw consent that you’ve previously given to our processing of your personal data, at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Right to Data Portability , that is, to receive the personal information that you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit this data to another person or entity. Where technically feasible, you have the right to have your personal information transmitted directly from us to the person or entity you designate. Right to Object to our processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interest. However, we may override the objection if we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds, or if we need to process such personal information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Right to Restrict us from processing your personal information (except for storing it): (a) if you contest the accuracy of the personal information (in which case the restriction applies only for a period enabling us to determine the accuracy of the personal information); (b) if the processing is unlawful and you prefer to restrict the processing of the personal information rather than requiring the deletion of such data by us; (c) if we no longer need the personal information for the purposes outlined in this Notice, but you require the personal information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) if you object to our processing based on our legitimate interest (in which case the restriction applies only for the period enabling us to determine whether our legitimate grounds for processing override yours). Right to be Forgotten . Under certain circumstances, such as when you object to our processing of your personal information based on our legitimate interest and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, you have the right to ask us to erase your personal information. However, notwithstanding such request, we may still process your personal information if it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us through the channels listed in this Notice. When you contact us, we reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with information.Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will explain the reason.Subject to applicable law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If you are in the EU, then according to Article 77 of the GDPR, you can lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement of the GDPR. For a list of supervisory authorities in the EU, click If you are in the UK, you can lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) pursuant to the instructions provided here. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN CALIFORNIA If you are an individual residing in California, we provide you with the following information pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). This is also the information we have collected in the past 12 months. We share all of the categories of personal information detailed below for online behaviorally targeted ads, but we do not sell your personal information and have not done so in the past 12 months. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information. Identifiers A unique user ID that Connatix generates and is fetched when you access various publisher sites where the Solution is used. The IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers), if the Online Property is an iOS native app. The AAID (Android Advertising identifier), if the Online Property is a native android app. The IP address of the device you use to access the Internet. To distinguish the device you use to access the Internet from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type. To show you ads based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, and your device type.To measure the performance and effectiveness of ads and other content that you see or interact with.To conduct market research to learn more about the audiences who visit the Online Properties and view ads.To improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products.To monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. To receive and send technical information that enables your device to present and interact with ads and content. Internet or other electronic network activity information Your approximate (city-granular) location derived from IP address. This is not a precise geolocation.Contextual information: the content on the Online Property you are accessing, the URL, and keywords and tags of content on the Online Property.Analytics information: the browser type, language, and operating system you use. Inferences Creating a profile about your preferences To show you personalized ads and other content based on a profile about your visits to Online Properties and your approximate location. Sharing and disclosing your information to third parties The chart below explains about the personal information we share for online behaviorally targeted ads in the preceding 12 months. Other than this sharing, we have not disclosed your personal information for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months. We do not have actual knowledge that we share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age for online behaviorally targeted ads Identifiers Advertising networks To distinguish the device you use to access the Internet from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type.To show you ads based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, and your device type.To measure the performance and effectiveness of ads and other content that you see or interact with.To conduct market research to learn more about the audiences who visit the Online Properties and view ads.To improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products.To monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.To receive and send technical information that enables your device to present and interact with ads and content. Internet or other electronic network activity information Inferences To show you personalized ads and other content based on a profile about your visits to Online Properties and your approximate location. Your rights under the CPRA if you are a resident of California Knowing the personal information we collect about you You have the right to know: The categories of personal information we have collected about you.The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any.The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. Right to deletion Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will: Delete your personal information from our records; andDirect any service providers to delete your personal information from their records. Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity. Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research that conforms or adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the ability to complete such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us and compatible with the context in which you provided the information. or Comply with an existing legal obligation. We also will deny your request to delete if it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, or if another exception to the CPRA applies. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to delete your information. Right to correct inaccurate personal information If we receive a verifiable request from you to correct your information and we determined the accuracy of the corrected information you provide, we will correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. In determining the accuracy of the personal information that is the subject of your request to correct, we will consider the totality of the circumstances relating to the contested personal information. We also may require that you provide documentation if we believe it is necessary to rebut our own documentation that the personal information is accurate. We may deny your request to correct in the following cases: We have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that your request to correct is fraudulent or abusive.We determine that the contested personal information is more likely than not accurate based on the totality of the circumstances.Conflict with federal or state law.Other exception to the CPRA.Inadequacy in the required documentation.Compliance proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. We will provide you a detailed explanation that includes enough facts to give you a meaningful understanding as to why we cannot comply with the request to correct your information. Protection against discrimination You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CPRA.Exercising your CPRA rights and methods for submitting requests If you would like to exercise any of your CPRA rights as described in this Notice, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@connatix.com. We will ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal data requested to you, by using a two or three points of data verification process, depending on the type of information you require and the nature of your request. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below. Disclosures to third parties California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (and other, similar state statutes) permits our customers who are California residents (or residents of states with similar legislation) to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@connatix.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year. PublishersAdvertisersNews & ViewsAbout UsInformationPrivacy PolicyPricing