Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Highlights Last modified: July 1, 2023 (View Archived Versions ) Consumer Reports is an independent, nonprofit member organization that works side by side with consumers for truth, transparency, and fairness in the marketplace. As part of that mission, we are committed to following a core set of Privacy Principles . Please note that the Consumer Reports Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the revised Privacy Policy carefully before using any of our products, services and programs. By using our products, services and programs you consent to the terms of our updated Privacy Policy. Click here for more information about the updates. For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy . Scope of Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy covers the Consumer Reports family of digital services, print publications, and other products, services and programs that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “CR Products”). Information Collected We collect a variety of information about you, including: Information you provide directly to us.Information we collect automatically on the CR Products, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies . For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.Information we obtain from other sources where permitted by law.Information that is combined or supplemented with information from other sources. Use of Information We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including: To fulfill products, services and information you’ve requested.To customize your experience so that we can make a better, more compelling experience for our users.To provide you with products, services and programs we believe may be of interest to you.To conduct consumer policy and mobilization activities, such as running campaigns on consumer policy issues, and informing our efforts to recruit, train and connect our consumer activists.To provide insights to manufacturers, regulators, researchers and other third parties to help improve the marketplace. As otherwise described to you at the time of collection or with your consent. Disclosure of Information We may share information within the Consumer Reports family and with various third parties, including: With our authorized service providersWhen you make a donationWhen you enter a sweepstakes or contestWhen you submit a user reviewFor direct-mail campaignsWith policymakers when you take action on a policy issueWith manufacturers, regulators, researchers and other third parties to help improve the marketplaceTo protect our websites and usersWhen required by law Choice/Opt Out You have choices regarding the use of information we collect. You can stop the delivery of promotional email from a CR Product by following the instructions in the message.You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements.You can opt out of receiving communications from us in connection with donations, surveys, policy and mobilization emails, direct mail, and other communications.You can opt out of direct mail promotional offers from third parties. Other We believe that consumers have a right to know what information is being collected about them and how that information is being used. We also believe that consumers should be able to access their information and delete it whenever possible.For persons residing outside of the United States, we provide information regarding your rights under this Privacy Policy. Read More We have adopted commercially reasonable information security policies and practices to help protect your information (but please note that no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure). We may revise the Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices, in which event we will update the date the Privacy Policy was last modified that is posted at the top of the Policy.For more information about our privacy practices, please review our complete Privacy Policy .If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or write to us at: Consumer Reports Attn: Member Support 101 Truman Avenue Yonkers, NY 10703 For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy . © 2023 Consumer Reports, Inc. Member Support About Product Reviews Magazine & Books More Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy.We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool. If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelGuide to Digital Security & Privacy Get expert advice on how to stay safe online, protect your phone and laptop from hackers, and control online tracking by tech companies. Updated July 25, 2023 Smart Appliances Promise Convenience and Innovation. But Is Your Privacy Worth the Price? Manufacturers collect data every time you run your dryer and open your refrigerator, but most of them don’t want to talk about it. Should You Give Roku's New Security Products a Try? The Consumer Reports Scam Protection Guide Should You Give Roku's New Security Products a Try? The Consumer Reports Scam Protection Guide How to Wipe a Computer Clean of Personal DataBest Video Doorbell Cameras of 2023Best Photo Scanning and Video Digitizing ServicesTips for Better PasswordsWhat to Do If Your Instagram Account Gets Hacked Find Ratings & Reviews Antivirus Software Password Managers How to Wipe a Computer Clean of Personal DataBest Video Doorbell Cameras of 2023Best Photo Scanning and Video Digitizing ServicesTips for Better PasswordsWhat to Do If Your Instagram Account Gets Hacked Members get access to money-saving tools and benefits. Members get access to money-saving tools and benefits. Tips to Protect Yourself More helpful advice against the latest threats to your privacy and security. How to Spot Fake Online Reviews These tips will help you recognize what’s real. What to Do If the Police Ask for Your Security Camera or Video Doorbell Recordings How to Use Ring's Control Center for Better Privacy and Security CR's Security Planner Tool Latest News New Buy Now, Pay Later Loans Come With More Risks Doorbell Camera Face-Off: Google Nest vs. Ring Buy Now, Pay Later Apps Are Popular, but Are They Safe? Should You Use Passkeys Instead of Passwords? Facial Recognition Is Coming to Your Neighborhood Through Home Security Cameras and Video Doorbells It’s Not Just Ring. Google, SimpliSafe, and Others Could Share Video Footage With Police Without Consent. Your Smart Devices Are Trying to Manipulate You With ‘Dark Patterns’ Member Support About Product Reviews Magazine & Books More Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool. If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest).These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy is a right! Your data is collected, bought and sold without your knowledge or consent. This enables powerful interests to shape the information you see, the prices you pay, and even the opportunities you get. Advocating for laws that ensure that companies use your data only for the things that you have agreed to let them do. Increasing transparency about the data practices of companies you interact with, and how you can exercise your rights. Advocating for laws that ensure that companies use your data only for the things that you have agreed to let them do. Increasing transparency about the data practices of companies you interact with, and how you can exercise your rights. Quick Data Privacy Tips From Security Planner Learn How To … Protect Texts on Your Lock Screen Turn on Your Firewall Try a Temporary Email Cover Your Laptop Webcam Get free personalized online safety recommendations with Security Planner! Data Privacy Product Ratings Antivirus Software Mobile security software Smart Speakers Password Managers Wireless Routers All Products A-Z Best Baby Monitors of 2023 We tested models from Nanit, Owlet, Vava, VTech, and other top brands. Here are the ones that do best on ease of use, privacy, and security. August 10, 2023 Smart Appliances Promise Convenience and Innovation. But Is Your Privacy Worth the Price? Manufacturers collect data every time you run your dryer and open your refrigerator, but most of them don't want to talk about it. July 24, 2023 The Consumer Reports Scam Protection Guide It's harder than ever to tell if that email, text, or phone call is from someone trying to steal your money, personal information, or both. What you need to know now. July 6, 2023 View More Consumer Reports Data Privacy Advocacy Consumer Reports Submits Comments on Proposed FTC Health Breach Notification Rule Updates August 8, 2023 Consumer Reports calls on the FCC to require cable companies to display all-in price and ban junk fees that may potentially mislead consumers August 1, 2023 CR Letter to CA Assembly Appropriations Committee Supporting SB 244 July 27, 2023 Consumer Reports Supports TICKET Act for Transparent Ticket Pricing, Urges the Senate to Prioritize Consumer Protection July 26, 2023 CR Letter of Support for TICKET Act July 26, 2023 View More Get Involved You Test 4 steps to strengthen your digital privacy Share Your Story How do you feel about current digital privacy protections? Petition Ask Congress to Pass a Strong Privacy Law When the Federal Trade Commission hit Facebook with a $5 billion penalty for its privacy failures in July, the FTC cited CR's investigation into problems with Facebook's facial recognition settings as one of the major examples of the company's privacy lapses. In September, Facebook updated the settings to address the issues identified by CR. The issue In 2017, Facebook announced a new setting to give consumers control over their facial recognition data. But as CR discovered, many users were never given access to the setting What CR did CR observed Facebook users as they navigated their accounts. Several lacked the Face Recognition setting. This confirmed that many users had no clear way to opt out of one of the world's largest name-face databases The result Facebook agreed to roll out controls to all usersThe Federal Trade Commission cited the CR research in announcing its record $5 billion settlement with FacebookThe FTC settlement imposed new facial recognition protections on the company Member Support About Product Reviews Magazine & Books More Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool.If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Consumer Reports Cookie Policy Last modified: July 10, 2020 When you use our websites or other digital services or open our emails, we or our service providers may collect information through cookies, web beacons and other technologies. This Cookie Policy explains these technologies and how you can control their use. This policy applies to all Consumer Reports websites and other digital services that link to this policy. These cookies and other technologies help make our digital services better and enhance the user experience by offering you a more relevant and customized experience. We also use cookies to monitor and stabilize our websites, measure the use and effectiveness of our content, remember you when you log in, and promote Consumer Reports products and services that are relevant to your interests. This Cookie Policy should be read with the Consumer Reports Privacy Policy and the Consumer Reports User Agreement . We may change this Cookie Policy at any time. When we do so, we will update the date at the top of this policy. What Are Cookies? We use “cookies” to store, and sometimes to track, information about how you use our websites. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser when you visit a website. It is stored, accessed and maintained on your computer’s hard drive or on a tablet or mobile device. A cookie contains a unique number that allows our websites or another website to recognize your device each time you visit and remember information about you. We use both temporary and persistent cookies. A temporary cookie (also referred to as a session cookie) tracks visitor activity during a session or visit and expires when you close your browser. We use them to provide continuity as you visit website pages. Persistent cookies are not deleted from your device after you close your browser. They store a unique credential that allows us to automatically log you back in if you are registered on CR.org so you do not have to re-enter your user name and password each time you visit. We or our service providers may also use Flash cookies (also referred to as Local Shared Objects or LSOs) We may also use HTML5 local storage, a browser feature which, like cookies, allows for storing certain information on your computer in order to help provide a better user experience. Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls. We and our service providers also use web beacons (sometimes referred to as clear GIFs or pixels), often in conjunction with cookies. Web beacons are small pieces of code that are embedded on web pages and applications in order to provide us with information about how our sites and applications are used. We also use web beacons in HTML emails that we send to our visitors to determine whether the recipient has opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails. Information collected The information we collect through cookies and other technologies may include the following: Standard server log information (e.g., your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser and device type, operating system, name of your Internet service provider, date and time of your visit), and the address of the website from which you visit the Consumer Reports website.Geo-location information, which is information about your real-world location at a given time based on latitude and longitude. This information may be collected directly from your computer depending on how your settings are configured, or may be provided in other ways, for example, in the metadata of photographs you send to us that describe the time and place the photo was taken. For more information, see our complete Privacy Policy . Information about your interactions with our content, Consumer Reports ads and communications.Device information, including the device type you use to access our digital services, your device’s operating system, and unique device identifier information, which is a unique alphanumeric character string associated with an individual user’s smartphone or similar handheld device. On their own, cookies, web beacons and other technologies do not contain or reveal information such as your name or email address. However, if you choose to furnish Consumer Reports with personally identifiable information, this information can be associated with the data collected using the cookies or other technologies. Types of Cookies We use the following types of cookies: Strictly Necessary/Essential Cookies : These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. Functional and User Enhancement Cookies : These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance the user experience.Performance and Analytics Cookies : We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. Marketing Cookies : We use these cookies to promote Consumer Reports’ own products and services that are relevant to your interests. We also use cookies to serve ads for CR Products on other websites you visit. We may also send you emails or other communications regarding CR Products. For example, if you view car-related content on CR.org, you may see an ad or receive an email or other communication about our Car Buying & Pricing Service or other CR Product. Consumer Reports does not accept third-party advertising. You can opt out of interest-based advertising, as well as advertising on your mobile device, by visiting our Ad Choices manager or our cookie management tool described below. Social Network Sharing Cookies : These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. More Information about Third-Party Cookies Certain third parties that provide us with services (e.g., Google and Adobe) employ their own cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your online activities when you visit CR.org and other websites. We may use Google Analytics Advertising Features and its associated tracking technologies to help display the CR ads you see on other websites (if you are located in the U.S. or Canada), and to help us manage and optimize our online advertising efforts. To opt out of Google Analytics Advertising Features, visit Google’s Ad Settings page. Website users can also access the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser Add-on to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites. We may also use Adobe Analytics to collect information about your online activities. To opt out of Adobe Analytics cookies on our websites, click here . How to Control Cookies Browser Settings The Help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely. For the cookies used by Adobe Flash, please be aware that they are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for other cookies, so you may need to follow separate instructions from Adobe to manage and delete Flash cookies. If you use more than one browser, you will have to adjust your cookie settings on each browser. If you adjust your settings to reject cookies, you won’t be able to take advantage of various features on our websites. If you are a CR member and you reject certain cookies on the CR.org website, you may not be able to use certain features of that site or enjoy full membership benefits. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on the links below. You can also manage cookies through the browser Settings function on your mobile device. Cookie Management Tool To help you manage cookies, you can use our cookie settings tool available here . If you use more than one browser, you will have to manage your cookies in each browser. For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy and User Agreement . © 2023 Consumer Reports, Inc. Member Support About Product Reviews Magazine & Books More Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool.If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool. If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest).These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelWelcome to the Consumer Reports "Your Privacy Choices" portal. Depending on where you reside, you can use this portal to request to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information (including retargeted ads) or limit the use of or withdraw your consent to processing of your sensitive personal information. *Please select an option: Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool. If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label30-Second Privacy Fixes: Simple Ways to Protect Your Data How to quickly limit location tracking, smart speaker recordings, and other data collection By Thomas Germain shares of the article shares of the article Illustration: Chris Griggs/Consumer Reports, Getty Images Keeping up with digital privacy and security is a bit like getting regular oil changes for your car—it’s maintenance to safeguard your online life. But fixing every privacy and security challenge at the same time would be daunting. Another approach is to take the following bite-sized steps, which you can knock out in less than a minute. It’s an easy way to feel productive on a lazy afternoon. These tips will limit the way products and services snoop on us, feeding our personal data to big companies for targeted advertising and other uses. Privacy isn’t just about avoiding targeted ads that you find annoying. The information tech companies gather can potentially affect important aspects in our lives in ways we can’t anticipate. The techniques on this list aren’t a cure-all, but they can make a big difference. These tips will help with innocuous-seeming products including your favorite smartphone games, the mobile app that gives you a weather forecast, and the apps that help you share photos with friends. All have the ability to reveal details about your life to companies looking to collect, share, and make money on consumer data. Once you build some momentum with these quick tips, you can go even further with a personalized action plan . Meanwhile, here are some simple ways for anyone to get started. Limit GPS Tracking The apps on your smartphone don’t need to know where you are at all times, especially when you’re not looking for a traffic report, weather forecast, or dining spot. Here’s how to limit access to your phone’s GPS data. (Apps may still use WiFi signals and other clues to infer your location, but the data is typically less precise.) While you’re at it, you can use these settings to control access to your contacts and photo library, too. Once you follow these steps, we have an even more thorough guide to protecting location data with more important details. On an iPhone: Go to Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Tap on each app individually to control which ones get access “always,” “never,” or “while [you’re] using” the app. On an Android phone: Go to Settings > Location > App location permissions. You can toggle location off altogether, or choose when, if ever, individual apps can access location. (The instructions may vary depending on which kind of Android device you have, but the steps are usually similar.) Stop Your Apps From Tracking You Apps can collect a lot more sensitive information than you might realize, and many of them share and exchange that data with other companies, such as Facebook and Google, for targeted advertising and other business purposes. This extends from simple games to very personal apps such as period trackers . However, you can use your phone’s privacy settings to help put a stop to it. Let’s start with Apple users. Starting with iPhone operating system version iOS 14.5, you have the option to tell apps not to track you . As you use iPhone apps, some will prompt you for permission to do tracking. Say no, and Apple throws up a technical barrier that prevents the app from collecting a special ID number used for targeted advertising. Apple policy says that if the apps try to then track you in other ways, they could get banned from the app store. You can wait to see those prompts—or you can be proactive and tell your phone to say no automatically. Android users have a similar consumer protection, but it’s not as powerful. You can tell your Android phone not to share its special advertising ID number. However, apps are allowed to keep tracking you using other methods. On an iPhone: Go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking. Switch off the toggle for “Allow Apps to Request to Track.” On an Android phone: Go to Settings > Privacy > Advanced > Ads > Delete advertising ID. (These instructions are for a Google Pixel. The steps may vary depending on which kind of Android phone you have, but they should be similar. On some devices, you may have an “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting instead.) Delete Alexa Recordings Amazon, Apple, and Google have at times had humans review bits of dialogue recorded by their smart speakers to improve their voice computing technology. Some people feel like that’s a privacy intrusion. To delete select recordings and place limits on the use of such data, you can dip into the privacy settings on your smart speaker’s mobile app .(For help with that, click on the link above.) Amazon made things slightly easier with two newer voice commands: “Alexa, delete what I just said” and “Alexa, delete everything I said today.” Before you can use the feature, you have to activate it. On the Alexa app: Tap the three-bar menu icon and choose Settings > Alexa Privacy > Manage Your Alexa Data. Flip the toggle switch to enable deletion by voice. Strip Location Data From Your Photos When you take a snapshot with your digital camera , including the one on your smartphone , the device captures data about where, when, and how the image was recorded. And when you share that picture with someone else, that information, called Exif data, typically goes along for the ride. That’s how mobile apps and storage services, such as Google Photos and iCloud Photos , know how to sort your Springsteen summer tour pictures by place and date. To strip out the location data from photos stored on your computer, do the following. In Windows: Right-click on the image file, then Properties > Remove Properties and Personal Information. In macOS: Open the photo in Preview, then Tools > Show Inspector > Remove Location Info. Try a More Private Browser It’s an open secret that Google Chrome, one of the most widely used web browsers, collects lots of data about its users. That includes location information, search history, and details about your browsing, data that’s linked to your identity and harnessed for third-party advertising. For an easy privacy fix, all you have to do is switch to a different browser. Popular alternatives include Firefox and DuckDuckGo’s Privacy Browser mobile app. Both promise to collect far less personal information. There’s a caveat, though. Chrome has a reputation for being the best option to protect your security (i.e., defending against hackers) even if it infringes on your privacy along the way. If you might be a high-value target, such as a person who handles very sensitive information or, say, the CEO of a big company, security may be a bigger concern than privacy. You’ll need to weigh the trade-off for yourself. And all browsers, including Chrome, have privacy settings you can use to limit tracking. Enable Multifactor Authentication Security experts say everyone should use multifactor authentication, also known as two-factor authentication , when it’s offered. The goal is to block hackers from gaining access, even if they’ve acquired your password. Once you turn on a company’s MFA setting, you’ll need to provide info in addition to the password anytime you try to access the account from an unverified location or device. Typically, the company will send you a verification code by text, or—and this is more secure—you can use an app such as Authy or a physical security key. Without the second identifier, hackers armed with a stolen password get blocked. Setting up MFA is usually easy. As an example, for your Google account, go to your Gmail inbox or any other Google page. Then click the icon in the top right and hit “Manage Your Account” (you may need to sign in first) > Security > 2-Step Verification > Get Started. Change Your Router Password Your WiFi router is like the front door to your digital life, and the consequences could be dire if it’s compromised. There are a number of steps you can take to boost your router security , and one of the most important is quick: Change the default password for your router’s settings. This is different from the WiFi password. These administrative passwords tend to be the same across models in each brand. If you have an extra 30 seconds, change the SSID (the name of your WiFi network), too—the default often reveals the make and model of your router, making it easier for hackers to spot vulnerabilities. If you have a newer router, it could have an associated app, which makes it easy to change all your router settings. Otherwise, you can access the controls from a web browser. Steps for getting there are easy, but they vary across brands. On most Linksys and TP-Link routers, for example, type 192.168.1.1 into a web browser while you’re on the network, and then log in with the default credentials. You can often find them on a sticker on the back of the router or in the instruction manual. Clear Your 'Off-Facebook' Activity Facebook tracks you even when you aren’t on Facebook. Through partnerships with hundreds of thousands of apps and websites, the company gets details about what you do all across the web. This information can reveal a lot about you, and it’s especially valuable for advertising purposes. Facebook recently unveiled a new tool that lets you see some of that data and “clear” it from your account. Counterintuitively, Facebook doesn’t actually delete any data if you do this—but the company promises it won’t use any cleared data for targeted ads.You can use a second setting to keep this information disconnected from your account by default so that the social media giant won’t use any new off-Facebook data to target you with ads. In a web browser on your computer: Click the icon with your profile picture in the top right of the Facebook home page to open the menu > Settings & Privacy > Settings > Your Facebook information > Off-Facebook activity. (The steps are similar in the app.) From there, hit the “Clear previous activity” button. After you follow the prompts, go back to the Off Facebook Activity page and hit “Disconnect future activity.” For more help protecting your personal data, learn how to use the privacy settings for Facebook , Google , Instagram , and LinkedIn , as well as for your smart speakers Try a Fake Email Address As you cruise around the internet, you’re constantly asked to give up your email address. There are plenty of reasons you might not want to if you can avoid it. For one, advertising companies use details such as your email address as clues to tie everything you do across the web together in order to build comprehensive profiles of who you are and what you’re like. They can also use your email address to send you spam. Want to throw a wrench in their gears? Try a service that will generate fake email addresses you can give out instead. There are a number of options, including Sign in with Apple , a tool for Macs and iPhones, and Firefox Relay , which runs alongside the Firefox browser. There are also a variety of services that provide temporary inboxes that self-destruct, such as 10 Minute Mail . You can use them to create a throwaway account that you need to access only one time. Check Your Data-Breach Status The bad news: The majority of consumers have been the victim of a data breach at a big company such as Equifax. The good news: There’s a great database you can check to see whether you’ve been included in a breach. At Have I Been Pwned , you can check your email addresses and usernames against lists from hundreds of known breaches at companies including Adobe, LinkedIn, and Snapchat. (You’ll need to register to check the full database.) You can also sign up to get notifications if you’re affected by future breaches. If your name pops up, change the password for the compromised account and any other site where you made the mistake of using the same password. While you’re at it, check out CR’s tips for stronger passwords . (Bonus tip: Pros pronounce “pwned” as “poned,” not “pawned.”) Plan for the Next Steps The tips above will all make a meaningful dent in your digital footprint, but there’s a lot you can do for more comprehensive protection. A broader privacy audit will take a bit longer than 30 seconds, but getting started is quick and easy with two programs we’ve put together at Consumer Reports. First, take a few seconds to sign up for the 7-Day Privacy Challenge . The Challenge is a week-long email series that will give you one simple activity each day. Complete them all, and your digital life will be more private and secure, and you’ll be left with a better understanding of how your information is collected and used. For a personalized action plan, check out the Consumer Reports Security Planner . It gives you customized tips with easy-to-follow instructions based on the gadgets you own and your specific concerns. Some steps take longer than others, but getting started is fast, and you can start with the high-priority items and come back for the rest when you have time. (Security Planner is free to use, and we won’t use the details you share for anything other than providing you with a plan.) What Is Exif Data? Attached to the photos you take on your phone are bits of information, such as when and where they were taken. On the “ Consumer 101 ” TV show, host Jack Rico explains what you need to know about protecting your privacy. Play Video Play Mute Current Time Duration Time Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Stream Type Remaining Time Playback Rate Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions subtitles off , selected English Subtitles captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected English , selected English , selected Captions en (Main) , selected Audio Track Fullscreen Share This is a modal window. Color Transparency Color Transparency Color Transparency Font Size Text Edge Style Font Family FacebookGoogle+TwitterPinterest Start From: Direct Link: Embed Code: Consumer Reports' videos are for your personal, non-commercial use only. To license CR videos, click here. Restart What Is Exif Data? Digital Housekeeping How Targeted Ads Work What's New from Consumer Reports Get trusted advice delivered weekly straight to your inbox.Sharing is Nice Yes, send me a copy of this email. We respect your privacy . All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Trending in Privacy Best Video Doorbell Cameras Without a Subscription Best Video Doorbell Cameras of 2023 Best Home Security Cameras Without a Subscription Best Wireless Home Security Cameras of 2023 SHOW COMMENTS (0) commenting powered by Facebook Be the first to comment Member Support About Product Reviews Magazine & Books More Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool. If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelHow to Use Google Privacy Settings These controls and techniques will help you limit the personal data Google collects for advertising and other purposes By Thomas Germain shares of the article shares of the article Graphic: Chris Griggs/Consumer Reports Google is a company that runs on consumer data. It uses details about your activity to target ads, build new services, develop algorithms, and perform other business functions. Completely avoiding the company’s data collection machinery is extremely difficult, but it’s not hard to place some limits on how Google gathers and uses your data. The first step is to take advantage of Google’s own privacy settings, and you can fine-tune them with a bit more precision thanks to some recent updates. There are also several outside tools you can use to take more control. Most of the instructions below are for a computer browser, but the steps are similar if you’re working on your phone. And one of these settings is specific to Android, Google’s smartphone platform. Turn Off the Master Privacy Control If you’ve been feeling guilty about neglecting your diary, you can rest easy: If a setting called Web & App Activity is turned on, Google keeps one for you. You can see this data for yourself , with granular details about your activity on Google products such as Search, Chrome, Android, and Google Assistant. This includes your whereabouts, websites you’ve gone to, the apps you’ve used on your phone, and your search history, along with exact time stamps for all this behavior. The Web & App Activity control is the company’s most powerful privacy setting, and it does a lot more than you might think. Leave it on, and the company considers that consent to harness everything from your YouTube history to credit card purchases in the physical world for advertising and other data-driven business efforts. But if you switch it off, Google warns that its services may be less “personalized,” and certain features will be disabled in Maps and Google Assistant. “That makes for a terrible user experience,” says Justin Brookman, director of privacy and technology policy for Consumer Reports. “It’s bad practice for them to lump all these settings together and disincentivize protecting your privacy.” But Brookman thinks the privacy boost is still worth the trade-off, and you can always switch the setting back on if you need to. Google has introduced a few new controls for Web & App activity. You can tell it to exclude browsing data and other information from Google Chrome, and exclude any voice data the company collects if you use Google Assistant. To turn it off: From any Google website ,click the icon in the top right (you’ll need to sign in first) > Manage your Google Account > Privacy & personalization > If Web & App Activity is on, click on it > On the next screen, click "Turn off." If you’d rather leave the global Web & App activity setting on, you can also adjust the settings for Chrome and voice data. Turn Off Location History—for Real This Time Google has a setting called Location History. The description once read: “With Location History off, the places you go are no longer stored. When you turn off Location History for your Google Account, it’s off for all devices associated with that Google Account.” But in August 2018, Google users learned that the company continued to collect location data regardless of how they adjusted that setting. Internal email uncovered in a subsequent court case revealed that even Google’s own employees worried this was inappropriate. The company then changed the language describing Location History, and told users they really could stop location tracking—but they had to turn off Web & App Activity as well. Yes, that’s the same master privacy control described above. Here are the directions to switch off both settings. To turn it off: Go to “Privacy & personalization” > If Location History is on, click on it > On the next screen, click the toggle, and hit Pause. Then do the same for Web & App Activity (described above). Take the Consumer Reports 7-Day Privacy Challenge Set It and Forget It—or Delete Data Now As described above, toggling the Web & App Activity setting makes for a significant privacy boost, but it will disable some functions on certain Google products. If you want to leave the setting on, Google has a newer feature that will automatically delete some of the data the company collects after three or 18 months, depending on which option you pick. You can also opt to just erase the data manually. Google has already extracted most if not all of the advertising value from the data by that point, so this isn’t an ironclad way to protect your privacy from the tech giant. But it’s better not to have personal information—like everything you’ve ever Googled—sitting on a corporate server.After an update, this auto-delete feature is turned on by default when you create a new Google account. Existing users need to turn it on manually. To delete your Web & App Activity automatically: Go to “Privacy & personalization” > Web & App Activity > Choose an auto-delete option To delete your Location History automatically: Go to “Privacy & personalization” > Location History > Choose an auto-delete option To delete your Web & App Activity manually: Go to “Web & App Activity” > Manage all Web & App Activity > Click the icon with three dots in the search bar > Delete activity by > Choose a time period to delete, or select All time. To delete your Location History manually: Go to “Location History” > Manage history > Click the trash icon to delete all your location history, or use the tool in the top left to pick a specific time frame to delete. Limit Data Sharing With Sites and Services There are a number of reasons you might want to give third-party apps and services access to your data from your Google account. You may want to share your contacts with Twitter or LinkedIn, or give an app like Evernote access to files in Google Drive. You can also use Google Sign-in to log in to some apps and services instead of creating new accounts. These arrangements are convenient, but they’re also a privacy trade-off. For example, the company knows every time you use Google Sign-in to open another service, and it harnesses that data for advertising. It’s a good idea to periodically review which apps are connected to your Google account and remove permissions for services you no longer use. To turn off data sharing: Go to “Manage your Google Account” > Security > Third-party apps with account access > Click on the row with the app’s name and select Remove Access. Then do the same with apps under Signing in with Google. Make Ads a Little Less Targeted Google uses the information it collects about you for targeted advertising. If you find irrelevant ads particularly annoying, you may prefer it that way. But for people who want to keep their internet habits to themselves, Google allows them to decouple their personal preferences from the ads they see online. This setting doesn’t disable the Google advertising data machine entirely, but it’s worth adjusting for a small privacy boost. To turn it off: Go to “Manage your data & personalization” > Go to ad settings > If Ad personalization is on, click the toggle > Turn off. Turn Off Personalized Search Results Google personalizes its search tool to try to make it more useful to you. That’s convenient, but other people using your computer may get a window into your internet life if you let them tool around on Google.com. For example, Google auto-predicts your typing based on things you’ve searched for, shows details about travel when you type in “my flights” or “directions home,” and makes recommendations for things like what to read and where to eat. You can turn all of that off if you don’t want this information to show up. (These features will also be disabled if you turn off the Web & App activity setting.) To turn it off: Go to “Manage your data & personalization” > Personal results in search > Switch the toggle off. Safeguard Your Account From Hackers One of the simplest ways to create roadblocks for hackers is to turn on two-factor authentication , also called multifactor authentication. Once you do that, you use a verification code sent by text or provided by an app (which may be more secure) to confirm your identity anytime you try to log in to your account from an unverified location, device, or browser. You also need the account password. Once you turn on two-factor authentication, you can also add other safeguards, such as single-use codes you can print out and use if you don’t have access to your phone, and a physical security key that you can plug into your laptop’s USB port to confirm your identity. (You’ll need to buy one of the U2F, or universal second factor, devices separately.) To turn it on: Go to “Manage your Google Account” > Security > 2-Step Verification > Get Started. Get Your Personal Information Off Google Search If you’ve Googled yourself (and who hasn’t?) you may have come across some disturbing results: your personal contact information or other sensitive details. This can happen for any number of reasons, but often it’s the result of people search engines that make money by selling data such as your phone number, home address, and even your relatives’ addresses to anyone with a credit card. That’s a privacy problem that can easily cross the line into threats to your safety . A new tool lets you ask Google to remove this kind of data from its search results. That will make the details harder to find, though you’ll need to contact the sites hosting the information if you want it gone from the internet entirely.(That process can be slow, annoying, and even expensive .) An online form lets you ask Google to remove search results that include several kinds of personal data, including copies of IDs, bank account or credit card numbers, passwords, medical documents, your contact information, and more. You’ll need to include the URL of the page where you found the information. Google says adding screenshots to your request is helpful, too. Google has provided ways for people to make this kind of request for a long time, but a recent policy change lowers the bar for removal. The company says there are still a few reasons why it might deny a request. Primarily, Google may leave the information up if it’s on a government website or it’s considered "broadly useful," which usually means the company judges that it’s newsworthy. Give Chrome a Privacy Tuneup It’s no secret: Google Chrome collects data about you. When you log in to Chrome and sync with your Google Account, your browsing data is stored on Google’s servers and linked with your account. That includes the websites you go to, your bookmarks, and your saved passwords. You can be logged in to Chrome without syncing your data across devices. But in the latest versions of Chrome , Google logs you in to the browser by default when you sign in to Gmail or another Google service on a computer. But you can opt out of automatic sign-ins. Or, as described below, you can try a different browser altogether, and there are good reasons to consider it. To turn off Chrome’s automatic sign-in: On a computer, click the icon with three dots in the top right corner > Settings > Sync and Google Services > Switch off the “Allow Chrome sign-in” toggle. (This will let you sign in to an app such as Gmail without signing into the browser.) If you’ve already logged in to Chrome, logging out is simple. To sign out of Chrome: In Chrome, click the icon with your profile picture or the first letter of your username in the top right corner > Sign out. (The instructions are slightly different if you’ve already turned on Chrome’s data syncing. In the same menu, click “Syncing to” and then hit “Turn off” on the next page to be signed out automatically.) Or you can stay logged in while disabling some or all of Chrome’s data-syncing functions. To turn off Chrome’s sync settings: After signing in to Chrome, click the icon with three dots in the top right corner > Settings > Sync and Google Services > Manage what you sync > Switch off the “Sync everything” toggle > Switch off the toggles for some or all of the categories. Or Just Say Goodbye to Chrome Google Chrome collects a lot of data about its users. That includes location information, search history, and details about your browsing. All of that information is linked to your identity and harnessed for third-party advertising. The search giant says that Chrome is going to change, and some new improvements will make for a more private experience. The biggest update would be blocking third-party cookies, little bits of code that let any company follow you around the web. Lots of other browsers already do that, and the reason Google hasn’t made the change yet is because it’s trying to figure out a new way to track Chrome users first. But web browsers are pretty similar these days. You probably won’t notice major differences if you switch; you might even prefer a different browser. More private alternatives include Safari, Firefox, and DuckDuckGo’s Privacy Browser mobile app. All three promise to collect far less personal information, and they already block third-party cookies. There’s a caveat, though. Chrome has a reputation for being the best option to protect your security (i.e., defending against hackers) even if it infringes on your privacy along the way. You probably don’t need to worry about that unless you’re a high-value target, like a person who handles highly sensitive information or, say, the CEO of a big company. But security may be a bigger concern for you than privacy; you’ll need to weigh the trade-off for yourself. How Targeted Ads Work Do you often see online ads that relate to your likes and hobbies? On the “Consumer 101” TV show, Consumer Reports expert Thomas Germain explains to host Jack Rico what targeted ads are and how they work. Play Video Play Mute Current Time Duration Time Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Stream Type Remaining Time Playback Rate Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions subtitles off , selected English Subtitles captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected English , selected English , selected Captions en (Main) , selected Audio Track Fullscreen Share This is a modal window. Color Transparency Color Transparency Color Transparency Font Size Text Edge Style Font Family FacebookGoogle+TwitterPinterest Start From: Direct Link: Embed Code: Consumer Reports' videos are for your personal, non-commercial use only.To license CR videos, click here. Restart How Targeted Ads Work Protecting Your Online Privacy Thomas Germain Thomas Germain was previously a technology reporter at Consumer Reports, covering several product categories and reporting on digital privacy and security issues. He investigated the sharing of sensitive personal data by health-related websites and the prevalence of dark patterns online, among other topics. During his tenure, Germain’s work was cited in multiple actions by the Federal Trade Commission. What's New from Consumer Reports Get trusted advice delivered weekly straight to your inbox. Sharing is Nice Yes, send me a copy of this email. We respect your privacy . All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Trending in Privacy How to Wipe a Computer Clean of Personal Data Tips for Better Passwords What to Do If Your Instagram Account Gets Hacked How to Protect Yourself From Camera and Microphone Hacking SHOW COMMENTS (0) commenting powered by Facebook Be the first to comment Member Support About Product Reviews Magazine & Books More Performance and Analytics Cookies We use these cookies to monitor the performance and use of our digital services, test website features, help us make our marketing efforts more effective, and monitor compliance with our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We may also use this information to inform our consumer product testing, improve our content and help our advocacy efforts. You can learn more about managing performance and analytics cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to opt out of Adobe . Some of these cookies can be managed via this tool. You can turn off these cookies by toggling to ‘inactive’: Functional and User Enhancement Cookies These cookies allow us to remember you, your preferences and settings to help enhance your user experience. They cannot be switched off via this tool. If you do not allow these cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Follow these directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Strictly Necessary/ Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for our digital services to function correctly and cannot be switched off via this tool. They include cookies necessary to enable members to log in to CR.org, access account information, and use certain features and services available to CR members. You can learn more about managing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer . If you set your browser to block these cookies some part of our CR.org website may not be accessible to you. Social Network Sharing Cookies Social Network Sharing Cookies These cookies enable content sharing with social networking and similar sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest). These third-party services might use information about your visit to our digital services to show you ads relevant to your interests when you visit their websites. You can manage social network sharing cookies on popular browsers by clicking on any of these links: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer Directions to Opt Out of Facebook Commenting Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising: Digital We use online technologies (or cookies) to track the pages you visit on the Consumer Reports website and serve you offers of Consumer Reports products and services after you leave our website. We do this to support our mission and do not accept third party advertising. If you prefer not to receive these targeted offers, you can turn off these cookies by sliding the toggle button to "Off" and clicking the “Confirm My Choice” button below. Once you have confirmed your selection, you will no longer receive these targeted offers, but you may still receive other Consumer Reports offers. Please note that you will need to renew this choice each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device. Strictly Necessary Cookies Share My Personal Information for Direct Mail: Print Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelMicrosoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy Privacy Microsoft Edge Windows 10 The new Microsoft Edge helps you browse, search, shop online, and more. Like all modern browsers, Microsoft Edge lets you collect and store specific data on your device, like cookies, and lets you send information to us, like browsing history, to make the experience as rich, fast, and personal as possible. Whenever we collect data, we want to make sure it’s the right choice for you. Some people worry about their web browsing history being collected. That’s why we tell you what data is stored on your device or collected by us. We give you choices to control what data gets collected. For more information about privacy in Microsoft Edge, we recommend reviewing our Privacy Statement . What data is collected or stored, and why Microsoft uses diagnostic data to improve our products and services. We use this data to better understand how our products are performing and where improvements need to be made. Microsoft Edge collects a set of required diagnostic data to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected. Microsoft believes in and practices information collection minimization. We strive to gather only the info we need, and to store it only for as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis. In addition, you can control whether optional diagnostic data associated with your device is shared with Microsoft to solve product issues and help improve Microsoft products and services. As you use features and services in Microsoft Edge, diagnostic data about how you use those features is sent to Microsoft. Microsoft Edge saves your browsing history—information about websites you visit—on your device. Depending on your settings, this browsing history is sent to Microsoft, which helps us find and fix problems and improve our products and services for all users. You can manage the collection of optional diagnostic data in the browser by selecting Settings and more > Settings > Privacy, search, and services and turning on or off Help improve Microsoft products by sending optional diagnostic data about how you use the browser, websites you visit, and crash reports . This includes data from testing new experiences. To finish making changes to this setting, restart Microsoft Edge. Turning this setting on allows this optional diagnostic data to be shared with Microsoft from other applications using Microsoft Edge, such as a video streaming app that hosts the Microsoft Edge web platform to stream the video. The Microsoft Edge web platform will send info about how you use the web platform and sites you visit in the application to Microsoft. This data collection is determined by your optional diagnostic data setting in Privacy, search, and services settings in Microsoft Edge. On Windows 10, these settings are determined by your Windows diagnostic setting. To change your diagnostic data setting, select Start > Settings > Privacy > Diagnostics & feedback . On all other platforms, you can change your settings in Microsoft Edge by selecting Settings and more > Settings > Privacy, search, and services . In some cases, your diagnostic data settings might be managed by your organization. When you’re searching for something, Microsoft Edge can give suggestions about what you’re searching for. To turn on this feature, select Settings and more > Settings > Privacy, search, and services > Address bar and search , and turn on Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters . As you start to type, the info you enter in the address bar is sent to your default search provider to give you immediate search and website suggestions. When you use InPrivate browsing or guest mode, Microsoft Edge collects some info about how you use the browser depending on your Windows diagnostic data setting or Microsoft Edge privacy settings, but automatic suggestions are turned off and info about websites you visit is not collected. Microsoft Edge will delete your browsing history, cookies, and site data, as well as passwords, addresses, and form data when you close all InPrivate windows. You can start a new InPrivate session by selecting Settings and more on a computer or Tabs on a mobile device. Microsoft Edge also has features to help you and your content stay safe online. Windows Defender SmartScreen automatically blocks websites and content downloads that are reported to be malicious. Windows Defender SmartScreen checks the address of the webpage you're visiting against a list of webpage addresses stored on your device that Microsoft believes to be legitimate.Addresses that aren't on your device’s list and the addresses of files you're downloading will be sent to Microsoft and checked against a frequently updated list of webpages and downloads that have been reported to Microsoft as unsafe or suspicious. To speed up tedious tasks like filling out forms and entering passwords, Microsoft Edge can save info to help. If you choose to use those features, Microsoft Edge stores the info on your device. If you’ve turned on sync for form fill like addresses or passwords, this info will be sent to the Microsoft cloud and stored with your Microsoft account to be synced across all your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge. You can manage this data from Settings and more > Settings > Profiles To protect some video and music content from being copied, some streaming websites store Digital Rights Management (DRM) data on your device, including a unique identifier (ID) and media licenses. When you go to one of these websites, it retrieves the DRM info to make sure you have permission to use the content. Microsoft Edge also stores cookies, small files that are put on your device as you browse the web. Many websites use cookies to store info about your preferences and settings, like saving the items in your shopping cart so you don't have to add them each time you visit. Some websites also use cookies to collect info about your online activity to show you interest-based advertising. Microsoft Edge gives you options to clear cookies and block websites from saving cookies in the future. Microsoft Edge will send Do Not Track requests to websites when the Send Do Not Track requests setting is turned on. Websites may still track your activities even when a Do Not Track request is sent, however. How to clear data collected or stored by Microsoft Edge To clear browsing info stored on your device, like saved passwords or cookies: In Microsoft Edge, select Settings and more > Settings > Privacy, search, and services Under Clear browsing data, select Choose what to clear . Under Time range , choose a time range. Select the check box next to each data type you’d like to clear, and then select Clear now . If you’d like, you can select Choose what to clear every time you close the browser and choose which data types should be cleared. To clear browsing history collected by Microsoft: To see your browsing history associated with your account, sign in to your account at account.microsoft.com . In addition, you also have the option of clearing your browsing data that Microsoft has collected using the Microsoft privacy dashboard . To delete your browsing history and other diagnostic data associated with your Windows 10 device, select Start > Settings > Privacy > Diagnostics & feedback , and then select Delete under Delete diagnostic data . To clear individual passwords stored by Microsoft Edge on your device: In Microsoft Edge, select Settings and more > Settings > Profiles , and then select Passwords . Under Saved passwords , select More actions next to a website name, and then select Delete to clear the password saved for that site. How to manage your privacy settings in Microsoft Edge To change your level of tracking prevention, clear your browsing data, help improve Microsoft Edge, and more, select Settings and more > Settings > Privacy, search, and services To choose if websites can ask for permission to use your location, camera, microphone, and more, select Settings and more > Settings > Site permissions . To choose what types of data are synced across your devices, or to turn off syncing entirely, select Settings and more > Settings > Profiles > Sync To learn more about privacy in Microsoft Edge, read the Microsoft Edge privacy whitepaper . Need more help? Want more options? Explore subscription benefits, browse training courses, learn how to secure your device, and more. Communities help you ask and answer questions, give feedback, and hear from experts with rich knowledge. Find solutions to common problems or get help from a support agent. Was this information helpful? Thank you! Any more feedback? (The more you tell us the more we can help.) Can you help us improve? (The more you tell us the more we can help.) Resolved my issue Clear instructions Easy to follow No jargon Pictures helped Other Didn't match my screen Incorrect instructions Too technical Not enough information Not enough pictures Other Any additional feedback? (Optional) Thank you for your feedback! Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices © Microsoft 2023