Privacy and Security Policies and Notices Privacy Policy Privacy and Security Principles Cyber Security Statement Third Party Data Processors Data Privacy Addendum for Snap One Dealers in the UK/EU Law Enforcement Guidelines OvrC Notice for End-Users California Privacy Notice GDPR Notice Cookie Policy © 2023 Snap One, LLC. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of this website implies acceptance of Snap One's Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Phone Email © 2023 Snap One, LLC. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of this website implies acceptance of the Snap One Policy and Privacy Policy. We use cookies on our site to enhance user experience and assist in our marketing efforts. To customize your settings, click "Cookie Settings". To find out more about our use of cookies read our privacy policy. Privacy and Cookie Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReport Security Vulnerabilities Vulnerability Disclosure Report Vulnerabilities We take the quality of our products and potential vulnerabilities seriously. Please report bugs and vulnerabilities responsibly by using the form below. We will work to assess your report as quickly as possible. See our Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Vulnerability Type: * Affected product (brand and model) or target host: * Describe the vulnerability: * What tools did you use? * Who would be able to use the vulnerability and what would they gain? * Please provide your contact information: Would you like public recognition for your discovery? Yes No If yes: How would you like to be credited? Do you wish to disclose your report publicly? Yes No Please upload relevant files and documentation (proof-of-concepts scripts, logs, or screenshots); No File Chosen Previous Next Enter your save and resume password Cancel Confirm Vulnerability Disclosure VULNERABILITY TYPE* AFFECTED PRODUCT OR TARGET HOST* DESCRIBE THE VULNERABILITY* WHAT TOOLS DID YOU USE?* WHO WOULD BE ABLE TO USE THE VULNERABILITY AND WHAT WOULD THEY GAIN?* PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION WOULD YOU LIKE PUBLIC RECOGNITION FOR YOUR DISCOVERY?* IF YES: HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE CREDITED? DO YOU WISH TO DISCLOSE YOUR REPORT PUBLICLY?* PLEASE UPLOAD RELEVANT FILES AND DOCUMENTATION (PROOF-OF-CONCEPT SCRIPTS, LOGS, OR SCREENSHOTS): Thank You, White Hats Bobby Sciacchitano Maksym Bendeberia Tony GeeFaisal Tameesh (Aon’s Cyber Solutions)Context Information Security (@CTXIS)Howard McGreehan (Aon’s Cyber Solutions)Luis Miguel SilvaAniket Kudale © 2023 Snap One, LLC. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of this website implies acceptance of Snap One's Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Phone Email © 2023 Snap One, LLC. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of this website implies acceptance of the Snap One Policy and Privacy Policy. We use cookies on our site to enhance user experience and assist in our marketing efforts. To customize your settings, click "Cookie Settings". To find out more about our use of cookies read our privacy policy. Privacy and Cookie Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy We respect your privacy; what happens in your home stays in your home. Control We put you in control of your privacy with easy-to-use tools and clear choices. Transparency We are transparent about data collection and use so you can make informed decisions. Security We protect the data you entrust to us with strong, industry-leading security. Strong legal protections and rights We respect your local privacy laws and fight for legal protection of your privacy as a fundamental human right. Benefits to you When we do collect data, we use it to benefit you and improve your experiences. PRIVATE We respect The collection of certain data is essential to the function of a smart home—its collection and use is what makes a home “smart.” For example, the collection of a device’s IP address or other identification number is required to allow those smart devices to communicate with each other in ways that add convenience to your life. The secure storage and appropriate use of that collected data are of the utmost importance to Control4. We're committed to strict and proactive standards for data privacy, because we believe trust must be earned. We respect your right to privacy and believe your data should be handled with integrity and confidence. This is why Control4 continuously evaluates and adjusts our security and privacy practices to ensure your data is protected and used appropriately. See our full privacy policy here . TRANSPARENT Your informationand your rights Data collected is used to provide core functions of a Control4 system, troubleshoot with your system or account, send notifications and relevant technical communications, and to improve the functionality of our products. The information we collect is spelled out in our privacy policy . Control4 does not sell or rent your personal information to third-party companies. Some of your personal information may be shared with partners who assist us in selling, delivering, and installing products and services, for example: Processing credit card paymentsShipping and delivering productsFulfilling ordersManaging or hosting customer dataAssessing your satisfaction and interest in our products and services These partners are obligated to adhere to the same principles and agreements defined in our privacy policy, and Control4 requires these partners to provide assurance of adequate data protection. In order to deliver products and services around the world, we use a network of highly qualified, independent professionals to sell, install, and service your systems. The smart home professionals who work with Control4 are held to high standards and have strict requirements regarding certifications and experience in order to become an authorized Control4 Dealer. At your request, Control4 can help you locate authorized dealers near you and will share the information you provide with the candidates—then you choose which professional you want to work with. At any time Control4 customers have the right to: Be provided with a copy of your personal information held by us.Request the correction or deletion of your personal information held by us.Request that your personal information be transferred to a third party.Withdraw consent for the collection of personal data. Our advisement, as well as information on how to make the above requests, can be found in our privacy policy . SECURE We protect your data Control4 engineers and security personnel are proactive in safeguarding customer data. We build products following industry standards and secure methods. We use a variety of methods to continuously improve the security of our customers, dealers, and organization. We are armed with an array of security tools that protect and monitor for threats 24/7.We stay in close alignment with law enforcement and monitor smart home industry threat vectors.We regularly update the security of customer, dealer, and organization systems through patches, configuration changes, and notifications to dealers.We continually collaborate internally on a daily basis to keep products, apps, websites, and services safe for all customers and dealers. SECURITY RESEARCHERS AND PARTNERS Tell us your concernswe're listening Whether you are a security researcher, dealer, or customer, if you think you have found a security issue or vulnerability, we would appreciate your help and ask that you disclose this information responsibly. We are committed to using any information you provide to improve our solutions. Please exercise care if you want to modify any systems or data, so that you don’t degrade the performance or security of any of your systems or data. Report security issues or vulnerabilities Use the form below to report issues or vulnerabilities. We will work to assess your report as quickly as possible. Where is the security vulnerability?Website URL Describe the security vulnerability First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Street This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Which Mobile Application Describe the security vulnerability First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Street This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Which Device Describe the security vulnerability First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Street This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Control4 Office Location Describe the security vulnerability First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Street This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Other Describe the security vulnerability First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Street This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google This form uses Invisible reCAPTCHA by Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Control4 Home Page Control4 BlogControl4 FacebookControl4 TwitterControl4 InstagramControl4 PinterestControl4 YouTubeControl4 LinkedIn Products and Solutions Homeowners Business Partners Company © 2023 Snap One, LLC We use cookies on our site to enhance user experience and assist in our marketing efforts. To customize your settings, click "Cookie Settings". To find out more about our use of cookies read our privacy policy. Privacy and Cookie Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:Environmental, Social, and Governance Policy Snap One continues to implement Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) policies focused on protecting the environment, promoting social equity, and exemplifying good governance. We believe that such policies align with our mission to make lives more enjoyable, connected, and secure, and that continuously improving our ESG practices helps us attract new employees, customers, and investors. Environmental Snap One recognizes and embraces our role in protecting the environment in the communities where we, our Partners, and customers, live and work. By way of reaffirming our corporate ownership of environmental stewardship, we prioritize responsible waste management and energy conservation, including the following initiatives: Reduce, Re-use, Recycle Initiative started in 2020 to reduce waste at distribution centers: The majority of our inbound ocean freight master pack boxes are re-used for outbound Boxes that cannot be re-used are consolidated and recycled. Packing Material Re-Use (Hebron, KY): We began a project to re-use cardboard boxes as packing material by using a cardboard perforator to convert cardboard to paper mesh netting that replaces bubble wrap and airbags; also reducing the amount of cardboard Snap One pays other companies to OvrC/4Sight platforms : Our use of these platforms conserves energy by reducing the need for Partner site visits to end customers and enabling end customers to manage their power consumption more easily. Social We are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a highly qualified, diverse, and dedicated workforce that encourages and fosters safety, innovation, employee development, and open communication. We believe that fair and equitable pay is essential for any successful organization. We offer competitive pay to attract, motivate, and retain exceptional talent and a comprehensive benefits package to provide for our employees’ health, welfare, and retirement needs. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We promote a workplace culture of inclusiveness, dignity, and respect for all employees and a safe, appropriate, and productive work environment. Our policies and initiatives include: Equal Employment Opportunity and Commitment to Diversity Policy : We commit to making all employment-related decisions, to recruit and hire individuals and to conduct all personnel actions without regard to race, color, national origin, genetic information, gender identity, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or any other status or condition; and also prohibit unlawful harassment and discrimination at our work facilities, as well as off-site. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Council. We created an employee-sponsored DEI Council to promote our shared vision of equality and belonging that facilitates community outreach, development workshops, and team member inclusion We also created a Women in Tech group that focuses on education and awareness and hosts outside speakers, book clubs, and mentoring programs for employees and our Partners. Community Involvement : Snap One participates, both directly and through its support of an employee-run non-profit organization, for various philanthropic initiatives, including supporting and raising funds for CMS foundation, AAPI LGBTQ youth, fighting homelessness, and providing scholarships for students of color interested in Employee Engagement Snap One recognizes that engaged and enabled employees are better at home, in their communities, and inside our Company. With this in mind, we strive to create a culture and environment in which our employees thrive. Additionally, we support our employees in meeting their career goals through a range of development tools, resources, and opportunities, including providing: a Company-wide employee recognition platform, open forums with executives through periodic Town Hall meetings, performance reviews, and feedback between employees and managers, and employee management surveys to hear employees’ perspectives and measure employee satisfaction and the impact of our human capital management initiatives and programs.Governance Business Ethics Snap One is committed to high standards of ethical, moral, and legal business conduct, including the following policies and initiatives: Partner Code of Conduct : We have high expectations of our vendors and require that they adhere to various standards of conduct concerning legal compliance, anti-corruption and bribery, fair competition, intellectual property, privacy and information security, anti-discrimination, and global trade laws and regulations, including the prohibition of slavery, child labor or human trafficking in any part of the supply Employee Code of Business Conduct and Ethics: Employees’ business dealings are subject to high ethical standards for honesty, integrity, and appropriate care concerning conflicts of interest, fair competition, confidentiality, fair dealings with business partners and customers, political contributions, payments to government personnel, and insider All employees undergo training for insider trading and sign off on all Employee Handbook provisions regarding our ethical standards, including anti-retaliation and misconduct reporting. Whistleblower Hotline. We believe that open and honest communications are the expectation, not the exception. To align with that goal, we employ an independent third-party dedicated Whistleblower Hotline to encourage employees and others to report suspected breaches of our Code of Conduct and any illegal or unethical activity, including fraud, abuse, and other misconduct in the workplace, while cultivating a positive work Guidelines for Retail Partners Privacy and Customer Care WhitepaperGuidelines for Snap One Dealers and Installers Who and what are these guidelines for? These Guidelines have been produced by Snap One (referred to as we , us , and our in these Guidelines) for the use of our authorized dealer/installers around the World (referred to as our Retail Partners , you , or your ). The way that our connected Products and the Services work, means that we (and often you) will be collecting personal information from your Customers and End-Users. Some of this information is collected when they make a purchase or sign up for a subscription, some of it is collected as they use the Products and Services. Collecting this sort of information can pose privacy issues for you, us, and the End-users/Customers. We have produced these Guidelines to help all of our Retail Partners, across the globe to get to grips with the privacy implications and obligations that come from selling our Products and providing Services alongside them. These Guidelines are not a substitute for legal advice, and it is very important that you seek legal support that enables you to meet the responsibilities you have to Customers and End-Users wherever you do business. ‍ These guidelines do set out the minimum standards that we expect of all our Retail Partners but they are not specific to a particular country, state, or legal system and it is imperative that you meet all legal requirements that apply to you. In these Guidelines we use a number of key terms and we have set out what they mean below: Applicable Privacy Laws: All laws and regulations governing the use of Personal Data at international, national, state and local level to which any Retail Partner is subject. Collecting: Obtaining Personal Data from, or about, any living person (including Customers and End-Users), whether directly from them or from their use of Products and Services. Controller: A person, company or other organization which, alone or jointly with others, decides how, when, why, to what extent and on what legal basis to Process Personal Data. Customers: Purchasers of our Products and Services, whether on their own behalf, or on behalf or an organisation, or another person, or people, for their own personal use or for that of other End-Users. Data Transfer: A movement of Personal Data from one organization to another. This includes transmission of Personal Data and making it accessible to view and download. Data Transfers may take place between group companies, across state lines, and across international borders. End-Users: Individual Users of Products and/or Services, whether or not they were also Customers. EU Law: means any law in force in the European Union or any law in force in a member state of the European Union including the Applicable Privacy Laws. Personal Data: Information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number (like a customer number or vehicle registration number), location data, an online identifier (like an IP address or email address).Also including Special Category Personal Data, which is any information revealing something about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics health, sex life, or sexual orientation. Personal Data Breach: A breach of security (online, physical or both) leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal Data, whether Transferred, stored, or otherwise Processed; Privacy Policy/ Privacy Notice: A document (physical or online) that sets out how an organisation uses Personal Data, including, among other things, details of what Personal Data is Collected, how it is used, who can access it, and (where Applicable Privacy Law requires) what the legal basis for Processing the Data is. Privacy Regulator: A public authority which is established by Applicable Privacy Laws, responsible for regulating the Processing of Personal Data in a country, or region. Privacy Shield: The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework. Processing: Anything done with or to Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, including collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Processor: Any person or organisation which Processes Personal data on behalf of a data Controller. Products: Our products, including the connected features that are built into them, enabling End-Users to integrate them into a household or wider network, to interact with other devices and any downloadable software that is provided to End-Users by us or by our Retail Partners, to facilitate their use. Services: Any digital services we or our Retail Partners provide to enable End-Users better to use our Products; any websites and apps (both public and private areas), to which End-Users can be granted access; and any online accounts that End-Users can create to facilitate their ongoing use of the Products. If your business has already received other privacy advice, do you still need to read these guidelines? Yes! We recognize that our Retail Partners come in different shapes and sizes. Some may have extensive privacy programs of their own, with different legal obligations depending upon the jurisdictions in which they operate. However, because you are ambassadors for our Products and Services, it is important to us that you meet certain minimum standards and treat the Personal Data of Customers and End-Users with respect, in addition to your compliance with all Applicable Privacy Laws. The Basic Commitments Although the requirements of Applicable Privacy Laws vary, we expect all of our Retail Partners to be able to make the following commitments: To Process the Personal Data of Customers and End-Users only at their request, in accordance with an agreement that we or you have with them (such as an End-User Licence Agreement or Terms of Purchase), or as required by law.To implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks to Customers and End-Users that are presented by the Processing.To take all reasonable steps to ensure that only authorized personnel with suitable training and privacy obligations and restrictions have access to Customer and End-User Personal Data. Only to hire third parties to assist in the delivery of Products or the performance of the Services in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws.To avoid doing anything that may place you, us or Customers in breach of applicable Privacy Laws and will tell us if our instructions to you run contrary to what the Applicable Data Privacy Laws permit.To assist us to fulfil any requests received by Customers or End-Users to exercise their rights under Applicable Privacy Laws, or to respond to any requests or queries from Privacy Regulators; including cooperating any request from a by a Customer or End-User to remove your access to any project, system or any other mechanism by which Person Data is collected, to delete any Personal Data in your possession that, and to cooperate with us in doing the same; To inform us immediately of any Data Breach or suspected Data Breach that might compromise Customer or End-User Personal Data or put it at risk;To ensure that Data transfers always take place subject to appropriate legal safeguards. What information should Retail Partners provide to Customers and End-Users? When a Customer purchases a Product from you it is essential that you provide them with a copy of any Privacy Policy/Notice that we have given to you to pass on; it will explain our responsibilities as a Data Controller to the Customer.If you are Collecting and Processing any Personal Data from Customers or End-Users, other than to pass directly to us, you will be a Data Controller of that Personal Data and you should also have a Privacy Policy/Notice. The contents of your Privacy Policy/Notice will vary depending upon where you are based and the requirements of Applicable Privacy Law. For example, we expect that any Privacy Policy/Notice would be compliant with Applicable Privacy Laws and should, at a minimum contain the following things: Your identity and contact details, and, if you have one the details of your Data Protection Officer or head of privacy.The purpose for the organization to process an individual’s Personal Data and its legal basis (see below under Where to go for more information).Any recipient or categories of recipients of an individual’s Personal Data (this might be us in some cases).The details regarding any Data Transfer and the safeguards taken for international transfers. The retention period or criteria used to determine the retention period of Personal Data.The existence of each Individual’s legal rights under Applicable Privacy Law.The right to lodge a complaint with you and/or a Privacy Regulator. Rights of Customers and End-Users The rights of Customers and End-Users will vary significantly depending upon which Applicable Privacy Laws you are bound by and you should find out what these are. In the EU all Customers and End-Users, whose Personal Data you Collect and Process, will have the following rights, and many other jurisdictions, have similar rights, so we expect our Retail Partners to meet these high standards even if not currently selling in the EU: The right to be informed that you are Processing their Personal Data;The right of access to certain information about your Processing and in some cases to a copy of the Personal Data in your possession or control;The right to insist that you rectify any inaccurate Personal Data about them in your possession or control;The right to request the erasure of out of date or superfluous Personal Data in your possession or control;The right to restrict Processing in some circumstances; The right to data portability (to move data to an alternative supplier of a service);The right to object to direct marketing (e.g. email, phone, and text marketing); andCertain other rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling. If they apply to you under Applicable Privacy Laws, you must implement processes for dealing with the right to access, the right to object and the right to erasure. Security and Legal Safeguards Security Standards and expectations vary across the world but we expect our Retail Partners to meet high standards when it comes to protecting Personal Data and, as a minimum, you must comply with any standards set down by Applicable Privacy Law. This means that: Access to the personal data is restricted to those on a need-to-know basis.Access to Personal Data is monitored and recorded (e.g. by keeping an access log).Up to date and adequate technical measures are taken to protect Personal Data including, by example only, password protected systems and equipment, firewall use and virus scanning. Robust physical measures are in place to protect Personal Data including, by example only, locked doors, alarms, appropriate security surveillance, enforced ID and access policies. Data requests from Customers and End-Users You may receive queries from Customers and End-Users about how you or we use their Personal Data. How you reply will depend upon the Applicable Privacy Law you are bound by. You should always provide a response within at least 30 days. This is required by EU law, and is good practice elsewhere. If you receive a query from a Customer or End-User that relates to how we (Snap One) use their Personal Data, you must forward the query to us immediately by email legal@snapone.com . Managing Data Breach Situations If you become aware of a Data Breach or suspected Data Breach involving Customer or End-User Personal Data you must inform us immediately so that we can determine whether we need to take steps to safeguard Personal Data and/or take other steps. You can report a Data Breach or suspected Data Breach to us via this email address: dpo@snapone.com . We also recommend that you take immediate independent legal advice and, where necessary, technical advice, to manage the situation. You may need to notify the Customers and End-Users of the situation and may have to make a report to your Privacy Regulator. Where to go for more information Your local counsel or Privacy Regulator will be able to provide you with information about your obligations under Applicable Privacy Law. Who to contact at Snap OneIf you have any questions about these Guidelines then please get in touch with us at dpo@snapone.com .All regulatory documentation can be found here: https://www.control4.com/docs/regulatory All patent documentation can be found here: https://www.control4.com/legal/patents Snap One is excited to have become a member of the Unified Patents organization. Unified Patents is an international membership organization that seeks to improve patent quality and deter unsubstantiated or invalid patent assertions in defined technology sectors. Its actions are focused broadly on industries that have substantial assertions by Standards Essential Patents (SEP) holders and/or Non-Practicing Entities (NPEs). These actions may include IP analytics, prior art research, invalidity contests, patentability analysis, administrative patent review, amicus briefs, economic surveys, and essentiality studies. Surge Protector Equipment and Connected Equipment Replacement Policy This Surge Protection Equipment and Connected Equipment Replacement Policy (“Policy”) provides additional protection to owners of certain Snap One, LLC (the “Company”) surge protection products that reference this Policy on their respective product pages (“Covered Surge Protection Products”). Note that these Covered Surge Protection Products are still subject to the Company’s Standard Limited Hardware Warranty located at https://www.snapone.com/legal (the “Limited Hardware Warranty”) for damage or malfunction of the Covered Surge Protection Products themselves, but we offer additional coverage for damage to products connected to a Covered Surge Protection Product if such Covered Surge Protection Product fails, subject to the terms and conditions outlined in this Policy. Surge Damage Replacement Policy Valid only in the United States and Canada. If your Covered Surge Protection Product sacrifices itself while protecting your connected equipment during its Warranty Period, you may request a replacement product, which may be satisfied, at the Company’s discretion, by providing you with a product that is substantially functionally equivalent to the damaged Covered Surge Protection Product. The Warranty Period for your Covered Surge Protection Product can be found on the specific product page on the Company’s website, https://www.snapav.com/shop/en/snapav/home . In order to make such a request, you must follow the procedures for obtaining warranty service outlined in Section 3 below [NOTIFICATION]. Connected Equipment Replacement Policy Valid only in the North American, EMEA and APAC regions authorized to sell Company goods. It is the policy of Company that it will, in its sole discretion, replace, pay to replace at fair market value, or pay to repair equipment that is damaged by an AC power, cable, telephone, or lightning surge while connected to a properly installed Covered Surge Protection Product during its Warranty Period. COMPANY’S RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM DOLLAR AMOUNT THAT IS LISTED ON THE COVERED SURGE PROTECTION PRODUCT PAGE ON THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE UNDER THE CONNECTED EQUIPMENT GUARANTEE ( https://www.snapav.com/shop/en/snapav/power ), OR, IF NONE, THEN $25,000. Company must determine that the Covered Surge Protection Product shows signs of surge damage or is performing below its design specifications, relative to its surge protection capability, and under all the circumstances failed to protect the connected equipment. THIS POLICY IS SUBJECT TO THE ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS BELOW: ‍ 1. PROOF OF PURCHASE REQUIRED: This Policy extends to the original purchaser of the Covered Surge Protection Product only and is non-transferable. Original purchase receipts must accompany any product return or claim for connected equipment damage. Covered Surge Protection Products purchased outside of Company’s internet website do not carry valid Connected Equipment Protection Policy protection unless purchased from an Authorized Company Dealer. 2. PROPER INSTALLATION: Company AC surge protectors must be directly plugged into a properly grounded 3-wire AC outlet. Extension cords, non-grounded two prong adapters, or other non-Covered Surge Protection Products must not be used. Building wiring and other connections to protected equipment must conform to applicable codes for each covered region. No other ground wires or ground connections may be used. All wires (including, e.g., AC power lines, telephone lines, signal/data lines, coaxial cable, etc.) leading into the protected equipment must first pass through a single Covered Surge Protection Product, and may not exceed the number of products or include products not of a type for which the particular Covered Surge Protection Product was designed as specified in the applicable technical specification sheets furnished by Company, available with the Covered Surge Protection Product or on the Company’s websites (“Documentation”). The Covered Surge Protection Product and the equipment to be protected must be indoors in a dry location, and in the same building.Company installation instructions and diagrams must be followed. CAUTION: Audio/Video, computer and/or telephone system installations can be very complex systems, which consist of many interconnected components. Due to the nature of electricity and surges, a single protector may not be able to completely protect complex installations. In those cases, a systemic approach using multiple protectors must be employed. Systemic protection requires professional design. AC power, satellite cables, CATV cables, or telephone/network lines entering the system that do not pass through this Covered Surge Protection Product will render this Policy null and void. For additional information on how to protect your system, please contact Company before connecting your equipment to the Covered Surge Protection Product. 3. NOTIFICATION: You must notify Company within 14 days of any event precipitating a request for product replacement or payment for connected equipment damage. A product incident report (PIR) must be obtained from the Company's Customer Relations Department at www.snapav.com/support , completed and returned to the Company within 14 days of the event that you believe damaged your equipment. At the time that you make a PIR with Company, you must notify Company if you believe you have a claim for damaged connected equipment. Once you obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (“RMA”) number from the Company, please mark the number on the bottom of the Covered Surge Protection Product and pack it in a shipping carton/box with enough packing material to protect it during transit. The RMA number must also be clearly marked on the outside of the carton. Ship the Covered Surge Protection Product to Company at the address provided. Please note that you are responsible for any and all charges related to shipping the Covered Surge Protection Product. If connected equipment damage was indicated on your RMA request, Company will request the make and model of all connected equipment, a connection diagram of your system, as well as other information and documentation based on the extent of the request for product replacement or payment for connected equipment damage. All requests by Company are to be completed and returned within 30 days of the request. Be sure to note its configuration before disconnecting your equipment. 4. DETERMINATION OF FAILURE: Company will evaluate the Covered Surge Protection Product for surge damage. The Covered Surge Protection Product must show signs of surge damage or must be performing below the product’s specifications relative to its surge protection capability. Opening the enclosure, tampering with, or modifying the Covered Surge Protection Product in any way shall be grounds for an automatic denial of your request for payment. Company, after evaluating all information provided, shall, in its sole discretion, determine whether or not the request is eligible for payment. If the Covered Surge Protection Product shows no signs of AC power or signal line surge damage and is working within design specifications, Company will return the Covered Surge Protection Product to you explaining the test results and notifying you of the rejection of your claim. Company reserves the right to inspect the damaged connected equipment, parts, or circuit boards. Please note that you are responsible for any and all charges related to shipping the damaged equipment to Company. Company also reserves the right to inspect the customer’s facility. Damaged equipment deemed uneconomical to repair must remain available for inspection by Company until the claim is finalized. 5. REQUEST PAYMENTS: Once Company has determined that you are entitled to compensation, Company will, at its sole discretion, pay you the present fair market value of the damaged equipment, pay for the cost of the repair, send you replacement equipment, or pay the equivalence of replacement equipment, up to an aggregate maximum dollar amount that is listed on the Covered Surge Protection Product Page on Company’s website under the Connected Equipment Guarantee ( https://www.snapav.com/shop/en/snapav/power ) or, if none, $25,000. 6. OTHER INSURANCE/WARRANTIES: The coverage provided pursuant to this Policy is secondary to any existing manufacturer’s warranty, implied or expressed, or any insurance and/or service contract that may cover the loss. 7. EXCLUSIONS: This Policy does not apply to and does not provide coverage for service charges, installation costs, reinstallation costs; setup costs; diagnostic charges; periodic checkups; routine maintenance; loss of use of the product; costs or expenses arising out of reprogramming or loss of programming and/or data; shipping charges or fees; service calls; loss or damage occasioned by fire, theft, flood, wind, accident, abuse or misuse, and products subject to manufacturer’s recall or similar event.All other limitations of liability and limitations of remedies contained in the Limited Hardware Warranty and not explicitly modified herein continue to apply to these Policy terms. DISPUTE RESOLUTION: Will be in accordance with the Legal Procedures outlined in the Limited Hardware Warranty. 8. GENERAL: If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact the Company Customer Relations Department at support@snapone.com . Standard Purchase Order Terms and Conditions Standard Purchase Order Terms and Conditions The following Standard Purchase Order Terms and Conditions (“ Terms ”) apply only to transactions where there is not a signed, written agreement (a “ Supply Agreement ”), duly executed between Snap One (the “ Company ”) and Supplier. If there is such a Supply Agreement, then the terms of that Supply Agreement shall govern the transaction and relationship of the parties. Absent such a written agreement, these Terms shall govern the transaction and relationship between the Supplier and Company. Snap One explicitly rejects and disregards any other terms and conditions offered by Supplier that add to or differ from Snap One’s Terms. Definitions Confidential Information. “ Confidential Information ” means any information disclosed by a Party to the other Party whether furnished before, on, or after the date of this Purchase Order, either directly or indirectly in writing, orally, or by inspection of tangible objects (including, without limitation, research, product plans, products, services, customers, markets, software, inventions, processes, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, or marketing or financial documents) either marked or identified as confidential or, if a reasonable person would recognize such information as confidential or proprietary considering the nature and circumstances of disclosure. Confidential Information will also include (a) the Purchase Order; (b) technical matters concerning each Party’s trade secrets, know-how, data, formulas, inventions (whether or not patentable or copyrighted), specifications and characteristics of products or services planned or being developed, and research subjects, methods and results; (c) each Party’s pricing, policies, markets, and sales strategies; (d) matters relating to each Party’s project initiatives and designs; or (e) other information of a similar nature not generally disclosed to the public. Documentation. “ Documentation ” means the written instructions, user guides, and user manuals for the Products, whether in electronic or paper form, provided by Supplier upon delivery of Products and any such materials provided by Supplier in connection with any updates, modifications, and improvements to any software provided hereunder.End Customer. “ End Customer ” means the ultimate purchaser and end-user of the Products.Epidemic Failure. “ Epidemic Failure ” means the occurrence of one or more material failures in the Products supplied by Supplier during the Product Warranty period (as set forth herein), due to a single root cause, discovered either in testing or in the field at a failure rate over any rolling 90-day period exceeding 5% of such Products delivered during such period. Firmware. “ Firmware ” means Licensed Software that is embedded in a Product.Hardware. “ Hardware ” means all tangible devices and tangible system components, including any embedded Firmware that Supplier makes available to Company or an End Customer under this Purchase OrderIntellectual Property. “ Intellectual Property ” means the applicable Party’s proprietary intellectual property, including, without limitation, the patents and patent applications owned, licensed, or filed and related materials and the Marks, and proprietary information that is not generally known, including (whether or not patentable) all trade secrets, know-how, data, software code, designs, specifications, material lists, drawings, algorithms, formulas, patterns, compilations, programs, samples, devices, protocols, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, and results of experimentation and testing. Licensed Software. “ Licensed Software ” means the machine-readable, object-code version of Supplier’s software (whether or not embedded in a Product as Firmware), including all related Documentation, and including any modified, updated, or enhanced versions of the software or Documentation, that Supplier makes available to Company or an End Customer under the Purchase Order.Marks. “ Marks ” means the applicable Party’s current and future logos, trade names, and other trademarks. Party. “ Party ” means Company or Supplier individually as the context requires. “ Parties ” means both Company and Supplier.Product. “ Product ” means any Hardware, Firmware, Licensed Software, and/or materials supplied by Supplier as specified in the Purchase Order.Purchase Order.“ Purchase Order ” means a written order issued by Company to Supplier containing a description of the Product(s) to be purchased, the purchase quantity, the purchase delivery schedule, the nominated carrier, the routing instructions, the destination, and confirmation of the price. Specifications. “ Specifications ” means the physical, technical, functional, and/or performance requirements for the Products as set forth more specifically in the Purchase Order. Delivery General. All Products will be delivered to Company (or its designated location) FCA at the named shipping point (Incoterms 2020) or as specified in the Purchase Order, using Company’s specified standard shipping. The Product will be packed and marked for shipment appropriately, and packing slips must accompany all shipments. In the event that Supplier is unable to meet the delivery date at the specified location as set forth in the Purchase Order, Supplier is responsible for any incremental fees or costs associated with expedited shipping for the fastest available freight and delivery to Company for any such delayed Products. Time of the Essence. Each Party acknowledges that the timely delivery of ordered Products is of the essence and vital to the success of this business arrangement. Supplier will pay any additional freight expenses incurred in connection with an expedited shipment arising from a shipment delay or other cause attributable to Supplier, and Company may cancel all or part of any order not shipped within the timeframe specified in the Purchase Order. Inspection and Acceptance Testing and Inspection. Company may inspect and perform tests of the Products at any reasonable time and place. If such inspection is made on Supplier’s premises, Company will provide Supplier with 10 business days advance notice and Supplier will provide reasonable facilities for such inspection and testing.Acceptance. Final inspection and acceptance by Company will be conducted withing 20 days of the receipt of the applicable Products at Company’s specified receiving destination (except as otherwise agreed in a writing signed by both Parties). Any Products not rejected, as defined below, within such 20 day period will be deemed to be accepted by Company. Rejection. Company may, within 20 days of receipt of any Products at Company’s receiving destination, reject Products that fail to conform to the Specifications and defined functional test metrics loaded into Company’s designated PLM platform. In the event of a rejection, Supplier will pay all costs and expenses to return, repair, or replace such nonconforming Product. If Supplier is unable to cure any defect within 15 days of notice from Company of a rejection, Company may at its discretion terminate the applicable Purchase Order and Supplier will be liable for any resulting damages. Warranty Product Warranty. Supplier warrants to Company and its End Customers that for a period of 48 months from the date of sale by Company, or its dealer or distributor, to the End Customer (excluding prototype or qualification units not intended for delivery to End Customers) that the Products will conform to the Specifications and will be free from manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service. As set forth below, Company (or Company’s agent) may return directly to Supplier any defective Product that does not conform to the Specifications. Any repaired or replaced Product must be warranted as set forth in this Section for a period equal to the greater of (i) the balance of the applicable warranty period relating to such Product or (ii) 90 days after it is received by Company. Exclusions. The warranty above does not include Products that have defects or failures resulting from alterations, modifications, or repairs by Company or third parties. For any out-of-warranty Products, Company may request that Supplier perform repairs, in which event Company agrees to pay the specified repair fees. Supplier warrants such repairs for 90 days (workmanship only).Software or Firmware Warranty; Enhancement. Where applicable and as part of the Product Warranty set forth above, Supplier will fix, without charge, any reproducible software or Firmware defect that is documented by Company. EPIDEMIC FAILURE. IN THE EVENT THAT THERE IS AN EPIDEMIC FAILURE WITH ANY PRODUCT PROVIDED BY SUPPLIER TO COMPANY THAT REQUIRES A FIELD RECALL, AND IT IS DETERMINED THAT SUCH FAILURE ARISES FROM OR IS RELATED TO A BREACH IN THE WARRANTY AS DEFINED IN THIS SECTION, SUPPLIER WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL COSTS RELATED TO THE RECALL, REPAIR, AND REPLACEMENT OF SUCH PRODUCT IN THE FIELD.Additional Warranties.Supplier hereby represents and warrants to Company that:Supplier has and will convey to Company, upon payment in full, good title to the Products, free and clear of all liens and other security interests; The Products and any accompanying Documentation and the use, distribution, and resale thereof by Company do not and will not infringe upon, misappropriate, or violate any patent, copyright, trade secret, trade name, trademark, or any other proprietary right of any third party; andThe Products and Documentation are compliant will all applicable government or administrative electrical, environmental, and emissions standards in the U.S., Australia, Canada, China, and the EU, and any other countries for which they are designed for use. NO OTHER WARRANTIES. EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED HEREIN, COMPANY AND SUPPLIER EACH HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. Return-to-Vendor Process General. If Products returned to Supplier under a warranty claim requires a Return to Vendor (RTV) number, Supplier will issue the RTV number upon request. Supplier will pay all transportation costs for valid returns of the Products to Supplier’s facility and for the shipment of the repaired or replaced Products to Company, and Supplier will assume title of and bear all risk of loss or damage to such Products while in transit. For invalid or “no defect found” returns, Company will pay these charges. Upon receipt of the defective unit(s), Supplier will issue a credit to Company for purchase price paid for the defective unit(s). LIMITATION OF LIABILITY EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED FOR IN THE PURCHASE ORDER, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN ANY ACTION ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE PURCHASE ORDER OR THESE TERMS, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), INTENTIONAL CONDUCT, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO THE LOSS OF PROFITS, INCOME, OR GOODWILL, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THIS SECTION IS NOT INTENDED TO LIMIT AND MAY NOT BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT A PARTY’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR ITS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OR CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THE PURCHASE ORDER OR THESE TERMS. COMPANY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS ORDER IS LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF (I) THE AMOUNT PAID BY COMPANY FOR THE GOODS AND/OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY SUPPLIER, AND (II) $500. ‍ PAYMENT AND INVOICE Payment Terms. Unless otherwise agreed in a writing signed by the Parties, payment for any Purchase Orders will be due 60 days from Acceptance of the Products by Company. All transactions must be valued and paid in United States currency. Invoices must have the same prices and quantities specified in the Purchase Order, unless changes have been authorized in writing by Snap One prior to shipment.Partial Shipments. When partial shipments are made, Supplier will invoice Company in accordance with the Purchase Order for the quantity of conforming Products shipped at the agreed upon Price for such Products. ‍ FORCE MAJURE Neither Party to this Purchase Order will be liable to the other for non-performance due to causes not reasonably within its control; including, but not limited to, fire, flood, war, embargo, riot, terrorist act, pandemic, or intervention of any governmental authority provided, however, that the Party suffering such delay immediately notifies the other Party in writing of the reasons for the delay and, if possible, the duration of such delay. Confidentiality Confidentiality Obligations. Each Party hereto agrees to hold the other Party’s Confidential Information in strict confidence and must not permit the use or disclosure of any such Confidential Information by or to any person or entity (excluding the receiving Party’s employees, attorneys, and subcontractors who may have access to Confidential Information on a need-to-know basis) unless such use or disclosure is specifically authorized in writing by the Party providing the Confidential Information. The Confidential Information may be used by each Party solely in the course of performing its obligations hereunder. Treatment of Confidential Information. Each Party will take appropriate action and utilize the same effort to safeguard the Confidential Information of the other Party as it utilizes to protect its own trade secrets or Confidential Information, but at a minimum, each Party will undertake reasonable precautions to protect the Confidential Information.Without limitation on the foregoing, each Party will (i) advise its own employees who have access to the Confidential Information and others for whom the other Party has given written consent to disclose the Confidential Information, of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information; (ii) ensure by agreement or otherwise that the Confidential Information is prohibited from being disclosed to any additional third parties except to the extent required to carry out obligations under the Purchase Order or these Terms; and (iii) require that such Confidential Information be kept in a reasonably secure location. A Party that receives Confidential Information from the other Party remains responsible for its employees’, attorneys’, and subcontractors’ use of the disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. Compliance with Law. In the event that a Party hereto is required by law or by any legal process, including interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, deposition, or similar legal process to disclose any Confidential Information, such Party must provide the other Party with reasonably prompt, written notice of such request or requirement so that the other Party may seek, at its own cost, an appropriate protective order if it deems it appropriate to do so. If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, the compelled Party is nonetheless, based on the advice of the Party’s legal counsel, required by law to disclose Confidential Information, such Party may disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which such Party’s counsel reasonably believes the Party is legally required to disclose and will undertake reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that the Confidential Information will receive confidential treatment. Return of Confidential Information. Upon written request of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party will return to the other Party or destroy (and certify to the disclosing Party that such destruction has taken place) all Confidential Information in written form provided by the disclosing Party, including any copies, upon termination of this Purchase Order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Party will be required to destroy any of the other Party’s Confidential Information that is stored electronically as part of such Party’s disaster recovery program (provided that such Party maintains the confidentiality of any such electronically retained Confidential Information). Limitations. The obligations set forth in this Section do not apply if and to the extent that the Party receiving Confidential Information establishes that: (i) the information disclosed to it was already known to it without obligation to keep it confidential; (ii) it received the information in good faith from a third party lawfully in possession thereof without obligation to keep such information confidential; (iii) the information was publicly known at the time of its receipt by it or has become publicly known other than by a breach of these Terms; (iv) the information is independently developed by the Party without use of the other Party’s Confidential Information; or (v) it was disclosed under operation of law, provided that the receiving Party has promptly notified the disclosing Party of any legal process requiring production of Confidential Information prior to compliance and has taken all reasonable precautions, including a protective order if so requested by the disclosing Party, to ensure confidential treatment of such information. A Party’s obligations under this Section will survive fulfillment or termination of the Purchase Order. Indemnification By Supplier. Supplier will indemnify, defend, and hold Company, its agents, and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (“ Claims ”) arising from (i) any Product recall initiated by Supplier; (ii) an Epidemic Failure or other damages, liabilities, or claims arising from Section 4.4 of these Terms; (iii) any third-party claim brought against Company alleging that its sale of the Products in accordance with the Terms infringes a third party’s copyright, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights except to the extent that such infringement exists as a result of the use by Supplier of Company’s materials, designs, or specifications; or (iv) any third-party claim brought against Company based upon personal injury or death or injury to property arising from the negligent acts or omission of the Supplier. By Company.Company will indemnify, defend, and hold Supplier, its parent, affiliates, agents, and employees harmless from and against any and all Claims brought against Supplier alleging that Supplier’s use, in accordance with the Terms and where applicable, of materials provided to Supplier by Company in connection with Company’s purchase of the Products, infringes a third person’s copyright, trade secret, or patent.General. The Party entitled to the indemnity under this Section (“ Indemnified Party ”) will give the other Party (“ Indemnifying Party ”) prompt written notice of any claims resulting in an obligation of indemnification under this Section. The Indemnified Party will provide reasonable assistance in the defense and the settlement of a claim at the Indemnifying Party’s expense. The Indemnifying Party will obtain the prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld, of the Indemnified Party in respect to any non-cash aspects of a proposed settlement of such claim from the Indemnified Party before entering into any settlement of such claim or ceasing to defend against such claim. Notices General. All notices permitted or required pursuant to these Terms will be written in the English language and will be either (i) hand-delivered; (ii) deposited with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service; (iii) deposited with the United States Post Office certified mail, return receipt request, and postage prepaid. All notices will be deemed to have been served the earlier of (i) when actually received; (ii) upon refusal of delivery; or (iii) upon three (3) business days after the date mailed by certified or registered mail. All notices must be addressed to the parties to whom such notices are intended as set on the face of the Purchase Order. Change of Address. Either Party may change its address by giving notice to the other Party in accordance with this Section.Exceptions. Regular business communications such as Purchase Orders, corrective action request, and the like may be sent via mail or electronic means to appropriate individuals within either Party. Any regular business communication that will be relied upon as a material legal document must be delivered via one of the means noted in Section 11.1 above. Insurance Comprehensive/Commercial General Liability. Supplier will procure and maintain a policy of comprehensive general or commercial general liability insurance with a combined single limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) for each occurrence and two million dollars ($2,000,000) general aggregate. Supplier will also procure and maintain umbrella coverage of not less than five million dollars ($5,000,000). Supplier will supply Company with a Certificate of Insurance evidencing coverage, including Ocean Cargo (if applicable), that names Snap One, LLC as an Additional Insured by endorsement, and which also provides that such insurance will not be canceled or changed unless at least thirty (30) days prior written notice has been given to Company. The insurance required hereunder will be issued by an insurance company or companies authorized to do business in the United States. Supplier’s insurance will be primary and required to respond to and pay claims prior to other coverage. General Independent Contractors. In performing their respective obligations hereunder, each of the Parties will operate as and have the status of an independent contractor and will not act as an agent or employee of the other Party. Neither Party will have any right or authority to assume or create any obligations of any kind or to make any representations or warranties on behalf of the other Party whether express or implied, or to bind the other Party in any respect whatsoever.Amendments. Any mutually agreed terms which may be specified after the acceptance of the Purchase Order shall be incorporated into these Terms in the form of an addendum signed by both Parties and attached hereto. No Waiver. No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right, power, or remedy under these Terms may operate as a waiver of any such right, power, or remedy. No waiver of any term or condition of these Terms will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the Party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced. The express waiver of any right or default hereunder will be effective only in the instance given and may not operate as or imply a waiver of any similar right or default on any subsequent occasion. Severability. Should any provision of these Terms be determined to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, such determination will not affect the remaining provisions hereof which shall remain in full force and effect.Choice of Law; Jurisdiction.These Terms, and all claims or causes of action that may be based upon, arise out of, or relate to these Terms (and any transaction or relation contemplated therein) shall be governed and interpreted under the laws of Utah, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Furthermore, the Parties expressly submit themselves to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Salt Lake City, Utah to resolve any dispute based upon, arising out of, or relating to these Terms (and any transaction or relation contemplated therein). Both Parties waive forever any objection to the abovementioned venue and forum and agree not to plead or claim that the venue or forum is inconvenient. The Parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded from application to these Terms and to transactions processed under these Terms. All legal fees, including, but not limited to, attorney fees will be paid by the non-prevailing Party in any legal dispute. Entire Terms and Conditions. The headings are for the convenience of the Parties only and have no legal effects. These Terms along with the associated Purchase Order(s) constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and may only be amended by an express, written document signed by the authorized representatives of both Parties.Injunctive Relief. Supplier recognizes that any breach by Supplier of any obligations under these Terms may result in irreparable injury to Company for which damages and other legal remedies may be inadequate. In seeking enforcement of any of these obligations, Company will be entitled (in addition to other remedies) to seek preliminary and permanent injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent, discontinue, and/or restrain the breach of these Terms. Compliance with Law. Supplier agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws at all times, including, without limitation, all applicable import and export regulations of the United States and any other countries as applicable.Conflict Minerals. Without limiting the obligations in Section 13.8 above, Supplier represents and warrants that it is in full compliance with conflict minerals laws, including, without limitation, Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 as it may be amended from time to time and any regulations, rules, decisions, or order relating thereto adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or successor governmental agency responsible for adopting regulations relating thereto (collectively, “ Dodd-Frank Section 1502 ”). Supplier must cooperate with Company to make available to Company and/or its agents, full material declarations that identify the sources of and amount of all substances contained in the Products. Unless Company specifically agrees in writing that a particular Product may contain a particular material, Supplier will also provide a statement that the Products do not contain various materials at issue in applicable laws and regulations. Without any further consideration, Supplier will provide such further cooperation as Company may reasonably require in order to meet any obligations it may have under conflict minerals laws, including, without limitation, under Dodd-Frank Section 1502. Updates to Terms These Terms may be updated by Company from time to time. Company will maintain archived copies of previous versions of these Terms. Last Updated: July 20, 2022 Snap One APAC Pty Ltd Sales Terms This Snap One APAC Pty Ltd Sales Terms Agreement (The “ Terms ” or “ Agreement ”) is for the sale of certain Snap One products and services is between Snap One APAC Pty Ltd (“ Supplier ” or “ Snap One ”), an Australian company with an ACN of 104 199 439 and owner of the Snap One brands identified below in the Products section and the dealer identified above (the “ Dealer ”) and incorporates herein by reference the terms set forth below. Supplier and Dealer may be referred to herein individually as a “ Party ” and collectively as the “ Parties ”. These Terms are provided in lieu of a definitive agreement between the Parties and shall govern any purchase orders place between the Parties prior to the execution of a definitive Authorized Dealer Agreement (the “ Definitive Agreement ”). In the event that the parties enter into a Definitive Agreement, the Definitive Agreement between the parties shall supersede the terms of this Agreement. Dealer Appointment 1.1. Appointment as Authorised Dealer. Supplier appoints Dealer as a non-exclusive Snap One authorised dealer within the channels for the custom integrator sales channel for commercial and residential applications (“ Sales Channel ”), and only within the Commonweath of Australia (“ Territory ”).The Supplier is authorized to sell all “Access Networks,” “Araknis,” “Autonomic,” “Binary,” “Clare Controls,” “Dragonfly,” “Episode,” “Luma,” “Nearus,” “OvrC,” “Pakedge,” “Parasol,” “Sense,” “Strong,” “SunBrite,” “Triad” speakers (but not other Triad electronics products), “Visualint,” “WattBox,” and “Wirepath” branded products and services on then-current Snap One Price List sold by Supplier to dealers in the Territory, as well as other brands of products authorized by Snap One in the future (“ Products ”). For the avoidance of doubt, these Terms do not authorize the Dealer to sell Control4-branded products and services. The foregoing appointment is subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in Section 14 incorporated herein by this reference. Upon thirty (30) days written or electronic notice from Supplier to Dealer, the terms and conditions of Section 14 may be modified by Supplier from time to time in connection with changes to its Dealer Program as set forth in Section 14. Any such changes to the Dealer Program shall apply equally to all Supplier authorised Dealers in the applicable program in the Territory. Upon such notice of the change in the terms of Section 14, Dealer may terminate the Agreement immediately, subject to the rights and obligations of Terminated Status in Section 14. If Dealer does not give written or electronic notice of termination within such thirty (30) day period, Dealer agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the amended Section 14. 1.2. Sale Locations. Dealer may distribute the Products within the Territory from one or more pre-approved Dealer locations, provided, however, that each location must individually meet the Dealer Obligations listed in Section 14. 1.3. Reserved Rights. Supplier reserves the right to do any of the following, at its sole discretion: (i) authorise other Dealers in the same or other Sales Channels; (ii) change or discontinue the offering of any Products; (iii) change or terminate the level of support offered by Supplier; (iv) add or exclude any product from the list of Products available to be sold by Dealer hereunder; and (v) market, sell and distribute Supplier’s products, including the Products, directly to end users and other customers in the same or other Sales Channels. 1.4. Active Status. Dealer shall use its best commercial efforts to maintain “ Active Status ” (as defined in Section 14). If Dealer fails to comply with the conditions for Active Status or breaches any term of this Agreement upon notice from Supplier, Dealer may be changed to “ Inactive Status ” (as defined in Section 14), or may be subject to termination of the Agreement as provided in Section 11. Pricing and Taxes 2.1. Prices. Supplier will sell the Products to Dealer at the prices in effect (on the date of each applicable Dealer Purchase Order as defined below) on Supplier’s then current applicable price list, as it may be changed from time to time with or without notice, or as otherwise agreed between the Parties in writing. Any new or revised price list will automatically supersede all prior inconsistent price lists. Supplier’s prices do not include sales, use, excise, VAT, GST, or similar taxes, or cost of shipping, which shall be the responsibility of Dealer. 2.2. Taxes. The amount of any valid present or future sales, use, excise, VAT, GST, duties or other similar tax that is attributable to Dealer shall be paid by Dealer; or in lieu thereof, Dealer shall provide Supplier with a tax exemption certificate acceptable to the relevant taxing authorities. 2.3 GST. Any words capitalised in this clause have the meaning given to those words in the A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth). If a Supply made under or in connection with this Agreement is a Taxable Supply, then at or before the time the consideration for the Supply is payable; (i) the Recipient must pay the Supplier an amount equal to the GST for the Supply (in addition to the consideration otherwise payable under this Agreement); and (ii) the Supplier must give the Recipient a Tax Invoice for the Supply. For clarity, the GST payable under this clause is correspondingly increased or decreased by any subsequent adjustment to the amount of GST for the Supply for which the Supplier is liable, however caused. 2.4. Dealer’s Prices. Dealer is free to determine its own prices for sales to its customers. 2.5. Related Matters. Dealer shall not make deductions of any kind from amounts due to Supplier unless Supplier has issued a credit memo or otherwise consented to such deduction in writing. Any unauthorised deduction shall be grounds for termination of this Agreement at Supplier’s option, without any further liability to Dealer. Dealer hereby grants to Supplier a security interest. 2.6 Retention of title and Personal Property Securities Act.Supplier retains ownership and title in all Products sold by Supplier to Dealer until payment in full for such Products is received by Supplier in accordance with this Agreement. Dealer acknowledges that this Agreement creates a security interest under the Personal Property Securities Act (2009) (Cth) (the ‘ PPSA ’) in the Products and any other products to be supplied in the future and agrees that Supplier may file such financing statements as Supplier deems necessary to perfect such security interest and register the security interest on the PPSA register. Dealer must not charge the Products in any way or grant or otherwise give any interest in the Products while they remain the property of Supplier, nor will it allow a third party to acquire any interest in the Products. If Dealer fails to comply with any obligation under this Agreement, then, without limiting the remedies available to Supplier, Dealer must, on request from Supplier return the Products on which there are outstanding amounts owing and Dealer authorises Supplier and any person authorised by Supplier to enter premises where the Products may be located to take possession of the Products and Supplier may retain, sell or otherwise dispose of the Products. Dealer agrees that to the extent permitted under the PPSA, Dealer has no right (i) to receive notice of removal of an accession under the PPSA; (ii) under Chapter 4 of the PPSA; or (iii) under the PPSA to receive a copy of any verification statement or financing charge statement under the PPSA. Dealer must unconditionally ratify any actions taken by Control 4 under this clause. In this clause 2.6, words defined in the PPSA have the same meaning when used in this clause. Purchase Orders 3.1. Form of Purchase Order. Orders for Supplier’s Products may be initiated by purchase orders in the format designated by Supplier from time to time, which may include electronic purchase orders (each a “ Purchase Order ”). All electronic Purchase Orders shall be sent to the email address as designated by Supplier in writing from time to time. Supplier shall have the right to accept or reject, in its sole discretion for any or no reason, any Purchase Order. Each Purchase Order submitted by Dealer will be binding upon the Parties only upon written or electronic acceptance by Supplier, or upon shipment (but if accepted by shipment, then only to the extent of the Products actually shipped). The terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all Purchase Orders and will supersede all terms or conditions set forth on any Purchase Order submitted by Dealer, notwithstanding Supplier’s acceptance or fulfillment thereof. 3.2. Forecasts. From time to time, Supplier may request that Dealer provide Supplier with a written or electronic forecast of anticipated future orders for a particular calendar quarter within a specific time limit upon written or electronic notice to Dealer. Dealer agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such forecast to Supplier in a timely manner. 3.3. Cancellation of Purchase Orders. Supplier reserves the right to cancel any pending Purchase Order(s) if Dealer fails to pay any amount owed to Supplier when due, or if Dealer breaches or otherwise fails to comply with this Agreement, or if Dealer fails to meet credit requirements or limitations reasonably established by Supplier from time to time. 3.4. Shipments; Expedited Delivery. Supplier will ship the Products Ex Works (Incoterms 2020), with reasonably appropriate packaging, by reputable carrier, to the address or location designated by Dealer in the Purchase Order. Title to the Products, including risk of loss, will pass to Dealer upon delivery of the Products by Supplier to the carrier at Supplier’s point of shipment. Supplier shall have no responsibility to insure any shipment. Supplier will use commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill any request by Dealer for expedited shipment. Additional charges will apply to account for the increased cost of any such expedited delivery. Shipping terms, including cost, shall be as set forth in the applicable Supplier price list or in the online store hosted by Supplier. Payment 4.1. General Payment Terms. Payment for any Purchase Orders shall be due prior to Product shipment, unless otherwise agreed in writing by Supplier or set forth in a dealer program or promotion in which Dealer is an authorised participant. Interest shall accrue on overdue accounts at the rate of 1.0% per month or, if lower, the maximum rate allowed by law. Supplier will charge a fee of $25.00 for each payment made to Supplier that is returned due to insufficient funds. 4.2. Credit Terms. At Supplier’s option, Supplier may extend certain credit terms to Dealer, and shipments may be sent pursuant to such credit terms.Such terms may be set forth in the written materials of a dealer program or promotion in which Dealer is an authorised participant, or, if not, will be established in writing according to Supplier’s standard credit application and agreement. If Dealer defaults in its obligations respecting any such credit terms, Supplier may declare all amounts immediately due and owing, as well as any other remedies pursuant to the credit agreement or at law or equity. Moreover, Supplier reserves the right to limit, with respect to any Purchase Order or shipment, the amount and extent of credit available to Dealer. 4.3. Taxes. Dealer shall pay when due all taxes, fees, levies, duties and other payments required in connection with the importation, distribution and sale of Products, including without limitation any income tax liability arising therefrom. 4.4. Rights. Supplier may suspend or discontinue performance, or suspend, withhold or discontinue any benefit or discount arising under this Agreement, in Supplier’s sole discretion, if Dealer fails to pay any sum when due, or if Dealer fails to perform its obligations under this Agreement and has not cured such failure within ten (10) days of receiving written notice thereof from Supplier. In addition, Supplier may, in its sole discretion, remove, redistribute or re-assign any current or future sales opportunities or leads during any period that Dealer is in breach of this Agreement. Returns 5.1. General Terms. Supplier extends a limited, express product warranty to end-users of the Products. The warranty for the Products is set forth at www.snapone.com/legal/. If a Product is returned to the Dealer from an end-user within the warranty period, Dealer agrees to work with Supplier to process the return and otherwise assist Customers with the limited repair or replacement services as set forth in the product warranty. Dealer shall also have the right to return, subject to terms hereof, for a full credit or refund, any Product that: (i) is shipped in error or was not ordered pursuant to Dealer’s Purchase Order; or (ii) is damaged or defective (but not including damage incurred during shipment). In any of the foregoing events, in order to qualify for a return, credit or refund as to such Product, Dealer shall notify Supplier, including a reasonable explanation of the reason for return and supporting evidence for such explanation, within five (5) days of the receipt of the subject Products, or in the case of non-conformity with the limited warranty, within five (5) days of discovering the non-conformity. Supplier reserves the right to deny any return for which notice is not given within the applicable notification period, or in the case of subsection (ii) above, if the damage is caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of the shipper, Dealer or its representative or agents. 5.2. Return Merchandise Authorization. If Dealer is eligible to return the Products, Supplier will provide Dealer with a Return Merchandise Authorization (“ RMA ”) number and related return instructions; failure to obtain an RMA number and to comply with the return instructions may result in denial of the return, or a reduction of the credit or refund amount. In addition, Dealer must mail the defective Product to Supplier (i) within sixty (60) days from the date the RMA was issued (RMA numbers are cancelled if the Product is not received within the sixty (60) day period), (ii) with the RMA number clearly marked on the outside of each box being sent to Supplier. Any shipment that does not meet all of the valid claim requirements will be refused by Supplier or assessed a restocking fee at Supplier’s sole discretion. Supplier is not responsible for any refused shipments or any damage caused due to shipping, whether or not it was a valid claim. If upon examination, Supplier determines that any returned Products were improperly returned or were not eligible for return, then Supplier will send the Products back to Dealer and the cost for sending the Products back to Dealer shall be paid to Supplier by Dealer. Upon written or electronic notice to Dealer by Supplier, the foregoing return policy is subject to change or modification from time to time in Supplier’s sole discretion, provided that such change or modification applies equally to Supplier’s other Dealers in the Sales Channel. For purposes of this Section 5.2, the term “ defective ” shall mean any Product that is visually or operationally not performing in accordance with the limited end-user warranty associated with such Product upon inspection by Dealer. Compliance with these requirements is a condition to coverage and Supplier’s acceptance of any returns. 5.3. No Unauthorised Returns. Dealer shall not return any Product except as expressly permitted under Sections 5.1 and 5.2, and Supplier shall have no obligation to accept any other returns.All returns not in compliance with Sections 5.1 and 5.2 may be accepted or rejected at Supplier’s sole option and shall, at Supplier’s option and in addition to the right of return and other remedies set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2, be subject to a handling charge due to Supplier from Dealer of fifteen percent (15%) of the price for unopened Product and thirty percent (30%) of the price for opened Product for the returned Product(s) on the Purchase Order, plus any freight, insurance or similar charges previously paid or incurred by Supplier in connection with the original shipment of such Product(s) to Dealer, and any restocking or other fees Supplier may choose to assess, which shall be paid by Dealer to Supplier within five (5) days upon written or electronic notice of such payment to Dealer from Supplier. IP; Trademarks; Content Provided by Supplier 6.1. Supplier IP Rights. The license granted herein shall not be deemed to constitute a transfer, sale or conveyance of any ownership interest in any of Supplier’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights, including, without limitation, any patents, copyrights, trade secrets, or other rights (collectively the “ Supplier IP ”), all of which are owned by Supplier. Any rights not subject to the license herein are expressly reserved by Supplier. Dealer shall promptly advise Supplier of any improvements, developments or inventions relating to the Products, the Supplier IP or Supplier’s business made by Dealer. All such improvements, developments and/or inventions are the property of Supplier. Dealer assigns all intellectual property or other proprietary rights (including future rights) in any improvements, developments or inventions to Supplier on their creation and waives all moral rights in such. Dealer must do any act, matter or thing necessary to give effect to the assignment including the procurement of any assignments or waivers by any employee or third party contractor. Dealer agrees to execute any and all documentation requested by Supplier and otherwise assist Supplier to perfect Supplier’s rights and interests in such improvements, developments or inventions. 6.2. Restrictions on Use. Except as provided by this Agreement, Dealer shall not use, copy, modify, have modified, license, sublicense, distribute, rent, sell, decompile or reverse engineer any of the Supplier IP, nor shall Dealer create or develop, or attempt to create or develop, any derivative work based in whole or in part on the Supplier IP, or facilitate or assist any third party in doing so. Dealer acknowledges that any license of Supplier IP does not include any license to reverse engineer any Supplier IP or to design or develop or to assist in designing or developing any other product either for itself or for any third party. Dealer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any unauthorised copying or distribution of the Supplier IP by Dealer, any third party, or their agents. 6.3. Enforcement. Dealer shall promptly notify Supplier if Dealer becomes aware of any person or entity that may be infringing or using unlawfully any Supplier IP. Dealer shall fully cooperate with all efforts of Supplier to protect Supplier IP. Supplier has the sole right to determine whether to take action with respect to any infringement of Supplier IP. 6.4. Trademark Use. Supplier hereby grants Dealer a limited license to use, exhibit and display, reproduce and publish Supplier’s trade names, trademarks and service marks associated with the Products within the Sales Channel, in order to promote and sell the Products within such Sales Channel. Dealer shall comply with Supplier’s trademark usage guidelines as provided from time to time to dealer. Dealer shall not use Supplier’s names, trademarks or service marks, including without limitation the Supplier Marks (as defined in Section 6.5 below) in Dealer’s company name (or in the company name of any subsidiary or affiliate of Dealer), or in any telephone number, Internet domain name or URL.If notwithstanding the foregoing, Dealer has used or does use any of Supplier’s names, trademarks or service marks, including without limitation the Supplier Marks, in Dealer’s company name (or in the company name of Dealer’s subsidiary or affiliate), or in a telephone number, Internet domain name or URL, then upon written or electronic notice by Supplier, Dealer shall promptly do the following: (i) if the use is in Dealer’s company name (or in the company name of a subsidiary or affiliate of Dealer), then Dealer shall cause such company name to be changed so as to remove and discontinue any such use and/or reference; and (ii) if the use is in a telephone number, an Internet domain name or URL owned or controlled by Dealer, or Dealer’s subsidiary or affiliate, then Dealer shall cause such telephone number, Internet domain or URL to be either, at Supplier’s option, transferred to Supplier or otherwise discontinued or modified so as to remove and discontinue any such use and/or reference. If Dealer fails to comply with any of the foregoing requirements within thirty (30) days of written or electronic notice by Supplier, Supplier may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written or electronic notice to Dealer (and without further opportunity to cure as otherwise set forth in Section 11.2 hereof). 6.5. Trademark Ownership. Supplier has and shall retain exclusive ownership of all trademarks, trade names and Product names relating to Supplier or the Products, whether listed in catalog or marketing materials or otherwise (the “ Supplier Marks ”). Dealer shall not directly or indirectly contest or challenge, or do anything inconsistent with, Supplier’s exclusive ownership of the Supplier Marks. Dealer shall not alter, deface, remove, cover, mutilate or add to the Supplier Marks, except that Dealer may attach labels in the local language, and/or inserts or information in Product containers, as required by relevant regulations, if any. 6.6. Supplier Content. Supplier may provide to Dealer, without limitation, Product advertising and promotional materials, as well as specifications, images, and other textual, graphical and/or multimedia content regarding the Products within the applicable Sales Channel for use in preparing advertising and promotional material (“ Supplier Content ”). Subject to any limitations which Supplier places on the use of Supplier Content by written or electronic notification to Dealer, Supplier hereby grants Dealer a licence to use, exhibit and display, reproduce and publish (but not to modify, alter or amend) such Supplier Content for the sole purpose of advertising and promoting the Products in the Territory. Confidentiality Any information marked or identified by Supplier or Dealer as confidential, or regardless of form or marking, is of the nature that a reasonable person would understand its owner would not want it disclosed to the public, will be considered to be “ Confidential Information .” Confidential Information shall also include (a) this Agreement and its terms; (b) technical matters concerning Supplier’s trade secret processes or devices, know-how, data, formulas, inventions (whether or not patentable or copyrighted), specifications and characteristics of products or services planned or being developed, and research subjects, methods and results, (c) Supplier’s pricing, policies, markets and sales strategies, (d) matters relating to Supplier’s project initiatives and designs, and (e) other information of a similar nature not generally disclosed to the public. Each Party agrees not to disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party except to its own employees or agents who are bound by confidentiality obligations that are no less protective than this Section 7, who have a need to know such Confidential Information in order to perform their responsibilities. Each Party agrees to take at least the same precautions to protect the other Party’s Confidential Information as such Party would utilise to ensure the protection, confidentiality and security of its own confidential information.Confidential Information shall not include any information which (a) is or becomes generally known or available through no act or failure to act by the receiving Party; (b) is already known by the receiving Party at the time of disclosure as evidenced by its written records; (c) is rightfully furnished to the receiving Party by a third party without restriction on disclosure; or (d) is disclosed in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, or pursuant to the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or stock association in which the securities of the receiving Party may be traded from time to time, provided that (i) the receiving Party provides the disclosing Party with prior written notice of such disclosure as soon as reasonably possible in order to permit the disclosing Party to seek confidential treatment of such information; and (ii) the disclosure is only made to the extent necessary to comply with the order, law or rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or stock association. A Party may, in writing, request either the prompt return or destruction, and a written certification of such destruction, of any Confidential Information provided to the other Party. Each Party further agrees that monetary damages may not alone be a sufficient remedy for unauthorised disclosure of Confidential Information and that the non-disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek all remedies and damages available in law and equity, including but not limited to such injunctive relief as may be deemed proper by a court of competent jurisdiction. Additional Obligations of Supplier 8.1. Product Materials. In its sole discretion, Supplier may provide to Dealer, at no charge, a reasonable number of copies (or links to electronic versions) of any marketing and technical information prepared by Supplier relating to the Products, service manuals, Product specifications, end-user warranties and other Product data and materials within the applicable Sales Channel(s) (collectively the “ Product Materials ”). Supplier shall provide such Product Materials in English, and may provide them in other languages, in its sole discretion. If Supplier does not produce the Product Materials, or any part of them, in a language required by Dealer, then Dealer may, at its own expense and in good faith consultation with Supplier, translate or obtain the translation of such Product Materials into such other language; provided that Dealer shall be required: (a) to obtain Supplier’s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, of any translation and adaptation of the Product Materials prior to distribution; and (b) to provide Supplier with a worldwide, fully paid up license (with right of sublicense) to each such translation. Dealer shall indemnify and hold harmless Supplier from and against any and all damages, claims, losses or other expenses resulting from any mistake or omission in any translation or adaptation prepared by or on behalf of Dealer. 8.2. Training. Subject to reservation scheduling to ensure space availability, Dealer will be eligible to attend training programs at Supplier’s training facilities at Supplier’s then-current prices. Dealer agrees to make available a reasonable number of its personnel for such training, and agrees that travel and related costs (if any) are Dealer’s responsibility. Representations and Warranties 9.1. Dealer’s Representations and Warranties.Dealer represents and warrants to Supplier that: (i) Dealer has the authority to enter into this Agreement, and that the persons signing this Agreement on behalf of Dealer are authorised to sign; (ii) Dealer will comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws at all times, including, obtaining and maintaining all certifications, credentials, authorizations, licenses, permits, safety testing and all regulatory compliance markings at Dealer’s own expense, necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Dealer will not export or ship any Products outside of the Territory except in strict compliance with any export-related laws and regulations and upon prior written approval of Supplier; (iv) Dealer will exert commercially reasonable efforts to promote and sell the Products within the applicable Sales Channel(s) consistent with Dealer’s sales, marketing and merchandising plans; (v) Dealer will not make false or misleading representations, or otherwise make any disparaging statement, about Supplier or any Product and shall make no representation with respect to the specifications or features of the Products except for those representations that were previously approved in writing or published by Supplier; (vi) Dealer will promptly advise Supplier concerning any information that may come to Dealer’s attention as to charges, complaints, or claims about Supplier or the Products by customers of other persons (vii) Dealer shall abide by the credit policies and credit standards established by Supplier from time to time in Supplier’s sole discretion. (viii) Dealer is in a good and substantial financial condition and is able to pay all its bills when due, and agrees to furnish to Supplier from time to time, as Supplier may reasonably request, financial statements of Dealer and other financial information relevant to the creditworthiness of Dealer; and (ix) Dealer will comply with the Dealer Obligations then in effect (a copy of the Dealer Obligations in effect as of the Effective Date is appended as Section 14 and may be amended according to Section 1.1). 9.2. Insurance. Dealer shall obtain and maintain at all times during this Agreement, and shall deliver to Supplier certificates serving as evidence of, adequate commercial general liability insurance, commercial property insurance, and employer’s liability insurance in amounts specified by Supplier that name Supplier as an additional insured and provide at least thirty (30) days written notice to Supplier prior to any cancellation. Limitation of Liability Neither Party makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the business results that the other Party may obtain as a consequence of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Except as set forth in, and only to the extent of, the end user limited warranty, pursuant to which Supplier extends certain limited warranty protection to the end user, the Products are being sold “AS IS,” and Supplier makes no warranty to Dealer, express or implied, including any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Except with regard to the provisions of this Agreement relating to Confidential Information and indemnification, in no event shall either Party be liable under this Agreement to the other Party for lost profits or lost savings, incidental, indirect, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages, regardless of whether such liability is based on breach of contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise. Moreover, Supplier’s liability to Dealer shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount paid or owed to Supplier during the prior twelve (12) months from the date such liability arose. Term and Termination 11.1. Term. Unless terminated as provided herein, this Agreement will be effective from the date of the Dealer’s first purchase order with Supplier and shall continue for one year. Upon the expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement will automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) calendar year (each, a “ Renewal Term ”) unless terminated at the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term by either Party by delivering written or electronic notice of the intent to terminate not less than (or a minimum of) thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. 11.2. Termination. Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon thirty (30) days written or electronic notice to the other Party. In the event a Party is in material breach of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated immediately by the non-breaching Party, provided that notice describing the breach has been provided to the breaching Party and the breaching Party has failed to cure such breach within ten (10) days of its receipt thereof.In the event the Parties enter into a Definitive Agreement, the Definitive Agreement shall apply to future orders, but these terms shall not terminate unless terminated pursuant to this Section 11. 11.3. Accrued Obligations. Termination of this Agreement shall not release the Parties from any liability which, at the time of termination, has already accrued or which thereafter may accrue with respect to any act or omission before termination, or from any obligation which is intended to survive termination pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 11.4. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of the Agreement, with or without cause, Dealer shall be subject to the rights and obligations of Terminated Status as set forth in Section 14. Indemnification Dealer will indemnify, defend and hold Supplier, its parent, affiliates, agents and employees harmless from and against any and all Claims arising from Dealer’s negligence or willful misconduct, and from Dealer’s breach of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, making any false or misleading statements about Supplier’s Product or uses not intended or approved of by Supplier which may or may not result in a claim of infringement. Supplier agrees to give Dealer prompt written notice of any such Claims, to tender the defense to Dealer, to cooperate fully with any investigative or other requests and to grant Dealer the right to control settlement and resolution. Dealer agrees to pay all costs finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction or agreed in a settlement of any such Claim, including reasonable attorney fees and costs. General Provisions 13.1. Assignment. This Agreement and any rights or obligations hereunder may not be assigned by either Party without first obtaining the other Party’s express written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that Supplier may assign this Agreement, without obtaining Dealer’s express written consent: (i) to a successor corporation resulting from a merger or consolidation or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Supplier’s assets or a majority, or controlling interest in Supplier’s voting stock; and (ii) to a present or future subsidiary or affiliate. Any attempted assignment in violation of this Agreement shall be null and void. 13.2. Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be in breach of this Agreement solely due to causes beyond the control and without the fault or negligence of such Party. Such causes may include, but are not restricted to, acts of God or of a public enemy, acts of the government in either its sovereign or contractual capacity, fires, floods, epidemics, earthquakes, quarantine restrictions, strikes, freight embargoes, power failure, failure of subcontracted manufacturer to deliver or, failure of the customary delivery systems, but in every case, the failure to perform must be beyond the control and without fault or negligence of the Party failing to perform. Each Party must inform the other of any Force Majeure event within five (5) business days after such Party became aware, or reasonably should have become aware, of its occurrence. 13.3. Notices. Unless otherwise specified, all notices and other communications which are required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing or electronic forms and shall be deemed to have been duly given if hand-delivered or mailed by either registered or certified mail, return receipt requested or by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, receipt confirmed. In the case of notices via first-class mail or courier service, notices shall be deemed effective upon the date of receipt. All written notices shall be addressed to the Parties as set forth on the signature page of this Agreement, unless either Party notifies the other of a change of address in accordance with this Section 13, in which case the latest noticed address shall be used. All electronic notices to Dealer from Supplier shall be sent to the email address as set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. All electronic notices to Supplier from Dealer shall be sent to the email address as designated by Supplier in writing from time to time. 13.4. Relationship of the Parties. The relationship between the Parties shall be that of independent contractors. Nothing herein shall be construed as creating or constituting any agency or employment relationship, partnership, or joint venture between the Parties. 13.5. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement, and all claims or causes of action that may be based upon, arise out of, or relate to this Agreement (and any transaction or relation contemplated therein) shall be governed and interpreted under the laws of Utah, United States without regard to its conflict of laws principles.Furthermore, Supplier and Dealer expressly submit themselves to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States to resolve any dispute based upon, arising out of, or relating to this Agreement (and any transaction and relation contemplated therein). The Parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded from application to this Agreement and to transactions processed under this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement expressly excludes the provisions of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 and any amendment thereto. 13.6. Enforceability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be more narrowly and equitably construed so that it becomes legal and enforceable, or if such construction is not possible, then the provision shall be deemed removed, and, in either case, the entire Agreement shall not fail on account thereof and the balance of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 13.7. Compliance with Law. Dealer agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws at all times, including, without limitation, all applicable import and export regulations of the United States and any other countries as applicable, including obtaining and maintaining all certifications, credentials, authorizations, licenses, permits, safety testing, and all regulatory compliance markings, at Dealer’s own expense, for any export or import requirements resulting from Dealer’s marketing, sale or use of the Products and all applicable data security and privacy laws and regulations related to the sale of the Products by Dealer and the safeguarding, use, or storage of any personal information. 13.8. FCPA and Export Control. Without limiting the obligations of Section 13.7 above: (i) Dealer shall comply with Supplier’s Code of Business Conduct & Ethics, which will be distributed to dealers in digital form periodically, and promptly report to Supplier any request or demand that, if complied with, would amount to a breach of either this Agreement or Supplier’s Partner Code of Conduct available at www.snapone.com/legal/, and (ii) Dealer shall not (a) act in any fashion or take any action that will violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practice Act (“ FCPA ”), which prohibits the offering, giving or promising to offer or give, directly or indirectly, money or anything of value to any official of a government, political party or instrumentality to assist Dealer or Supplier in obtaining or retaining business or in carrying out Dealer’s duties and activities under this Agreement, and not engage in any activity, practice or conduct that would constitute an offense under the FCPA if such activity, practice or conduct had been carried out in the United States; (b) act in any fashion or take any action that will violate the Australian Criminal Code and the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act (Cth.); (c) export, re-export or disclose (directly or indirectly) any of the Supplier’s Products, any product or technical information provided by Supplier, or any portion thereof, to entities on the current U.S. export exclusion lists, to any embargoed countries as specified in the U.S. export laws or in violation of any other applicable law, regulation or government order, regardless of any disclosure made by Dealer to Supplier of an ultimate destination of the Supplier’s Products or any product or technical information; and (d) use deliverables for prohibited nuclear, missile or chemical biological weaponry end-uses. Supplier’s Products may contain encryption technology subject to U.S. and/or other countries’ laws and regulations including the U.S. Department of Commerce Encryption Regulations. Intra-country restrictions may also be applicable regarding use of software containing encryption technology. 13.9. No Waiver. Any of the provisions of this Agreement may be waived by the Party entitled to the benefit thereof. Neither Party will be deemed, by any act or omission, to have waived any of its right or remedies hereunder unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the waiving Party, and then only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. A waiver with reference to one event will not be construed as continuing or as a bar to or waiver of any other right or remedy, or as to a subsequent event. 13.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument and all of which together shall constitute a single instrument. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by electronic exchange bearing the copies of a party’s signature shall constitute a valid and binding execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party.Such electronic copies shall constitute enforceable original documents. 13.11. Entire Terms; Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior agreements, negotiations and oral understandings, if any. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified in any way, except by an amendment in writing and signed by authorised representatives of the Parties. No amendment shall be effected by the acknowledgement or acceptance of a purchase order, invoice, or other forms stipulating additional or different terms. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the Parties and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and trustees. 13.12. Equitable Relief. The Parties agree that a breach of Section 7 (Confidentiality) of this Agreement, or of any provision affecting the ownership of the Supplier IP or Supplier’s intellectual property, shall result in immediate and irreparable harm for which ordinary damages may not be a sufficient remedy. Therefore, the Parties agree that in the event of any such breach, the non-breaching Party may seek equitable relief, including without limitation an injunction or other restraint, in any court of competent jurisdiction, without the necessity of posting any bond, in addition to any other relief to which such non-breaching Party may be entitled at law or in equity. 13.13. Headings. Section headings used in this Agreement are for the purposes of convenience only and shall not affect the legal interpretation of this Agreement. Any typos, spelling errors, incorrect or missing words or the like in the Agreement do not limit or alter the intent of the agreement in any way and upon identification by either Party, both Parties agree to amend or correct the Agreement in writing to represent the original intent. 13.14. Survival. The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not terminate vested rights of either Party from any liabilities or obligations incurred under this Agreement prior to or which by their nature are intended to survive expiration or termination, including but not limited to provisions relating to confidentiality, indemnification, warranties, and proprietary rights. Section 14. Dealer Program Obligations A. To maintain “ Active Status ”, Dealer must meet the following requirements on an on-going basis: Actively engage in the promotion and sale of the Products;Purchase a minimum initial order of $1,000 of Products (at dealer cost) within the first three months of this Agreement and a minimum $10,000 of Products per calendar year, from Supplier. Such minimums shall not apply to the extent that Dealer participates in a Supplier Dealer program which explicitly defines different or superseding purchase requirements applicable to participation in such program;Complete all required onboarding training designated by Supplier and complete all required additional training as required by Supplier from time to time or complete any Product-specific training required by Supplier to sell specific Products; and Comply fully with all Supplier Dealer Policies, including without limitation licensing requirements trademark usage, maintaining of Minimum Technical Competency, non-disparagement of Supplier, refraining from sub-distribution and maintaining credit with Supplier in good standing. B. Upon failure to meet any requirement(s) for Active Status and on receipt of written or electronic notice from Supplier and in Supplier’s sole discretion, a Dealer may be placed on “ Inactive Status ” or this Agreement may be terminated. Upon regaining full compliance with the requirements for Active Status, a dealer may return to Active Status upon written or electronic request to and written or electronic approval from Supplier. While on Inactive Status Dealer: May continue to order Products as provided in the Authorised Dealer Agreement;May continue to have access to Supplier technical support on a limited basis;May not participate in the Supplier’s Premier Dealer Program; andWill not be represented on the Supplier Dealer Locator. C.Upon termination of the Agreement (“ Terminated Status ”), Dealer: May submit a final Purchase Order to complete pending installations subject to written approval from Supplier’s credit department and Regional Sales Manager or Regional Representative (as applicable);Shall, at Supplier’s sole discretion, either: (i) be permitted to complete sell-through of its remaining Product inventory; or (ii) return its remaining Product inventory to Supplier immediately upon request, with the return freight expenses to be borne by the terminated Dealer.Shall not be entitled to further technical support; Shall return all existing collateral to Supplier and may not receive or purchase further collateral materials;Must immediately cease using the Supplier IP, trademarks, logos, or any confusing similar marks;May not represent themselves to any third party as a Supplier dealer;Shall immediately be removed from the Supplier’s list of authorised dealers, website and dealer locator system and Supplier may reach out to existing end users of the Products to notify them of such changes and make them aware of an alternative authorized dealer; May not reapply to become a dealer of the Products for six (6) months from the effective date of Termination; andRemains responsible to fulfill all financial and payment obligations to Supplier as described herein and/or incurred throughout the relationship. D. In performance under the Agreement, Dealer shall: Unless Dealer has obtained Supplier’s express, prior written or electronic approval, not market, sell or distribute the Products to wholesalers, sub-dealers, or any end-users who the Dealer knows, or has good reason to believe, will take the Products outside the Territory;Unless Dealer has obtained Supplier’s express, prior written or electronic approval, not install or provide services for the Products outside the Territory;Unless Dealer has obtained Supplier’s express, prior written or electronic approval, not sell or distribute the Products by means of telephone, the Internet or any Internet web site, or other commercial online service; Perform required installation and final configuration services at each end-user residence for all Products purchased;Not purchase any Supplier-branded products from any source other than Supplier. Nothing herein shall be deemed to authorise or grant Dealer the right to state or imply in any manner that Dealer is authorised to promote or sell any Supplier’s products other than the Products, which Dealer is authorised to purchase and resell pursuant to this Agreement, and Dealer further agrees that it will not state or imply in any medium anything to the contrary; Refrain from engaging in any unfair competitive practices, including but not limited to product disparagement and bait and switch practices and comply with all applicable present and future laws, ordinances and regulations of all duly constituted authorities;Comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to Dealer’s performance under this Agreement, including, without limitation, any requirements of any applicable governmental authority in the Territory concerning the registration of this Agreement; Conduct all activities relating to its business with Supplier in accordance with the highest standards of ethics and fairness, and in a manner that reflects favorably on the goodwill and reputation of Supplier and Supplier’s Products;Except for accurately representing Dealer’s status as an independent Authorised Dealer, and the requirements Dealer has met to achieve such status, make no claims on behalf of Supplier or imply that Supplier endorses Dealer’s products or services;Not make any representations, warranties, or guarantees to any third party (including but not limited to any end user) regarding Supplier’s Products; Maintain its business establishment in an attractive, clean, orderly and sanitary condition and maintain all its fixtures and furnishings in good condition and repair;Display the Products and all promotional material pertaining thereto and maintain adequate stocks and facilities therefor;Obtain training from Supplier for Dealer’s personnel, and directly provide ongoing training of its sales personnel in connection with the demonstration, use and sale of the Products;Immediately forward to Supplier information concerning all charges, complaints, or claims of damage relating to any of the Products that may come to Dealer’s attention; Purchase from Supplier the minimum quantity, if any, of Products as may be required during the term of the Agreement under any applicable independent dealer program, or otherwise set forth in writing prior to execution of the Agreement, as may be adjusted by Supplier from time to time as permitted under such dealer program or upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Dealer.In addition, certain additional minimum purchase obligations may be required to become eligible for price discounts or credit terms, if any, that may be offered by Supplier under any dealer program from time to time; provided that no such program shall apply to Dealer unless set forth in writing and expressly extended to Dealer by Supplier; (i) Not separate any software sold or bundled/packaged with any Product(s) from such Product(s) or sell, license or distribute such software on a standalone basis; (ii) only distribute such software on those terms and conditions as Supplier may, from time to time, require; and (iii) not remove, translate or modify the contents of documentation of or related to such software, including, without limitation, any end user license agreements or warranty statements;Ensure that each end-user customer accepts or has accepted the online terms and conditions required to register to the Product, if any, before activating any Product for such customer; Not under any circumstance register an end user, accept any terms on an end user’s behalf, including any terms and conditions of third-party products, misrepresent any such terms and conditions or otherwise bypass this precondition to Product activation ;Use its best efforts to sell and install Products within twelve (12) months of the date of purchase from Supplier, and Dealer agrees that any Products not sold within such twelve (12) month period will not be sold as “new” as it relates to the warranty term. For such Products, the Supplier Limited Warranty period begins as of the date twelve (12) months from the purchase date of such Product by Dealer from Supplier. For such Products Dealer agrees to either (i) explicitly inform the end user purchaser of the new limited warranty termination date in writing; or (ii) indemnify Supplier for any warranty claims and expenses related to such Product; Obtain Supplier’s prior written approval of all material marketing and sales information, literature and labels relating to the Product, which Dealer shall ensure comply with all relevant governmental requirements; andNot under any circumstance directly or indirectly remotely access, control, modify or disable Products after installation at end user’s property without the prior written permission from such end user, including, but not limited to, disabling Products installed in an end user’s home in order to collect payment from such end user. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that any data or information related to the end users’ registration of the Products, or the use of the Products will be considered Supplier’s Confidential Information hereunder. Such information may only be used by Dealer for the sole purpose of selling or servicing the Products as set forth hereunder, and Dealer will abide by any applicable laws or regulations related to the transfer, processing or use of any personal information it provides to Supplier or receives from Supplier, and will assist Supplier in its compliance with any such applicable laws or regulations. Without in any manner prejudicing the right of Supplier to claim that any other breach or default of this Agreement on the part of Dealer constitutes a material breach or default, it is understood and agreed that the failure of Dealer to comply with the provisions of the foregoing subdivisions of this Section 14 shall constitute a material breach and default of this Agreement on the part of Dealer. Upon at least fifteen (15) days prior notice, Supplier may conduct (or have conducted) an audit of Dealer’s compliance with this Agreement. Such audits will not generally occur more than once in any annual period and the right to conduct such audits shall continue for one (1) year following termination of this Agreement. All privacy documentation can be found here. Limited Hardware Warranty 1. HARDWARE PRODUCT LIMITED WARRANTY. Snap One, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (“Company”) warrants to the original end user purchaser (“Customer”) of each new product manufactured by the Company (“Company Product”) that such Company Product hardware and components (“Product Hardware”), when used in accordance with the technical Spec Sheets furnished by Company, available with the Company Product or on the Company’s websites (“Documentation”), will be free, in all material respects, of defects in materials and workmanship under normal use (“Limited Warranty”). This Limited Warranty is non-transferable and sets forth the Company’s sole and exclusive liability, and the sole and exclusive remedies available in relation to any non-conformity, defect or similar claim. 2. 3rd PARTY PRODUCTS DISTRIBUTED BY COMPANY. THIS WARRANTY APPLIES TO PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED BY THE COMPANY. 3RD PARTY PRODUCTS DISTRIBUTED BY THE COMPANY ARE NOT SUBJECT TO THIS WARRANTY, BUT MAY BE ELIGIBLE FOR WARRANTY COVERAGE BY THE ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURER.WARRANTY INFORMATION FOR THE 3RD PARTY PRODUCTS THAT THE COMPANY SELLS, IF ANY, MAY BE PROVIDED ON THE RELEVANT PRODUCT PAGES AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE BY THE 3RD PARTY MANUFACTURER. Notwithstanding that the Company doesn’t provide a separate warranty for 3rd party products, for the convenience of the Customer, the Company may assist the Customer in the return process, provided the process outlined in Section 8 (Obtaining Warranty Service) is followed. 3. LIMITED WARRANTY TERM. The term of this Limited Warranty runs from the date that the Customer purchases the Company Product from an authorized Company dealer (“Dealer”) as shown by an invoice or sales receipt for the Product Hardware for a period as follows: (the “Hardware Warranty Period”) Control4 branded products, for a period of two years, but for: Control4 Vibrant Linear Lighting LED tape, extrusions and connectors, for a period of five yearsPakedge branded products, for a period of three yearsClare branded products, for a period of two yearsTriad branded products, for a period of two years, but for: Indoor speakers, for a period of ten years Powered subwoofers, subwoofer amplifiers and outdoor speakers, for a period of three years Distributed Audio Series 1, Series 2, or Series 3 branded speakers have a limited lifetime warranty, except for the grill, which is warranted for five yearsFor Wirepath branded bulk wire products, for the life of the productsFor all other Company brands, the term of the Limited Warranty be shall one year, unless a longer warranty period is specified on the specific product page on the Company’s website, https://www.snapav.com/shop/en/snapav/home. Customer must retain the appropriate documentation as proof of the purchase date. 4. EXCLUSIONS NOT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. This Limited Warranty does not cover, and the Company and its suppliers are not responsible for, any of the following: Damage, malfunction, or inoperability of the Company Product caused by:Shippers or delivery services, or due to Customer improperly opening the Company Product packaging;Operation, storage, or application of the Company Product outside of the environmental, temperature, and other specifications provided in the Documentation;Acts of God, including, but not limited to, flood, fire, earthquake, lightning, pandemic, electrical surges, or any other external cause;Any act beyond the Company’s direct control, including, but not limited to, unauthorized repair or installation by Customer or 3rd party, accident, abuse, misuse, neglect, use of incompatible devices and accessories, improper installation, operating the Company Product outside the permitted or intended uses provided in the Documentation, or any other reason besides a defect in material or workmanship; Use of incorrect voltage lines, fuses, circuit breakers, or incompatible load types as set forth in the Documentation, or failure to provide adequate, continuous, and compatible power to the Company Product, if applicable;Interference from radio frequencies, infrared sources, or obstacles;Normal wear and tear, or failure to install, maintain, or repair the Company Product in accordance with the Documentation and the applicable provisions of law for the jurisdiction where the Company Product is being installed; Any product, part or software that has been modified to alter functionality or capability without the express written permission of Company; andBatteries and consumable parts (if any), unless damage occurred due to a defect in materials or workmanship in the Company Product.cosmetic damage, including, but not limited to, scratches, dents and normal wear and tear;Any Company Product in which the serial number has been altered, removed, or defaced;ANY DAMAGE, MALFUNCTION, OR INOPERABILITY ARISING FROM INSTALLATION, MAINTENANCE, OR PROGRAMMING PERFORMED BY AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEALER RECOMMENDED OR CERTIFIED BY COMPANY; any on-site labor costs incurred by Customer for the diagnosis, removal, repair, reinstallation, and/or reprograming of the Company Product;any non-Company hardware, including the functionality of 3rd party products controlled or automated by Company Products or Software; andthe cost of repairing or replacing, or compensation for, any property that is damaged when a Company Product does not work properly, even if the damage was caused by a Company Product (see Section 11(B) (Limitation of Company’s Liability) for additional details about this exclusion.) Notwithstanding this limitation to our standard Limited Warranty, we note that our surge protection products may qualify for additional protection for surge related damage pursuant to our Surge Protector Equipment and Connected Equipment Replacement Policy, which can be found at https://www.snapone.com/legal. Please check the relevant product page to see if the particular surge protection products is subject to this additional Policy. 5.ADDITIONAL WARRANTY LIMITATIONS. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT OPERATION OF THE COMPANY PRODUCTS WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE COMPANY PRODUCTS WILL IN EVERY CASE PROCESS ALL DATA CORRECTLY. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE COMPANY DOES NOT CONTROL CUSTOMER’S EQUIPMENT OR THE TRANSFER OF DATA OVER COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, INCLUDING THE INTERNET. THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND OTHER PROVIDERS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIMITATION, INTERRUPTIONS, DELAYS, CANCELLATIONS, DELIVERY FAILURES, DATA LOSS, CONTENT CORRUPTION, PACKET LOSS, OR OTHER DAMAGE INHERENT IN THE USE OF COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THE COMPANY PRODUCT TO BE IMMUNE FROM VIRUSES, INTRUSION OR ATTACK. The Company does not represent or warrant that product information will be available, accurate, or reliable. Customer uses all applicable product information, services, and the Company Product at Customer’s discretion and risk. Customer will be solely responsible for any and all loss, liability, or damages, including Customer’s appliances, plumbing, electrical wiring, wired or wireless networks, home, computers, mobile devices, and all other items in Customer’s residence or commercial property, resulting from Customer’s use of the Company Products, product information, or services, even if the damage was caused by Company Product (see Section 10 for additional details about these limitations). 6. 3rd PARTY CONTENT. From time to time, the Company may make available various 3rd party software services or other content (“3rd Party Content”). To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company expressly disclaims any and all warranties with respect to 3rd Party Content. Company makes no warranty that: The 3rd Party Content will meet your requirements;The 3rd Party Content will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free;The results from the use of the 3rd Party Content will be effective, accurate, or reliable; orThe quality of the 3rd Party Content will meet Customer’s expectations. 7. UNINTENDED USE DISCLAIMER. COMPANY PRODUCTS ARE NOT INTENDED OR LICENSED FOR, AND COMPANY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR USE OF THE COMPANY PRODUCTS IN, CRITICAL CONTROL, ONLINE CONTROL EQUIPMENT, HAZARDOUS, HIGH RISK OR FAIL-SAFE ACTIVITY, SUCH AS IN THE OPERATION OF DIRECT LIFE-SUPPORT MACHINES, MEDICAL EQUIPMENT, WEAPONS SYSTEMS, OR OTHER USES IN WHICH FAILURE OF THE COMPANY SYSTEM COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. 8. OBTAINING WARRANTY SERVICE. In order to obtain warranty service, Customer must submit a valid claim to the Company. To submit a valid claim, a Customer must complete the following requirements (all together, a “Valid Claim”): Provide written notice to an authorized Dealer (or, if you purchased the product directly from the Company, to Company’s Customer Service Department) that describes the location of the Company Product and nature of the non-conformity, and includes proof of the Customer’s purchase date (“Notice”);Provide such NoticeWithin the Hardware Warranty Period, andWithin thirty (30) days of discovery of the non-conformity;Obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (“RMA”) number from the authorized Dealer; and Securely pack and ship the defective Company Product to the authorized Dealer that provided the RMA (with Customer assuming all costs and risks associated with transportation)Within thirty (30) days from the date the RMA was issued (RMA numbers may be cancelled if the Company Product is not received by the authorized Dealer within the thirty (30) day period), andWith the RMA number clearly marked on the outside of each box being returned. Any shipment that does not meet all of the Valid Claim requirements may be refused by the Company. The Company is not responsible for any refused shipments or any damage caused due to shipping, whether or not it was a Valid Claim. Customer shall be responsible for return shipment charges for the Company Product returned where Company determines there is no defect with the Company Product, or that Company Product is not eligible for warranty service under this Limited Warranty. Compliance with these requirements is a condition to coverage under this Limited Warranty. Upon receipt of a Valid Claim, the Company will, at its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by law, either Repair the Product Hardware defect, at no charge, using new or refurbished replacement parts;Exchange the applicable Company Product with a product that is new or which has been manufactured from new or serviceable used parts and is at least functionally equivalent to the Company Product, or;Refund the Company Product purchase price paid by Customer.A replacement product or part that has been provided by the Company assumes the remaining Hardware Warranty Period (plus the period from the date the Company Product is shipped for warranty service until the return date when the Company Product is received by the Customer after undergoing warranty service) of the original Product Hardware or 90 days from the date of replacement or repair, whichever provides longer coverage to Customer. When a product or part is exchanged, any replacement item becomes Customer’s property, and the replaced item becomes the Company’s property. When a refund is given, the Company Product for which the refund is provided must be returned to the Company, and it becomes the Company’s property. 9. BACKUP. Before Customer delivers the Company Product for warranty service, it is Customer’s responsibility to keep a separate backup copy of the contents and disable security passwords (if any). THE CONTENTS OF CUSTOMER’S PRODUCT MAY BE DELETED AND THE STORAGE MEDIA REFORMATTED IN THE COURSE OF WARRANTY SERVICE. The Company Product will be returned to Customer configured as originally purchased, subject to applicable updates. Recovery and reinstallation of software programs and user data are not covered under this Limited Warranty. 10. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY FOR A COMPANY PRODUCT THAT EXISTS BY OPERATION OF THE LAW AND CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUALITY OF SERVICE OR RESULTS, AVAILABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND ACCURACY, IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE TERM OF THE HARDWARE WARRANTY PERIOD FOR THAT COMPANY PRODUCT. UPON EXPIRATION OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, INCLUDING EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS THAT TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, COMMENCING ON THE APPLICABLE COMPANY LIMITED WARRANTY EXPIRATION DATE, ALL COMPANY PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, AND COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPANY PRODUCTS, WHETHER IMPLIED, EXPRESS, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUALITY OF SERVICE OR RESULTS, AVAILABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, ACCURACY AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. 11. (A) LIMITATION OF CUSTOMER REMEDIES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY: SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO A BREACH OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, OR CUSTOMER OPERATION OR USE OF THE COMPANY PRODUCTS THROUGH CUSTOMER’S ACCOUNT OR BY ANYONE ELSE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES ARISING FROM LOSS OF DATA, CONTENT OR PROGRAMMING, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT OR SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FAILURE TO REALIZE SAVINGS OR OTHER BENEFITS, DAMAGE TO GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT, AND CLAIMS AGAINST CUSTOMER BY ANY THIRD PERSON, EVEN IF SNAP ONE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; DAMAGES (REGARDLESS OF THEIR NATURE) FOR ANY DELAY OR FAILURE BY THE COMPANY TO PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY DUE TO ANY CAUSE BEYOND THE COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL;ANY CLAIMS OF IP INFRINGMENT WHERE CUSTOMER PERSISTS IN USING A VERSION OF THE PRODUCT OTHER THAN THE MOST CURRENT VERSION, OR WHERE PRODUCTS ARE MODIFIED, COMBINED, OR SOLD WITHOUT THE COMPANY’S EXPRESS PERMISSION; ORCLAIMS MADE A SUBJECT OF A LEGAL PROCEEDING AGAINST THE COMPANY MORE THAN ONE YEAR AFTER ANY SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION FIRST AROSE. (B) LIMITATION OF COMPANY’S LIABILITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, THE COMPANY’S AND ITS SUPPLIERS’ LIABILITIES UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY TO CUSTOMER OR TO THIRD PARTIES, WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT LAW, TORT LAW, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES NOT TO EXCEED THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE COMPANY FOR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY PRODUCTS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. AS STATED ABOVE, COMPANY IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY PRODUCT WARRANTIES FOR GOODS MANUFACTURED BY THIRD PARTIES, EVEN THOSE SOLD OR DISTRIBUTED BY COMPANY. THIRD PARTY WARRANTY CLAIMS SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO AND COVERED BY THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURER. THE COMPANY WAIVES AND DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR WARRANTIES ISSUED BY THIRD PARTY MANUFACTURERS AND CLAIMS MADE TO THIRD PARTY MANUFACTURERS. CUSTOMER UNDERSTAND THAT THESE LIMITATIONS OF THE COMPANY’S AND ITS SUPPLIERS’ LIABILITY ARE A FUNDAMENTAL PART OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.Additionally, this provision is not intended to limit the Company’s liability in the event of Company’s willful or intentional misconduct. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to every Customer. 12. LEGAL PROCEDURES. To the extent permitted by law, this Limited Warranty will be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to its conflict of laws rules. CUSTOMER AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN THEM MAY BE HEARD ONLY IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS IN THE STATE OF UTAH, AND CUSTOMER CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS OF UTAH, AND HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH VENUES. The U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Limited Warranty. If any provision of this Limited Warranty is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder shall have full force and effect, and the invalid provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law to effectuate the purposes of this Limited Warranty. Any of the provisions of this Limited Warranty may be waived by the party entitled to the benefit thereof. 13. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. NO RESELLER, VENDOR, DISTRIBUTOR, DEALER, RETAILER, SALES PERSON IS AUTHORIZED BY THE COMPANY TO MODIFY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY OR TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR PROMISE ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY WHICH IS IN ADDITION TO, DIFFERENT FROM, OR INCONSISTENT WITH THE WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR PROMISES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. A current version of this Limited Warranty can be found by visiting https://www.snapone.com/legal. 14. SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONAL EXCEPTIONS. This Limited Warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other specific legal rights which vary from state to state and in countries other than the United States. 15. HARD COPY. For a hard copy of this Limited Warranty and any materials referenced here in, please contact Product Support at (866) 838-5052. Conflict Minerals Policy Economic activities often have a global effect, and as a player in the international economy, Snap One is committed to maintaining high ethical and moral standards, including the responsible sourcing of our products. Several minerals, including tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (3TG), mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries, have been found to fund and promote human rights violations and acts of violence and are referred to as “conflict minerals.” Snap One is opposed to such atrocities and is committed to work to discourage the use of any of these conflict minerals in our products. Snap One does not directly purchase or source the raw metals used in our products. For this reason, tracing the minerals in our supply chain is a complex process. We do not have complete visibility into the sources of all component minerals; however, we have implemented and continue to refine due diligence processes to determine whether the materials provided by our suppliers contain conflict minerals, and we engage with our suppliers to promote responsible sourcing practices and to promote the use of conflict-free minerals in our supply chain. To accomplish this goal, Snap One will:‍ Comply with the conflict minerals reporting rules adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act.Include provisions in our supplier agreements requiring that each supplier comply with all applicable conflict mineral laws. Annually request that all suppliers of Snap One products provide to Snap One a report on the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template developed by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI).If a supplier is found to be using conflict minerals, Snap One will work to encourage them to find new sources for the minerals and make deliberate progress towards sourcing only conflict-free minerals. Snap One may determine it is in the best interest of the Company and its stakeholders to restrict or terminate our business with any company that refuses to provide requested information or help Snap One in its efforts to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act. As a leading provider of smart living products, services and software, Snap One will continue to strive to promote the protection of fundamental human rights in the sourcing of raw materials for its products. © 2023 Snap One, LLC. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of this website implies acceptance of Snap One's Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Phone Email © 2023 Snap One, LLC. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Use of this website implies acceptance of the Snap One Policy and Privacy Policy. We use cookies on our site to enhance user experience and assist in our marketing efforts.To customize your settings, click "Cookie Settings". To find out more about our use of cookies read our privacy policy. Privacy and Cookie Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label