Privacy Overview Here is a quick snapshot of how OneTrust and its affiliates collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information. To learn more about our commitment to privacy you can read our full privacy notice . What Personal Information we collect and why Clear Filters Contact information First Name, Last Name, Email, Job Title, Company To request a demo or trial of our product, register for one of our events, and/or setup a user account. Usage Website Activity, Cookies, Login To enhance customer experience, to prevent and investigate fraudulent or non-authorized activity, and/or to support our marketing efforts. We collect information that you provide to us directly, including contact information, such as first name, last name, e-mail address, job title and company name, as well as other information that could be on your business card (such as your company address and phone number) when you visit our website or talk to us at a conference or other event, or if you are a customer. We use the information you provide to deliver our products and services, to send you some privacy and/or security content that we make available on our website and that you requested, or to get in touch with you about a demo/trial. We also use it to support our marketing efforts, including contacting you to provide additional information on our products and services. For customers, we use it to set up your customer account. We also collect some information automatically: when you visit our website (such as your device’s IP address, what pages your device visited) or when you use our services (usage information, log information and information collected by cookies and other similar technologies). We use information we collect automatically to administer our website and enhance your visitor experience, for our marketing efforts to serve ads across websites, and for security purposes. Read our full privacy notice . With whom we share your Personal Information and why Clear Filters Vendors We work with vendors to perform tasks on our behalf. OneTrust companies To provide 24/7 support to our customers. To support our global marketing activities. Event sponsors Some events will require you to opt-in for us to share your information with our event sponsors. In all instances, you have the right to opt-out at any time. We do not sell personal information for monetary consideration. However, we do share or disclose personal information that could be considered a ‘sale’ under the California Consumer Privacy Act (amended by the California Privacy Rights Act). We may share and disclose information (including personal information) in the following limited circumstances: with vendors who perform tasks on our behalf (these companies include, for example, our payment processing providers, website analytics companies, product feedback or help desk software providers, CRM service providers, and email service providers, event sponsor when you attend an event or webinar organized by OneTrust (such as PrivacyConnect), between OneTrust group companies to provide support globally for purposes consistent with our privacy notice, or in the context of a business transfer. We may share personal information where required by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities. To learn about our policies for handling government and law enforcement requests, visit our Transparency page. Read our full Privacy Notice .We also collect some information automatically: when you visit our website (such as your device’s IP address, what pages your device visited) or when you use our services (usage information, log information and information collected by cookies and other similar technologies). We use information we collect automatically to administer our website and enhance your visitor experience, for our marketing efforts to serve ads across websites, and for security purposes. Read our full privacy notice . What privacy rights you have over your Personal Information Clear Filters Direct marketing Adjust your settings or unsubscribe from marketing communications. Website cookies Change your cookie preferences at any time. Data subject rights Exercise your privacy rights by submitting a data subject request. You can always choose not to disclose information to us, but it may impact your navigation or use of our products and services. Otherwise, you can always update your cookie preferences in our cookie preference center and unsubscribe from our marketing communications by following the “unsubscribe” link in the e-mail we send (that will not unsubscribe you from service-related non-promotional communications if you have an account using our services). Additionally, data subjects located in the EU have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Those rights include, for example, the right to access the personal data we hold about you; the right to rectify inaccurate data; the right to erasure (right to be forgotten) if you want all your personal data deleted from our systems; the right to restriction of processing if you want us to stop processing your personal data; and the right to withdraw consent when you have provided it to us to authorize processing of your personal data. You can exercise those rights by filling out this Web Form directly. Additionally, data subjects who are California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). These rights include: the right to request access to your personal information we hold about you, which includes the right to request specific pieces of personal information; the rights to deletion of your personal information from our systems; and the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. You can exercise those rights by filling out this Web Form directly. You can also exercise your rights by sending an email to: dpo@onetrust.com To learn more about your rights under the CCPA, you can access the CCPA Portal here . Read our full privacy notice . How we secure your Personal Information Clear Filters ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and 27701:2019 Certified OneTrust LLC’s Integrated Management System (IMS) is ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and ISO/IEC 27701:2019 certified. SOC 2 OneTrust, LLC and OneTrust Technology Limited have been audited and received a SOC 2 report addressing the security, confidentiality, and availability of OneTrust’s services. We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Some of those measures include limiting which of our employees have access to the information on a need to know basis or to provide you with our products and services, subjecting our employees to privacy and security training, confidentiality requirements, and conducting security testing on a regular basis. Read our full privacy notice . Full privacy notice For more details, read our complete privacy notice . Questions? Contact our DPO Exercise your rights Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested.Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelRegulations & FrameworksCCPAGDPRLGPDCNILSingapore PDPAThailand PDPA BlogAbout UsRequest DemoContact Us December 14, 2016 Draft EU ePrivacy Regulation Leaked A draft of the proposed legislation to replace the outdated EU ePrivacy Directive was leaked on the Politico.eu (PDF) website this week. The proposal is for a much stricter regime, requiring prior consent for cookies and any kind of online tracking techniques. Fines for failure to comply may reach as high as 4% of a company’s global revenues. The proposed new instrument will be a directly applicable Regulation, and is intended to harmonise communications privacy rules with the wider GDPR. Unlike the GDPR there will be only a 6 month lead in period from the law being passed, which will not give much time for business to react. The revised rules are particularly aimed at what the legislators call the ‘surreptitious monitoring’ of online behaviour, and will have a big impact on third party cookies and tracking that enables often invisible companies to build up profiles of web users internet activity. There are some changes that will be welcomed by website owners, most notably that web analytics will be exempt from the requirement for consent. A lot of emphasis is placed on encouraging web browsers to take more active role in mediating consent to avoid the need for overly intrusive pop-ups, but this will rely on some significant changes to the way most browsers currently work – so it remains to be seen whether they will be willing and able to take on such responsibilities. What is very likely however is that the Do Not Track setting in browsers will take on more significance than it has to date. As with the GDPR, the new ePrivacy Regulation will have significant extra territorial effects, and will require websites around the world to respect the rights of EU based visitors. WordPressAdministrator Recent Posts January 13, 2017 GDPR and now the proposed E-Privacy Regulation mean a stricter regime for cookie compliance, web governance and use of online tracking technologies. Join p... December 14, 2016 A draft of the proposed legislation to replace the outdated EU ePrivacy Directive was leaked on the Politico.eu (PDF) website this week. The proposal is fo... November 3, 2016 Are you one of those people that ticked the cookie law box ages ago and not thought about it since? Well the game has changed and now is the time to re-vis... September 21, 2016 We are pleased to announce that Optanon, along with parent company Governor Technology, has been acquired by OneTrust.... Be in the Know Subscribe to our newsletter By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Notice Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View CookiesRegulations & FrameworksCCPAGDPRLGPDCNILSingapore PDPAThailand PDPA BlogAbout UsRequest DemoContact Us January 13, 2017 Future of EU Cookie Compliance Webinar: GDPR & the E-Privacy Regulation As reported before Christmas last year on this site, a draft of the proposed new E-Privacy Regulation has been made public. The proposal is for a much stricter regime, requiring prior consent for cookies and any kind of tracking techniques. As with GDPR, fines for failure to comply may reach as high of 4% of a company’s global revenues. Unlike the GDPR, there will only be a 6-month lead-in period from the law being passed, which does not give much time for business and public bodies to react. To help organisations meet this challenge, we are hosting a Webinar about the future of EU Cookie Compliance on 19th January, featuring privacy experts from Hogan Lovells, Blackrock and OneTrust. We will discuss the impact of both GDPR and the E-Privacy Directive. Learn more about the Speakers and register here : WordPressAdministrator Recent Posts January 13, 2017 GDPR and now the proposed E-Privacy Regulation mean a stricter regime for cookie compliance, web governance and use of online tracking technologies. Join p... December 14, 2016 A draft of the proposed legislation to replace the outdated EU ePrivacy Directive was leaked on the Politico.eu (PDF) website this week. The proposal is fo... November 3, 2016 Are you one of those people that ticked the cookie law box ages ago and not thought about it since? Well the game has changed and now is the time to re-vis... September 21, 2016 We are pleased to announce that Optanon, along with parent company Governor Technology, has been acquired by OneTrust.... Be in the Know Subscribe to our newsletter By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Notice Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View Cookies