Disney XD's Marvel Spider-man Maximum Venom GIVEAWAY RULES The following are the rules ("Rules") for the Disney XD's Marvel Spider-man Maximum Venom giveaway (the "Giveaway") being administered by 9329994 Canada Inc. (together with its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, related companies, successors and assigns, collectively "Corus") 1. ELIGIBILITY To be eligible for the Giveaway, entrants must be legal residents of Canada, excluding the province of Quebec and must be of the age of majority or older at the time of entry in their province or territory of residence. Employees of Corus, related advertising and promotional agencies, prize suppliers and the household members of any of the above are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. 2. GIVEAWAY PERIOD The Giveaway shall run from Monday, April 20, 2020 at 10:00am to Sunday, May 3, 2020 at 11:59pm (the "Giveaway Period") after which time no further entries will be considered. 3. HOW TO ENTER NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. To enter, entrants must complete and submit the online entry form located at https://www.disneyxd.ca/spiderman-giveaway (the "Giveaway Website"). Limit of one (1) entry per person, per 24-hour period during the Giveaway Period. In the event of a dispute as to who submitted an electronic entry, the entry will be deemed to have been submitted by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with the entry. "Authorized account holder" of an e-mail address is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, on-line service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. Any entrant may be required to provide Corus with proof that they are the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with their entry. 4. PRIZES There are three (3) prizes (each a "Prize", collectively, the "Prizes") available to be won, each consisting of: (a) One (1) NERF Power Moves Marvel Spider-Man Web Blast Web Shooter; (b) Four (4) Marvel Spider-Man Bend and Flex Action Figure Toy; (c) One (1) Spider-Man Maximum Venom Titan Hero Venom Action Figure; (d) Two (2) Spider-Man Maximum Venom Titan Hero; and (e) One (1) Marvel's Spider-Man Maximum Venom, Venom Mask Role Play Toy The approximate value of each Prize is one hundred and forty three Canadian dollars (CDN$143). Winners are not entitled to monetary difference between actual Prize value and stated approximate Prize value, if any. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if a Prize or any part thereof cannot be awarded for any reason. The Prizes are not transferable and not redeemable for cash, will not be extended under any circumstances and must be accepted as offered without substitution. Winners will be responsible for any expense not explicitly included in the Prize. Prizes will be distributed within ten (15) business days after each winner has been successfully contacted and fulfilled the requirements set out herein. Corus shall not assume any liability for a lost, damaged or misdirected Prize. 5. SELECTION OF WINNERS On Monday, May 4, 2020 in Toronto, Ontario, three (3) entrants will be selected by a random draw from all eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. Each selected entrant will be notified by e-mail within five (5) business days after the end of the Giveaway Period. The selected entrants must respond to the notification within five (5) business days. If a selected entrant does not respond in the allotted time, he/she will be disqualified and will not receive a Prize and another entrant may be randomly selected from the pool of eligible entries in Corus' sole discretion. Corus shall be in no way responsible for the failure, for any reason whatsoever, of a selected entrant to receive notification or for Corus' failure to receive a selected entrant's response. The odds of being selected as a potential winner are dependent upon the number of eligible entries received by Corus during the Giveaway Period. Before being declared a winner, the selected entrant(s) will be required to: (i) correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question to be administered during a pre-arranged telephone call or by e-mail; (ii) comply with the Rules; and (iii) may be required to sign and return the Release (described below). 6.RELEASE The winner(s) may be required to execute a winner release form ("Release"), as determined by Corus in its sole discretion, that confirms winner's: (i) eligibility for the Giveaway; (ii) acceptance of the Prize as offered; (iii) release of Corus and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and/or related companies and each of their employees, directors, officers, suppliers, agents, sponsors, administrators, licensees, representatives, advertising, media buying and promotional agencies and prize suppliers (collectively, the "Releasees") from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway or the acceptance, use, or misuse of the Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom; and (iv) grants to Corus of the unrestricted right, in Corus' sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winner's name, image, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof. The executed Release must be returned within two (2) business days of the date indicated on the accompanying letter of notification or the verification as a winner or the selected entrant will be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. 7. GENERAL By participating in the Giveaway, each entrant: (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) Agrees to abide by these Rules and the decisions of Corus which shall be final and binding in all respects. Entrants who have not complied with these Rules are subject to disqualification; Releases and holds harmless the Releasees from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to the entrant or any other person, including personal injury, death, or property damage, resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any Prize, participation in the Giveaway, any breach of the Rules, or any Prize-related activity; Agrees to fully indemnify Releasees from any and all claims by third parties relating to the entrant's participation in the Giveaway, without limitation; and If selected as a winner, agrees that his/her name may be used in any and all forms of media, without any further compensation by Corus and waives all rights (including moral rights) with respect to printed, broadcast and other forms of publicity. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the Giveaway, in whole or part, and/or modify, amend or suspend the Giveaway, and/or these Rules in any way, at any time, for any reason without prior notice. Personal information collected during the course of the Giveaway shall be used by Corus and its authorized representatives solely for the purposes of conducting the Giveaway and awarding Prize(s) and will not be used or disclosed for any other purpose unless required by law. Corus will use the entrant's personal information only for identified purposes, and protect the entrant's personal information in a manner that is consistent with the Corus Privacy Policy at: https://www.corusent.com/privacy-policy/ The Giveaway is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by any social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been promoted and/or publicized and any personal information provided by an entrant is being provided to Corus. Any questions or comments regarding the Giveaway must be directed to Corus and not to any of the social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been advertised The Giveaway is subject to all applicable laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.*AMENDED AUG 12/19* THE WIGGLES "PARTY TIME TOUR" TICKET GIVEAWAY CONTEST RULES THE WIGGLES "PARTY TIME TOUR" TICKET GIVEAWAY CONTEST (THE "CONTEST") WILL BE CONDUCTED IN CANADA ONLY AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND EVALUATED ACCORDING TO APPLICABLE CANADIAN LAW. NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY. PARTICIPANTS MUST BE OF THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN THEIR PROVINCE OR TERRITORY OF RESIDENCE OR OLDER AT THE TIME OF ENTRY. VOID IN WHOLE OR PART WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. ENTRY IN THIS CONTEST CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE CONTEST RULES (THE "CONTEST RULES"). 1. ELIGIBILITY. 1.1 To be eligible for this Contest, an individual must: (a) (b) (c) be a legal resident of Canada; be of the age of majority in his/her province or territory of residence or older at the time of entry; and if selected as potential Winner (as defined in Section 4.1 below) be willing and able to participate in the Prize (as defined in Section 4.1 below) between September 22, 2019 and October 30, 2019 in either Halifax, St Johns, Glace Bay, Moncton, Montreal, Cornwall, Ottawa, Brampton, Kingston, Toronto, Belleville, Kitchener, Oshawa, London, Hamilton, Winnipeg, Burlington, Peterborough, Sudbury, Winnipeg, Brandon, Regina, Saskatoon, Lloydminster, Edmonton, Calgary, Vancouver or Abbotsford (each a "Location"). Prize does not include transportation to and from Location. 1.2 The following people are not eligible to enter the Contest: (a) (b) (c) Employees of YTV Canada, Inc., its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, related companies, successors and assigns (collectively "Corus"); Employees of The Wiggles Pty Limited, its affiliates, subsidiaries, related companies, successors and assigns (collectively, "Wiggles", together with Corus, the "Sponsors"); Any person who has been confirmed as a winner of two (2) Corus administered contests within six (6) months preceding the Contest start date indicated below; and (d) The household members of any of the parties listed in Section (a) to (c) above. 1.3 The Sponsors shall have the right at any time to require proof of identity and/or eligibility to participate in the Contest. Failure to provide such proof may result in disqualification. All personal and other information requested by and supplied to the Sponsors for the purpose of the Contest must be truthful, complete, accurate and in no way misleading. The Sponsors reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to disqualify any entrant should such an entrant at any stage supply information that does not meet these requirements. 2. CONTEST PERIOD. The Contest begins at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time ("EDT") on August 9, 2019 and ends at 11:59 p.m. EDT on September 2, 2019 (the "Contest Period") after which time the Contest will be closed and no further entries shall be accepted. 3. HOW TO ENTER. 3.1 There is no purchase necessary to enter the Contest. To enter, complete and submit the entry form located at http://ngx.me/3cKCaHB (the "Contest Microsite"). No entries will be accepted by any other means. 3.2 Limit of one (1) entry per person, per twenty-four hour period. In the case of multiple entries, only the first eligible entry will be considered. 3.3 All entries, become the sole property of the Sponsors and will not be returned for any reason. Entries must be received no later than the end of the Contest Period. Entries will be declared invalid if they are late, illegible, incomplete, damaged, irregular, mutilated, forged, garbled or mechanically or electronically reproduced. Unless otherwise set out herein, no communication or correspondence will be exchanged with entrants except with those selected as a potential winner. 3.4 Entries received online shall be deemed to be submitted by the authorized account holder of the e- mail address associated with the entry. For the purpose of the Contest Rules, "authorized account holder" of an e-mail address is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, on-line service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. Any entrant may be required to provide the Sponsors with proof that they are the authorized account holder of the e-mail address associated with their entry. 4. PRIZE. 4.1 There is one (1) prize (the "Prize") available to be won by the Prize winner ("Winner") consisting of four (4) tickets to the Wiggles Party Time Tour at the Location, as chosen by Winner. 4.2 The Prize has an approximate value of two hundred forty Canadian dollars (CDN $240.00). 4.3 Winner is not entitled to monetary difference between actual Prize value and stated approximate Prize value, if any. 4.4 Winner may claim Prize at the will call window of the chosen Location, on the applicable performance day, within two (2) hours of the show start, once such Winner has been successfully contacted and notified of his/her Prize and fulfilled the requirements set out herein. 5. PRIZE CONDITIONS.5.1 Winner must be available to travel to the Location and participate in the Prize on a date between September 22, 2019 and October 30, 2019, as determined by the tour schedule. Should Winner be unable to travel and participate on the dates and times designated by the Sponsors, the Prize will be forfeited and awarded to an alternate winner. For further clarity, the Prize does not include transportation to the Location. 5.2 Prize must be accepted as awarded and cannot be transferred, assigned, substituted or redeemed for cash, except at the sole discretion of the Sponsors. Any unused, unclaimed or declined portion of the Prize will be forfeited, have no cash value and the Sponsors shall have no obligation to provide either an alternative or value-in-kind. The Sponsors reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if the Prize (or any portion thereof) cannot be awarded for any reason. 5.3 Shipped Prizes shall not be insured and the Sponsors shall not assume any liability for lost, damaged or misdirected Prizes. 6. WINNER SELECTION. 6.1 One (1) Winner shall be selected as follows: (a) (b) On or about September 4, 2019 in Toronto, Ontario, one (1) entrant will be selected by a random draw from all eligible entries received during the Contest Period. The odds of being selected as a potential winner are dependent upon the number of eligible entries received by Corus. Before being declared a Winner, the selected entrant shall be required to correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question to be administered during a pre-arranged telephone call or by e-mail, to comply with the Contest Rules and to sign and return the Release (described in Section 7 below). THE SELECTED ENTRANT WILL BE NOTIFIED BY E-MAIL NO LATER THAN SEPTEMBER 6, 2019 AT 5:00 P.M. EDT AND MUST RESPOND WITHIN FIVE (5) BUSINESS DAYS OF NOTIFICATION. Upon notification, the selected entrant must respond by telephone or e-mail (as specified in the notification) to the contact number or e-mail address provided no later than the indicated deadline set out in the Contest Rules and/or the notification. If the selected entrant does not respond accordingly, he/she will be disqualified and will not receive the Prize and another entrant may be selected in the Sponsors' sole discretion until such time as an entrant satisfies the terms set out herein. The Sponsors are not responsible for the failure for any reason whatsoever of a selected entrant to receive notification or for the Sponsors to receive a selected entrant's response. (c) If, as a result of an error relating to the entry process, drawing or any other aspect of the Contest, there are more selected entrants than contemplated in these Contest Rules, there will be a random draw amongst all eligible Prize claimants after the Contest's closing date to award the correct number of Prizes. 7. RELEASE. Potential Winner will be required to execute a legal agreement and release ("Release") that confirms potential Winner's: (i) eligibility for the Contest and compliance with these Contest Rules; (ii) acceptance of the Prize as offered; (iii) release of each of the Sponsors and each of their employees, directors, officers, suppliers, agents, sponsors, administrators, licensees, representatives, advertising, media buying and promotional agencies (collectively, the "Releasees") from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Contest, participation in any Contest-related activity or the acceptance, use, or misuse of any Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom; and (iv) grant to the Sponsors of the unrestricted right, in the Sponsors' collective or individual discretion, to produce, reproduce, display, publish, convert, post, serve, broadcast, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the Winner's name, statements, image, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Contest and the promotion and exploitation thereof. The executed Release must be returned within two (2) business days of the date indicated on the accompanying letter of notification or the verification as a Winner or the selected entrant will be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. 8. INDEMNIFICATION BY ENTRANT.By entering the Contest, each entrant releases, indemnifies and holds Releasees harmless from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to the entrant or any other person, including personal injury, death, or property damage, resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from (a) their participation in the Contest or any Contest-related activity; (b) the acceptance, use, or misuse of any Prize; or (c) any breach of the Contest Rules. Each entrant agrees to fully indemnify the Releasees from any and all claims made by third parties relating to the entrant's participation in the Contest, without limitation. 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. The Sponsors assume no responsibility or liability for lost, late, unintelligible/illegible, falsified, damaged, misdirected or incomplete entries, notifications, responses, replies or any Release, or for any computer, online, software, telephone, hardware or technical malfunctions that may occur, including but not limited to malfunctions that may affect the transmission or non-transmission of an entry. The Sponsors are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Contest or by any technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Contest. The Sponsors assume no responsibility or liability in the event that the Contest cannot be conducted as planned for any reason, including reasons beyond the control of the Sponsors, such as infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or corruption of the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Contest and/or the Contest Microsite. 10. CONDUCT. By participating in the Contest, each entrant is deemed to have executed and agrees to be bound by the Contest Rules, which will be posted at the Contest Microsite and made throughout the Contest Period. Each entrant further agrees to be bound by the decisions of the Sponsors, which shall be final and binding in all respects. The Sponsors reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to disqualify any entrant found to be: (a) violating the Contest Rules; (b) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Contest and/or the Contest Microsite or any related promotional website; (c) violating the terms of service, conditions of use and/or general rules or guidelines of any Corus property or service; and/or (d) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass the Sponsors or any other person. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE CONTEST MICROSITE OR ANY RELATED WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE CONTEST MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, THE SPONSORS RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION. Winner and guests must at all times behave appropriately when taking part in the Prize and comply with the Contest Rules and any other rules or regulations in force at the Prize-related locations. The Sponsors reserve the right to remove from the Prize-related locations, any Winner and/or guests who break such rules and/or fail to behave appropriately and to disqualify such Winner and guests. Any disqualified Winner and/or guests will forfeit any un-awarded elements of the Prize. 11. PRIVACY / USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. 11.1 By participating in the Contest, each entrant: (i) grants to the Sponsors the right to use his/her name, city, province, age of majority confirmation, telephone number and e-mail address (collectively the "Personal Information") for the purpose of administering the Contest, including but not limited to contacting and announcing the Winner and coordinating the provision of the Prize; (ii) grants to the Sponsors the right to use his/her Personal Information for publicity and promotional purposes relating to the Contest, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further compensation unless prohibited by law; and (iii) acknowledges that the Sponsors may disclose his/her Personal Information to third-party agents and service providers of any of the Sponsors in connection with any of the activities listed in (i) and (ii) above. 11.2 By opting-in you consent to Corus using your Personal Information to contact you to promote draws and contests similar to the Contest, promote opportunities to subscribe to newsletters or promotional clubs, and notify you about related products or services. Corus will use the entrant's Personal Information only for identified purposes, and protect the entrant's Personal Information is consistent with Corus' Privacy Policy at: http://www.corusent.com/privacy-policy/. in a manner that 12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.All intellectual property, including but not limited to trade-marks, trade names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source code, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations is owned by the Sponsors and/or their affiliates. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owner is strictly prohibited. 13. TERMINATION. Subject to the jurisdiction of the Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux in Quebec, the Sponsors reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to terminate the Contest, in whole or in part, and/or modify, amend or suspend the Contest, and/or the Contest Rules in any way, at any time, for any reason without prior notice. 14. LAW. These are the official Contest Rules. The Contest is subject to applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws and regulations. The Contest Rules are subject to change without notice in order to comply with any applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws or the policy of any other entity having jurisdiction over the Sponsors. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of the Contest Rules or the rights and obligations as between the entrant and the Sponsors in connection with the Contest shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions that would cause the application of any other jurisdiction's laws. 15. DISCREPANCY. In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Contest Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Contest-related materials, including but not limited to the Contest entry form, or point of sale, television, print or online advertising, the terms and conditions of the Contest Rules shall prevail, govern and control. In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the English language version and the French language version of the Contest Rules, the English version shall prevail, govern and control. 16. FOR RESIDENTS OF QUEBEC. Any litigation respecting the conduct or organization of a publicity contest may be submitted to the Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux for a ruling. Any litigation respecting the awarding of a prize may be submitted to the Régie only for the purpose of helping the parties reach a settlement. 17. SOCIAL MEDIA. This Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by any social media platforms on which the Contest may have been promoted and/or publicized. Any questions, comments or complaints regarding the Contest must be directed to Corus.RISE OF THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES PHOTO GIVEAWAY RULES The following are the rules ("Rules") for the Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Photo giveaway (the "Giveaway") being administered by Corus Sales Inc. ("Corus") for the promotion of Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. 1. ELIGIBILITY To be eligible for the Giveaway, entrants must be legal residents of Canada, excluding the province of Quebec, be of the age of majority or older at the time of entry in their province or territory of residence, and have a valid Instagram and/or Twitter account at the time of entry. Parents or legal guardians must enter on behalf of any entrant under the age of majority, and sign on their behalf all necessary documentation in respect of this Giveaway, including entry forms and releases. Employees of Corus and its affiliates, subsidiaries, related companies, advertising and promotional agencies, prize suppliers and the household members of any of the above, are not eligible to participate in the Giveaway. 2. GIVEAWAY PERIOD The Giveaway shall run from August 30, 2018 at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time ("EDT") to September 3, 2018 at 11:59 p.m. EDT (the "Giveaway Period") after which time no further entries will be considered. 3. HOW TO ENTER NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. To enter, entrants must post a "turtle-inspired" photo and upload it to their Instagram or Twitter account with the hashtag #RiseofTMNTCanada (the "Post"). Limit of one (1) entry per person during the Giveaway Period. In the event of a dispute as to who submitted an electronic entry, the entry will be deemed to have been submitted by the authorized account holder of the Twitter or Instagram account associated with the entry. "Authorized account holder" of a Twitter or Instagram account is defined as the natural person who is assigned to a Twitter or Instagram account by the applicable social media platform. 4. PRIZE There is one (1) prize (the "Prize") available to be won, consisting of a RTMNT prize pack, which shall include: a) One (1) Epic Sewer Lair Playset; b) Nine (9) basic TMNT figures; c) Four (4) giant TMNT figures; d) One (1) turtle tank; and e) Four (4) TMNT ninja gears. The approximate value of the Prize is five hundred Canadian dollars (CDN$500.00). Winner is not entitled to monetary difference between actual Prize value and stated approximate Prize value, if any. Winner will be responsible for any expense not explicitly included in the Prize. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if a Prize or any part thereof cannot be awarded for any reason. The Prize is not transferable and not redeemable for cash, will not be extended under any circumstances and must be accepted as offered without substitution. Prize will be distributed within ten (10) business days after the winner has been successfully contacted and fulfilled the requirements set out herein. Corus shall not assume any liability for a lost, damaged or misdirected Prize. 5. SELECTION OF WINNER Upon completion of the Giveaway Period, one (1) entrant will be selected by a random draw from all eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. The selected entrant will be notified by a reply to their Post within five (5) business days after the end of the Giveaway Period. The selected entrant must respond to the notification within three (3) business days. If a selected entrant does not respond in the allotted time, he/she will be disqualified and will not receive a Prize and another entrant may be randomly selected from the pool of eligible entries in Corus' sole discretion. Corus shall be in no way responsible for the failure, for any reason whatsoever, of a selected entrant to receive notification or for Corus' failure to receive a selected entrant's response. The odds of being selected as a potential winner are dependent upon the number of eligible entries received by Corus during the Giveaway Period. Before being declared a winner, the selected entrant will be required to: (i) correctly answer, without assistance of any kind, whether mechanical or otherwise, a time-limited, mathematical skill-testing question to be administered during a pre-arranged telephone call or by e-mail; (ii) comply with the Rules; and (iii) may be required to sign and return the Release (described below). 6.RELEASE The winner may be required to execute a winner release form ("Release"), as determined by Corus in its sole discretion, that confirms winner's: (i) eligibility for the Giveaway; (ii) acceptance of the Prize as offered; (iii) release of Corus, Facebook, Twitter and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and/or related companies and each of their employees, directors, officers, suppliers, agents, sponsors, administrators, licensees, representatives, advertising, media buying and promotional agencies and prize suppliers (collectively, the "Releasees") from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway or the acceptance, use, or misuse of the Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom; and (iv) grants to Corus of the unrestricted right, in Corus' sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winner's name, image, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof. The executed Release must be returned within two (2) business days of the date indicated on the accompanying letter of notification or the verification as a winner or the selected entrant will be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. 7. GENERAL By participating in the Giveaway, each entrant: (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) Agrees to abide by these Rules and the decisions of Corus which shall be final and binding in all respects. Entrants who have not complied with these Rules are subject to disqualification; Releases and holds harmless the Releasees from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind to the entrant or any other person, including personal injury, death, or property damage, resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any Prize, participation in the Giveaway, any breach of the Rules, or any Prize-related activity; Agrees to fully indemnify Releasees from any and all claims by third parties relating to the entrant's participation in the Giveaway, without limitation; and If selected as a winner, agrees that his/her name may be used in any and all forms of media, without any further compensation by Corus and waives all rights (including moral rights) with respect to printed, broadcast and other forms of publicity. Corus reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the Giveaway, in whole or part, and/or modify, amend or suspend the Giveaway, and/or these Rules in any way, at any time, for any reason without prior notice. Personal information collected during the course of the Giveaway shall be used by Corus and its authorized representatives solely for the purposes of conducting the Giveaway and awarding Prize and will not be used or disclosed for any other purpose unless required by law. Corus will use the entrant's personal information only for identified purposes, and protect the entrant's Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with Corus Privacy Policy at: https://www.corusent.com/privacy-policy/. The Giveaway is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been advertised. Any personal information provided by an entrant is being provided to Corus and not Instagram or Twitter. Any questions or comments regarding the Giveaway must be directed to Corus and not to any of the social media platforms on which the Giveaway may have been advertised. By participating in the Giveaway, the winner agrees that his/her name may be used in any and all forms of media, without any further compensation by Corus and waives all rights (including moral rights) with respect to printed, broadcast and other forms of publicity. The Giveaway is subject to all applicable laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.