Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Use of the Site and Services is also governed by our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy , which are incorporated into these Tems by this reference. Availability of the Site and Disclaimers Any online facilities, tools, services, or information that Countly makes available through the Site is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis. We give no warranty that the Site and Services will be free of defects and/or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law, we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility, and satisfactory quality. Countly is under no obligation to update information on the Site. Whilst Countly uses reasonable endeavors to ensure that the Site and Services are secure and free of errors, viruses, and other malware, we give no warranty or guarantee in that regard and all Users take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details, and their computers. Countly accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Site or Services. Countly reserves the right to alter, suspend, or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the Site including, but not limited to, any products and/or services available. These Terms shall continue to apply to any modified version of the Site unless it is expressly stated otherwise. Limitation of Liability Nothing in these Terms will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from our or your negligence, as applicable; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of events beyond our reasonable control. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Countly accepts no liability for any of the following: any business losses, such as loss of profits, income, revenue, anticipated savings, business, contracts, goodwill, or commercial opportunities;loss or corruption of any data, database, or software;any special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage. General You may not transfer any of your rights under these Terms to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these Terms where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected. These Terms may be varied by us from time to time. Such revised terms will apply to the Site and Services from the date of publication. Users should check the Terms regularly to ensure familiarity with the then current version. These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersede all prior discussions, arrangements, or agreements that might have taken place in relation to the Terms. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to these Terms and no third party will have any right to enforce or rely on any provision of these Terms. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these Terms (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms will not be affected. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act, or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales and all disputes arising under the Agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts. Countly Ltd Details Countly Ltd is a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 8568329 whose registered address is 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH, and it operates the website www.count.ly. The registered VAT number of Countly Ltd is GB168599344. You can contact Countly Ltd by email at hello@count.ly. Privacy Policy Countly recognizes that your privacy is very important and we take it seriously. This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes how Countly Ltd ("Countly," "we," "our," or "us") collect, use, and share information in connection with your use of our websites (including www.count.ly and any subdomains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions), services, and applications (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to information our customers may process when using our Services. A customer’s processing of any information using our Services is specific to their implementation and governed by customer’s own privacy policy and the written agreements between Countly and the customer.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Countly’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at privacy@count.ly. Information We Collect We may collect and receive information about users of our Services ("users," "you," or "your") from various sources, including: (i) your use of the Services; (ii) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your "Account") if you register for the Services; and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners. Information We Collect When You Use Our Services When you use our Services , our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details. We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our Services. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the information referenced above may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Information You Provide We may ask for personal information, such as your: NameE-mail addressPhone / Mobile numberCompany name This data is considered “identifying information”, as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and only use it to help provide or improve this service. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. Information We Receive from Third Parties We may receive publicly available information about you from our third-party partners and combine it with data that we have about you. How We Collect Information We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it. Use of Information We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our Services in the future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymized versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports. We may use your personal details to contact you with updates about our Services, along with promotional content that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out of receiving promotional content, you can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided alongside any promotional correspondence from us. Data Processing and Storage We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users. We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security. If you request your personal information be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe. Cookies We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information. Third-party Access to Information We use third-party services for: Analytics trackingAdvertising and promotionContent marketingEmail marketingPayment processing These services may access our data solely for the purpose of performing specific tasks on our behalf. We do not share any personally identifying information with them without your explicit consent. We do not give them permission to disclose or use any of our data for any other purpose.We may, from time to time, allow limited access to our data by external consultants and agencies for the purpose of analysis and service improvement. This access is only permitted for as long as necessary to perform a specific function. We only work with external agencies whose privacy policies align with ours. We will refuse government and law enforcement requests for data if we believe a request is too broad or unrelated to its stated purpose. However, we may cooperate if we believe the requested information is necessary and appropriate to comply with legal process, to protect our own rights and property, to protect the safety of the public and any person, to prevent a crime, or to prevent what we reasonably believe to be illegal, legally actionable, or unethical activity. We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third parties. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties. Children’s Privacy Countly does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at privacy@count.ly. Limits of Our Policy This Privacy Policy only covers Countly's own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates, and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours, however we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices. Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices. Changes to This Policy This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through our Services, we will notify you through our Services, by email, or other communication. Your Rights and Responsibilities As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted. You may amend or remove your account information at any time, using the tools provided in your account control panel. You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at privacy@count.ly or contact us at our address 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH The data controller of your personal information is Countly Ltd. Cookie Policy We use cookies to help improve your experience of our websites (including www.count.ly and any subdomains of this site). This Cookie Policy is part of Countly's Privacy Policy, and covers the use of cookies between your device and our site. We also provide basic information on third-party services we may use, who may also use cookies as part of their service, though they are not covered by our policy. If you don’t wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from Countly, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired content and services. What is a Cookie? A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit, typically containing information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognise your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself. Cookies are used to enable certain features (for example, logging in), to track site usage (for example, analytics), to store your user settings (for example, timezone or notification preferences), and to personalise your content (for example, advertising or language). Cookies set by the website you are visiting are normally referred to as “first-party cookies”, and typically only track your activity on that particular site. Cookies set by other sites and companies (i.e., third parties) are called “third-party cookies”, and can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. Types of Cookies and How We Use Them Essential Cookies Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts, and payment processing.We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website. Performance Cookies Performance cookies are used in the tracking of how you use a website during your visit, without collecting personal information about you. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated with information tracked across all site users, to help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience’s overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use performance cookies on our site. Functionality Cookies Functionality cookies are used in collecting information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and timezone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced, or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party service. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site. Targeting/Advertising Cookies Targeting/Advertising cookies are used in determining what promotional content is more relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/Advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We use targeting/advertising cookies on our site. Third-party Cookies on our Site We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites—for example, analytics providers and content partners. We grant these third parties access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They may also set third-party cookies in order to deliver the services they are providing. Third-party cookies can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. As we have no control over third-party cookies, they are not covered by Countly's Cookie Policy. Our Third-party Privacy Promise We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours. We will never knowingly include third-party services that compromise or violate the privacy of our users. How You Can Control or Opt Out of Cookies If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie. If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device. Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.Product Product Overview Powerful analytics for web, mobile, and desktop in two Editions Why Countly? Secure and all-in-one insights for better decision making Features 70+ features for better customer journeys Privacy and Security Make user trust your most important asset Solutions SOLUTIONS BY INDUSTRIES Whatever you do or wherever you are, Countly has a solution for you Healthcare Financials Telecommunications Tech/SaaS Education Retail SOLUTIONS BY TEAMS The platform where all data and all teams come to thrive Product Teams Engineering Teams Sales Teams Marketing Teams Customer Success Teams Pricing Customers Resources Using Countly Everything you need to navigate through your data Documentation Contact Support Understanding Product Analytics Find ways to elevate your strategies and make every data point count Blog The Product-Led Story Request a Demo Designed for Data Privacy, by Default User-centered approaches that are as data secure and privacy-compliant as they get. Your user data and server is full compliance with data privacy regulations Including GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA, and other personal data protection rules around the world You are the sole owner, controller, and processor of data, without exceptions 100% Data ownership,️ 100% Control Committed to giving you complete control of your product and user data. Deploy a secure 360° view of your customers’ journeys and experiences 100% ownership of your data Complete ownership of data means that you get to choose where to store it and handle it. Get unlimited insights from your own data through Countly with our two deployment options: on-premise or private cloud. 100% control of your data Total control lets you pick and choose who has access to what and how you get to visualize it. With Countly, you get: Direct API and Database Access, Data at Rest Encryption and Individualized CRUD controls across features. How is Countly secure? Customizable Access Levels Manage access to features and data on an individual user basis. The three tiers of user roles ensure every Countly user will only see what they are supposed to.‍ No IP Address Storage Individual IP Addresses don’t get stored; instead they are converted to users' cities and then automatically discarded. And if you want, you can completely remove locational data altogether.‍ Login Security Strictly protect logins to Countly with strong passwords via HTTPS, which you can further expand with 2FA or SSOs. You can even ban users in the unlikely case of a brute force attack.‍ Secure Data Transmission Data collected from devices are sent over a secure channel, eliminating the possibility of intrusions or attacks.‍ ‘Do not track’ Feature Honor users’ right to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data, as mandated by GDPR. Countly gives you the ability to centralize all user choices and simply remove them, ad hoc and hassle free.‍ 'Right to be forgotten’ Rule If any user - namely EU citizens according to the GDPR, but applicable to your entire user base - so wishes, you can easily wipe out all their personal data in a few clicks.‍ How is Countly different from other product analytics vendors? Privacy by design. Secure by default. Unlock the power of privacy by design Learn more in our Product Documentation Discover → Check out our Blog Discover Ready to get started?Let’s talk. Talk to one of our analytics professionals to learn how Countly Enterprise can help your business become data driven. Request a Demo Product Company Resources Features Stay updated on the latest product analytics trends and Countly news. Sign up for our Newsletter. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. © 2023 Countly Ltd. All rights reserved. 🍪 We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.