Privacy Connecticut Consumer Privacy At Cox, we believe your personal information is just that, personal, and we take seriously the responsibility of protecting the information you share with us. We are committed to: Providing clear, prior notice regarding how your information will be used | Storing your personal information securely | Helping you exercise your data privacy rights Below you’ll find everything you need to know in order to submit a privacy rights request. Right to access As a resident of Connecticut, you have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and to access personal data we maintain about you, including obtaining a copy of your personal data. Right to delete As a resident of Connecticut, you have the right to request that we delete your personal data, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may need to retain your personal data to deliver your services, to identify or repair errors in functionality, to prevent fraud or illegal activity, or to comply with a legal obligation, among other allowed purposes. Right to correct As a resident of Connecticut, you have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes for which we process it. Right to opt-out As a resident of Connecticut, you have the right to opt out of (a) the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, (b) the sale of your personal data, and (c) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Right to contest Sometimes we are unable to process requests relating to your personal data, in which case, your request will be denied. As a resident of Connecticut whose personal data request has previously been denied by us and you believe we denied it in error, you have the right to appeal. If you’d like to exercise any of these rights, please click the button below. If you’d prefer to make a request over the phone, please call (800)-699-0885 (service hours are Monday-Friday, 8am - 5pm Eastern Standard Time, except holidays). Please note that we will verify your identity before we fulfill your request. This helps us to protect our customers’ personal information against fraudulent requests. For general information about our privacy practices and your rights as a Connecticut resident, visit www.cox.com/Privacy-Connecticut . Make a request Data privacy FAQs For general overview information about Cox's privacy policies, visit www.cox.com/privacy . What is considered personal information? Personal information (also called personal data) is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. Examples include a name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, Internet activity, and geolocation data. Information that is deidentified or publicly available is not considered personal information. What personal information does Cox collect and why do we collect it? In our Privacy Notice , we describe the personal information that we collect. Generally, we collect personal information that helps us manage your accounts and services, create and deliver a great customer experience, and market and advertise our services. The specific information we collect depends on the nature of your relationship with us. We collect personal information directly from you as well as from third-party vendors and service providers, including data providers. I never had Cox services. Do you have my personal information? If you never had Cox services, we may still have personal information about you or your household. Typically, this would be demographic information that we collect from third-party vendors and service providers that we use to market our services to you. We also collect information about visitors to our websites, whether or not they are our customers. How do I find out what personal information you have about me? If you would like to know what personal information we have about you, you can submit a request as described above. Please note that due to technical limitations on how our systems function, if you have lived at more than one address in a Cox service area in the last 12 months, you will need to submit a separate request for a Personal Information Report for each address. We take the protection of your data seriously and will need to take steps to verify your identity before providing your personal information. Is there a cost to request a Personal Information Report? No, there’s no cost. However, if your request is unreasonable or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse your request.I’m having trouble making a request through the website. What should I do? We’re here to help. Please call (800)-699-0885 (service hours are Monday-Friday, 11 a.m. - 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, except holidays). What is the difference between submitting an opt-out request and updating my communication preferences? An "opt out" request prevents some transfers of personal information to third parties, some of which relate to advertising; however, a customer who opts out may still receive marketing materials directly from Cox. If you are no longer interested in receiving marketing communications from Cox, current and former customers can update their communication preferences in My Account . Why can't I use my cox.net email to receive a verification code? Cox takes your data privacy seriously. For added security, we do not send verification codes to cox.net email addresses. Customers may add an additional email address or mobile number to their My Account profile to receive verification codes, but codes sent to the added contact address or number cannot immediately be used. These measures are in place for account security purposes. © 1998 - 2023 Cox Communications, Inc.Privacy California Consumer Privacy At Cox, we believe your personal information is just that, personal, and we take seriously the responsibility of protecting the information you share with us. We are committed to: Providing clear, prior notice regarding how your information will be used | Storing your personal information securely | Helping you exercise your data privacy rights Below you’ll find everything you need to know in order to submit a privacy rights request. Right to know As a resident of California, you have the right to request to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the sources from which we collected that personal information, and how we use and share it. Right to delete As a resident of California, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may need to retain your personal information to deliver your services, to identify or repair errors in functionality, to prevent fraud or illegal activity, or to comply with a legal obligation, among other allowed purposes Right to correct As a resident of California, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes for which we process it. Right to opt-out As a resident of California, you have the right to opt out of (a) the sale or sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising, (b) the use of certain types of automated decision-making technology, and (c) limit the use of sensitive personal information. If you’d like to exercise any of these rights, please click the button below. If you’d prefer to make a request over the phone, please call (800)-699-0885 (service hours are Monday-Friday, 8am - 5pm Pacific Time, except holidays). Please note that we will verify your identity before we fulfill your request. This helps us to protect our customers’ personal information against fraudulent requests. For general information about our privacy practices and your rights as a California resident, visit www.cox.com/Privacy-California . Make a request Data privacy FAQs For general overview information about Cox's privacy policies, visit www.cox.com/privacy . What is considered personal information? Personal information (also called personal data) is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. Examples include a name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, Internet activity, and geolocation data. Information that is deidentified or publicly available is not considered personal information. What personal information does Cox collect and why do we collect it? In our Privacy Notice , we describe the personal information that we collect. Generally, we collect personal information that helps us manage your accounts and services, create and deliver a great customer experience, and market and advertise our services. The specific information we collect depends on the nature of your relationship with us. We collect personal information directly from you as well as from third-party vendors and service providers, including data providers. I never had Cox services. Do you have my personal information? If you never had Cox services, we may still have personal information about you or your household. Typically, this would be demographic information that we collect from third-party vendors and service providers that we use to market our services to you. We also collect information about visitors to our websites, whether or not they are our customers. How do I find out what personal information you have about me? If you would like to know what personal information we have about you, you can submit a request as described above. Please note that due to technical limitations on how our systems function, if you have lived at more than one address in a Cox service area in the last 12 months, you will need to submit a separate request for a Personal Information Report for each address. We take the protection of your data seriously and will need to take steps to verify your identity before providing your personal information. Is there a cost to request a Personal Information Report? No, there’s no cost. However, if your request is unreasonable or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse your request. I’m having trouble making a request through the website. What should I do? We’re here to help.Please send an email to californiaprivacy@cox.com or call (800)-699-0885 (service hours are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Pacific Time, except holidays). What is the difference between submitting an opt-out request and updating my communication preferences? An "opt out" request prevents some transfers of personal information to third parties, some of which relate to advertising; however, a customer who opts out may still receive marketing materials directly from Cox. If you are no longer interested in receiving marketing communications from Cox, current and former customers can update their communication preferences in My Account . Why can't I use my cox.net email to receive a verification code? Cox takes your data privacy seriously. For added security, we do not send verification codes to cox.net email addresses. Customers may add an additional email address or mobile number to their My Account profile to receive verification codes, but codes sent to the added contact address or number cannot immediately be used. These measures are in place for account security purposes. How do I submit a consumer request through an authorized agent? The CCPA grants California consumers the right to designate another person or business entity registered with the Secretary of State ("Authorized Agent") to act on their behalf with regard to CCPA requests. If you designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf, you must provide us with legal authorization indicating your consent to have the authorized agent’s representation. An example of an acceptable form of legal authorization would be a fully executed, notarized Power of Attorney signed and dated by the consumer naming the agent as the consumer’s authorized representative. Authorized agents may submit CCPA requests by completing the form at this link . Upon receipt of this information, we will contact the consumer with instructions on how to validate and complete the request process. If the agent has a valid Power of Attorney from the requestor, the agent can submit a copy of this document to any Cox Solutions Store, or mail or fax this information to the following: Cox Communications Customer Care Support Specialists 901 George Washington Blvd, S. Wichita, Kansas 67211 Fax: (877) 873-5330 Responses may be received by web or paper mail, as with any other request. © 1998 - 2023 Cox Communications, Inc. Privacy Preference Center State Specific RightsManaging Your Privacy Choices and Cookie PreferencesEssential Cookies State Specific Rights Opt Out Preference Signal : If you would like to opt out of sales and sharing via an opt out preference signal, you can do so by utilizing a browser or extension that supports opt out preference signals. California Residents : If you are a California resident who wishes to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) via cookies and tracking technologies (“Cookies”) on this website, you can do so by adjusting all of the toggles in the Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences tab. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. To learn more about your rights under the CCPA, visit our website page on California Consumer Privacy. Other Sales: If you are a residential customer and would like to opt out of sales outside of Cookies you can do so by submitting an opt-out request here. Virginia and Connecticut Residents : If you are a Virginia or Connecticut resident and you would like to opt out of targeted advertising as defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) or the Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CTDPA"), you can do so by turning off the targeting cookies in the Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences tab. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. To learn more about your rights under the VCDPA, visit our website page on Virginia Consumer Privacy. To learn more about your rights under the CTDPA, visit our website page on Connecticut Consumer Privacy. Other Sales: If you are a residential customer and would like to opt out of sales outside of Cookies you can do so by submitting an opt-out request on our Virginia Consumer Privacy or Connecticut Consumer Privacy pages. Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences Our website (“site”) uses cookies and tracking technologies (“Cookies”) to enable functionality, understand site performance, enable social media functions, enhance our marketing efforts, and serve more relevant content and advertisements to you. For more information, visit our Online Privacy Policy or Residential Privacy Policy . You have the option to adjust what categories of Cookies you allow us to place on your browser or device by changing the toggles below.Please note that your preferences are applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your Cookie preferences for each browser and device you use to access our site. If you clear the Cookies on your device or browser, you may need to set your Cookie preferences again. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic on the site so we may understand how people use our site and improve its performance. These cookies may be placed on our site by us (or by our vendors) to collect analytics, statistics, and other information about how you and others use the site. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. These cookies may be used by those partners to help show you more relevant advertisements on other websites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still see advertisements on the internet, but they may be less relevant to you. Functional CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies enable the site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, including services and tools we have added to the site that are provided by other parties. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services or tools may not function properly. Essential Cookies These cookies are necessary for the site to function and cannot be switched off using this system. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you such as setting your privacy preferences or accessing your account. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work if you do so. Back Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label checkbox label labelYour Privacy Rights as a COX Customer and Related Information Notice to Cox Residential Customers Updated: June 15, 2023 In keeping with our commitment to be the most trusted provider of communications and entertainment services (“Subscription Services”), we are letting you know how we will collect, use, and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information (defined below) in connection with the Subscription Services. We are giving you clear, prior notice of, and in some circumstances the right to choose, how your Personally Identifiable Information will be used and disclosed as described below in this Residential Privacy Notice (“Notice”) or otherwise prior to or at the point of collection of your Personally Identifiable Information. We have tried to explain our Subscription Services data practices in clear and meaningful detail in this Notice. We summarized each section of this Notice below to make it quicker and easier for you to understand what the full policy details; however, the complete policy, and not the headings or summaries govern, and we encourage you to read those too. For additional information, find your local contact information Information We Collect and Use We may collect Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information (e.g., subscriber name, service and mailing address, etc.), as well as other information (e.g., information about usage of our services, preferences, location, demographics, etc.) in connection with your use of the Subscription Services as otherwise explained at Information We Collect and Use below. Disclosure We may disclose Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information (or give others access to it), for a variety of purposes, as detailed in this Notice. These include, without limitation: o to operate, improve and market our Subscription Services, and related business purposes as permitted or required by applicable law or legal process; o to tailor advertising to make it more relevant to your household; o in connection with corporate transactions (e.g., merger or sale); o in cooperation with law enforcement and legal requests (see more at the Law Enforcement and Legal Requests section below); and o in connection with your use of Third-Party Services (see more at the Third-Party Services section below). See more at the Disclosure section below, including regarding how to opt-out of the disclosure of certain information, where available. Law Enforcement and Legal Requests We receive legal requests for Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information from government and law enforcement personnel. See more at the Law Enforcement and Legal Requests section below. Third-Party Services Our Subscription Services may include or link to Third-Party Services. When you use Third-Party Services, Cox merely facilitates your access to those services, and you are subject to the data collection and use practices and privacy policies of the Third-Party Services. This Notice does not cover information collected by third parties, so you are encouraged to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use. See more at the Third-Party Services section below. Security Maintaining the security of your personal devices is an important way to protect your privacy and to help us protect our network and customers. If you suspect that someone may have made unauthorized changes to your account, contact Customer Care at the telephone number on your bill. See more at the Security section below. Children's Privacy Our Subscription Services are intended for use by a general audience and account holders must be of the age of majority or emancipated minors. Cox’s policies and practices regarding children’s personal information, children’s and minors’ privacy rights, and notice to parents of these rights, are explained at the Children’s Privacy section below. California Customers' Privacy California residents have certain additional privacy rights detailed in our California Consumer Privacy Notice. Connecticut Customers’ Privacy Connecticut residents have certain additional privacy rights pursuant to the Connecticut Consumer Data Privacy and Online Monitoring Act. See more at the Your Connecticut at the Your Connecticut Privacy Rights section below. Virginia Customers' Privacy Virginia residents have certain additional privacy rights pursuant to the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. See more at the Your Virginia Privacy Rights section below. Other Terms and Changes in Policy Other terms and conditions affect our service offerings. Changes in our service offerings or the law may cause us to make changes to this and other policies from time to time.See more at the Other Terms and Changes in Policy section below. Our Network Practices For more information about our network management practices, please read our Internet Services Disclosures at https://www.cox.com/aboutus/policies/internet-service-disclosures.html . Customer Proprietary Network Information If you subscribe to Cox telephone service or any other Cox service classified as a "telecommunications service," we have a duty, under federal law, to protect the confidentiality of certain service data. See more at the Customer Proprietary Network Information section below. Cable Television Act Protection of Subscriber Policy Please review the Cable Television Act Protection of Subscriber Privacy section below for a summary of your privacy rights under federal law relating to our cable television services.. Click on the links above to go to the full section to learn more or just keep scrolling. In addition, if you have any questions about this Notice, or the data practices associated with our Subscription Services, please contact Cox at privacy@cox.com . This Notice is limited to information collected in connection with our Subscription Services. Other policies and notices may apply to other data collected outside of our Subscription Services. For example, see our Online Privacy Policy for our data practices related to websites and mobile applications that are not part of the Subscription Services. California residents have additional privacy rights that apply to our Subscription Services explained in our California Consumer Privacy Notice. Information We Collect and Use Generally, we collect and use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you services and as otherwise related to the operation of our business, as detailed below. Your Personally Identifiable Information In providing our Subscription Services, we sometimes collect personally identifiable information, such as name, service and mailing addresses, telephone numbers, social security number, driver’s license number, email address, billing and payment records (including credit card and bank account numbers used to pay for our services), subscriber credit information, or other information that could be used to identify, authenticate, contact, or locate you (“ Personally Identifiable Information ” or “ PII ”). We may also collect demographic and usage information about you and other subscribers such as information about premium services, location, demographics, the services you have chosen to receive, information about equipment and devices connected to our cable system and network, complaint information, including customer correspondence and communications records, and information regarding maintenance, repairs, services, equipment, software, usage, settings and preferences to aid in customer support and in recommendations for you. If you visit one of our facilities, we may also capture your image on our security cameras. We may combine Personally Identifiable Information with demographic and other information for purposes consistent with this Notice. To the extent such other information is directly linked to Personally Identifiable Information, it will be considered Personally Identifiable Information. We and third parties may create aggregate, pseudonymous, and/or deidentified information (i.e., information from which personally identifiable elements have been removed or modified), which is not considered Personally Identifiable Information in this Notice. Cox TV Services We may use various technologies, including the cable set-top box, our websites, and our mobile and TV applications, to collect information about your Subscription Services video selections and activities, such as information about the TV shows and channels your household watches on different devices (“ TV Viewing Information ”). Additional Personally Identifiable Information is collected in providing some types of television services, such as pay-per view, interactive, entertainment-on-demand and devices we provide to you and we may disclose it as set forth in the " Disclosure " section below. We collect TV Viewing Information to help us provide our services to you and to provide us with a better understanding of how different networks, channels and shows are performing. We may use TV Viewing Information to make recommendations to you and for other service-related purposes, such as to market new or additional services to you. On the most recent version of our set-top box and in our TV app, we provide an option for you to opt-out of video recommendations based on your TV Viewing Information through the settings menu. We may combine TV Viewing Information with other information for purposes consistent with this Notice.To the extent that TV Viewing Information or other information is linked directly with Personally Identifiable Information, it will be treated as Personally Identifiable Information under this Notice. Also, we may disclose this TV Viewing Information that is not directly linked to Personally Identifiable Information as set forth in the " Disclosure " section below. For more information on our privacy practices related to the Cox TV Services, see the " Cable Television Act Protection of Subscriber Privacy ” section below. Internet Services Like most Internet service providers, we automatically collect and store Internet Protocol (IP) addresses (an identifier given to your connection while online), the volume of and types of data transmitted and received through your service, device types used, Internet connection performance, device addresses, and connection dates and times. We may also collect and store other usage statistics, such as the volume of data transmitted by certain protocols, devices, usage categories, and services, to help us understand how our network is used, to give you insight into your household Internet usage, and to improve the Subscription Services we offer. We monitor our network and collect telemetry and other data to measure the quality of our Internet service, and to help us troubleshoot and diagnose service issues you are experiencing. We also monitor our network for security, malware, and fraud prevention purposes. If you are accessing the Internet away from your home through a Wi-Fi connection provided by Cox or its partners, we may also collect the device MAC address, device type, location of the access point, duration, and session information. We may also provide location-based online advertising based on your geographic location. Visit the preferences section in your My Account at www.cox.com for more information and to opt out of receiving location-based ads. Cox Mobile Services When you use our mobile services, we may collect technical information about the device you are using, such as telephone number, hardware model, operating system, SIM card number, the serial number of your device, and similar device identifiers. In addition to the device information listed above, we may also collect mobile network usage information from your device that allows us to analyze signal strength, call and data failures, and calling patterns. We may also collect information when you use our mobile application to manage your account, which can include your account number, user ID, device ID, and IP address. We do not collect precise geolocation information through our mobile services without your consent. In some cases, we may collect details of the products and services you receive from us, such as your mobile device rate plan, so that we can send you account updates or other communications regarding your account or to send you information, recommendations, and promotions that we believe will be of interest to you. Email and Online Communications Unless addressed to us or required by law or legal process, we do not read the contents of your online communications, such as email. We may, however, retain and provide such communications if we are legally required to do so. For Cox email accounts, we generally scan incoming and outgoing email traffic electronically to identify and filter likely spam and malicious email, and for security and fraud prevention purposes. We may use email to send transactional, informational, or relationship messages related to your Subscription Services. If you prefer, you may opt-out of marketing emails to a specific address by notifying us in response to the email you receive, through the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of the email. Cox Internet DNS Privacy The Domain Name System or "DNS" is an integral part of the internet, providing a way to link host names to specific IP addresses. The Cox-provided DNS platform is optimized and configured to help you get the best possible experience from your Internet service. We retain the contents of lookups, or "queries" made to the platform for a period of approximately 5 days. The contents of those queries, including timestamps, requested DNS hostname, and source IP address are continually aggregated and used to identify network trends such as growth, anomalous device behavior, malicious activity (botnets, viruses, spam, spyware, etc.) and potentially damaging traffic such as DoS (Denial of Service) activity. We do not disclose DNS data with any third party except in limited instances where anonymized or aggregated data is necessary for cybersecurity, DNS analytics, reporting, or research purposes. Following aggregation, the retained or transferred data does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information or data that we believe could be combined or correlated with Personally Identifiable Information to identify a user or their behavior.Cox does not use customer DNS query information to facilitate advertising, either internally or via third party advertisers. Telephone Services In providing telephone services, we collect usage information, including calls made and received and their duration. We treat this information as private as required by applicable law. We monitor and record calls with Cox customer care agents for quality, training, and analytics purposes. Interest-Based Content Suggestions and Advertising We may combine TV Viewing Information with additional information we obtain from other sources, including, for example, from public databases, advertisers, and data providers, so we can tailor advertising to make it more relevant to your household and to improve its effectiveness, and to offer you content suggestions. If you prefer that we not show you targeted ads, you can opt-out by visiting the preferences center in My Account at www.cox.com . Please note, if you opt-out you will still receive TV advertising from Cox, but it will be generic and not targeted to your household’s interests. When watching Cox TV and using Cox Internet for activities such as watching online videos, listening to podcasts, or browsing the web, advertisers want to show you advertising for their products and services that are tailored to your household. To show you more relevant TV advertising when watching Cox TV, we combine subscriber information, such as your name and address, and TV Viewing Information, with commercially available information such as age, gender, preferred language, and general interests obtained from third-party sources, including, for example, from public databases, advertisers, and data companies. We do not provide this type of tailored advertising based upon TV Viewing Information that personally identifies you and we do not share information that directly identifies you with these advertisers. For more relevant advertising when you are online, we combine subscriber information, such as your name and address, with commercially available information obtained from third-party sources. We do not use your Cox Internet usage data with any tailored advertising, and we do not share information that directly identifies you with these advertisers. If you prefer that we not use your subscriber information to show you tailored online or television ads for products or services offered by companies other than Cox, you can opt-out by visiting the preferences center in My Account at www.cox.com . Please note, if you opt-out you will still receive advertising from these advertisers, but it will be generic and not tailored by us to your household. Cox Homelife Home security and automation services offered by Cox are subject to this Notice and the terms, conditions and privacy provisions contained in the applicable home security service agreement. If you subscribe to Cox Homelife Care, we collect Personally Identifiable Information about you or the individual utilizing the Cox Homelife Care services. Communicating with You We may communicate with you online, including in browser notifications, concerning maintenance, security, and fraud prevention issues, as well as information from Cox that you may be interested in. If you prefer, you may opt-out of marketing emails to a specific email address through the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of the email. We may send communications through text messages to the extent you have opted in or as permitted by law. Disclosures Personally Identifiable Information We may disclose Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information to operate and improve our Subscription Services, and related business purposes as permitted or required by applicable law or legal process, including, for example, for the following activities: sales, installation, training, operations, administration, advertising, marketing, support, development of new products and services, data analytics, network management, fraud prevention, identity verification, maintenance, customer care, communications with you, billing, and collection. Cox TV Services We disclose TV Viewing Information we collect with TV networks and with companies that help advertisers make decisions on where to place their ads. When we disclose TV Viewing Information, we never include your name, address, email address, or phone number or other contact information that personally identifies you, rather we use a unique identifier. If you prefer that we not disclose your household TV Viewing Information with third parties other than those needed to help us provide our Subscription Services to you, including for the purpose of serving more relevant ads, you can opt-out by visiting the preferences center in My Account at www.cox.com .Please note, if you opt-out you will still receive TV advertising from Cox, but it will be generic and not targeted to your household’s interests. For more information on television privacy, see the Cable Television Act Protection of Subscriber Privacy section below. Telephone Services We do not disclose the telephone usage information we collect, such as records of calls made and received and their duration, unless required by law or legal process. Our telephone customers can designate their listings as non-published for print or electronic directories or for directory assistance services. We do not publish these directories and are not responsible for their content or accuracy. Because of the complexity of this process and the involvement of others, errors sometimes occur. Our telephone services are subject to tariff or contractual terms that limit our liability in the event of listing errors. For more information on telephone privacy, see the “ Security ” section and the " Customer Proprietary Network Information " section below. Cox Mobile Services We disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. Where appropriate, Cox may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with vendors and business partners working on our behalf to help us provide you with our products or services. Further, when processing your application and determining your eligibility for our services, we may also disclose limited personal information about your account and your mobile device with our service providers to assist with identity verification, and to prevent fraud and identity theft. For example, this may also include disclosing your information with an insurance provider if you elect to insure your mobile device through our mobile protection plan. Internet Services and Email We may disclose network traffic data, including IP addresses, with trusted third parties who work to protect ISPs and the Internet from botnets and other threats. We may also publicly publish city- and state-level location information associated with our IP addresses, making this information available to businesses that provide services for mapping IP addresses with general geographic data. We do not disclose the contents of your online communications, including emails, unless required by law or legal process. We may retain and provide such communications to others if we are legally required or compelled to do so. For the email accounts that are provided by us, we scan incoming and outgoing email traffic electronically to identify and filter out likely spam and messages for security and fraud prevention purposes. Special Exceptions We reserve the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or legal process; (2) protect our network, rights, or property or those of others; (3) respond to fraud, abuse or unauthorized reception or access; (4) enforce our Policies posted on cox.com; or (5) act in an emergency to protect your safety or that of another person. See also the " Law Enforcement and Legal Requests " section below. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information as follows: with your consent, as explained at the time of collection, or as otherwise not prohibited by applicable law and not inconsistent with this Notice or any notice given by us at the time of collection. Further, we may disclose and/or transfer Personally Identifiable Information in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing of our business, or merger, purchase, sale, joint venture, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of Cox assets, or transfer of all or a portion of Cox’s business to another company, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding. We may also disclose your Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information to you or your authorized users or agents upon request, however, we take reasonable precautions to identify you, or persons you have authorized, when we are contacted about your Cox account before doing so. Vendors We use vendors in providing Subscription Services to you and may disclose Personally Identifiable Information with them for these purposes, including billing, collection, account management, customer support, marketing, and other routine business purposes. We contractually require these vendors to maintain reasonable security of Personally Identifiable Information they process for us and to abide by applicable laws. Law Enforcement and Legal Requests Information We Must Disclose We routinely receive legal requests for customer information from government and law enforcement personnel. We also receive discovery requests in civil cases.We cooperate by providing the information required by law or as compelled by legal process. Cox does not volunteer Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information, including access to customer communications, to law enforcement or others, except as noted in the " Special Exceptions " detailed in the “ Disclosure ” section above, or as otherwise disclosed in the Notice or at the point of collection (e.g., to our vendors in connection with their provision of services to us). Many criminal subpoenas require that we not disclose or notify you of the request. Due to this fact and the volume of requests we receive, we do not assume any duty to notify you of receipt of any legal requests. The following applies to certain types of your Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information that may be the subject of law enforcement or legal request: Internet Information We sometimes receive subpoenas for your identity in connection with use of your Internet service for apparent copyright infringement or other civil matters. Files shared over “peer-to-peer” services often include your IP address, and if we receive a subpoena, we will provide the Personally Identifiable Information associated with that IP address to the extent required by law. Law enforcement can also obtain your Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information, including details about your Internet use and the content of communications, from us through a warrant or similar authority. Telephone Information Law enforcement must obtain a warrant or other similar authority to use a telephone wiretap or a device to capture dialing information. Law enforcement, and others, can also subpoena or otherwise compel us through legal process to provide your Personally Identifiable Information, including your telephone account and call record information. TV Programming Selections Television programming selections linked to your Personally Identifiable Information may generally be obtained from us by third parties only under court order and after notice is sent to you and you are given the opportunity to object in court. For more information on cable television privacy, see the Cable Television Act Protection of Subscriber Privacy section below. Child Pornography We work closely with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and other groups to eliminate child pornography on the Internet. The law requires us to report any evidence of apparent child pornography and we may share your Personally Identifiable Information in connection therewith. Third-Party Services Our Subscription Services may include or link to third-party websites, applications, ads, locations, platforms, code (e.g., plug-ins, application programming interfaces (" API "), and software development kits (" SDKs ")), or other services (" Third-Party Service(s) "). These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit Personally Identifiable Information and other data from you. Third-Party Services include third-party content provider applications and links that enable you to access Third-Party Services via our Subscription Services (" Content Services "). When you access those Third-Party Services in this manner, you are interacting directly with the Third-Party Service even if you have not closed out of our Subscription Services. Examples include when you access any of the following content providers’ services while on our Subscription Services: Netflix, Pandora, Amazon Prime Video, and other third-party applications providing content. In addition, when accessing content networks directly via our Subscription Services, the content network programmers (" Third-Party Networks ") may use SDKs and other technologies to directly collect information from and about you, in which case they are acting as Third-Party Services providers. Third-Party Services may also include third-party audience measurement services, including but not limited to Nielsen’s measurement software that is used for market research. More information about Nielsen’s measurement software and your choices regarding Nielsen’s measurement is available at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy . In addition, certain functionalities of our Subscription Services permit interactions that you initiate between our Subscription Services and certain Third-Party Services, such as third-party social networks (“ Social Features ”). Examples of Social Features include: “liking” or “sharing” Cox’s content; logging in to our Subscription Services using your Third-Party Service account (e.g., using Facebook Connect to sign-in to our service); and to otherwise connect our Subscription Services to a Third-Party Service (e.g., to pull or push information to or from the service).If you use Social Features, and potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on our Subscription Services or by the Third-Party Service that you use. When you use Third-Party Services, including Social Features, Content Services and Third-Party Networks, Cox is merely facilitating your access to those services, and you are subject to the data collection and use practices and privacy policies of the Third-Party Services and Cox is not responsible for their data practices. Cox encourages you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use. Security Taking Proper Precautions Online Maintaining the security of your personal computer is an important way to protect your privacy and to help us protect our network and customers. Following our policies posted on www.cox.com and maintaining your antivirus software, firewall, wireless network security, and your operating system can help prevent harm and potential theft of data. You should regularly back up your computer to preserve your files, including messages you want to keep, and change your login password regularly. Always be sure you know with whom you are dealing before clicking on an Internet link or giving out your personal information. When using the Internet for communications, it is possible for outside parties to access them. Since we cannot control websites or services operated by third parties, you should review their terms of service and privacy policies before use. We may take protective action related to your Internet service or contact you to help with security issues we identify, such as malware infections. Unsecured Wi-Fi home networks can allow unauthorized persons to use your Internet service for illegal activity which can be attributed to your account. We monitor our network and scan incoming and outgoing cox.com email messages to filter out likely spam, harmful messages, viruses, malware, spyware, and related threats that could harm your equipment, the network, or others. Cox will not contact you to ask for your personal information; if you receive a communication from a person asking to be us and asking for personal information, you should contact Cox directly by phone to verify the communication before giving out any personal information. Spam We try to block incoming and outgoing spam using a variety of methods. You can help by preventing unauthorized access to your computer and email account. You can forward unwanted spam to spamreport@cox.net and phishing scams to phishingreport@cox.net to help update our filters. We will never ask you to send sensitive personal information to us by unsecured email. Telephone Services Telephone customers must provide a government-issued photo ID or other appropriate identification before we can discuss your information. If you, or anyone authorized by you, make certain changes to your telephone account, Cox will send you notice to confirm that you made these changes. If you suspect that someone may have made unauthorized changes to your account, contact Customer Care at the telephone number on your bill. If we discover any unauthorized access to your telephone account, we will send you notice, in keeping with applicable law. Children's Privacy Our Subscription Services are intended for use by a general audience and account holders must be of the age of majority or emancipated minors. We do not intend to or knowingly collect personal information (as the term is defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from children under the age of 13. If you believe your child may have provided us with their personal information, you can contact Cox at privacy@cox.com and we will delete their personal information to the extent required by applicable law. We treat information concerning Subscription Services provided for family use as that of the account holder. You can find more information about protecting children’s privacy by visiting https://www.ftc.gov . California Customers' Policy California residents have certain additional privacy rights detailed in our California Consumer Privacy Notice . This section applies to Connecticut residents that use our Subscription Services for individual or household purposes. Capitalized terms used in this section shall have the same meaning as under applicable Connecticut law. This section describes our collection, use, and disclosure of information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable national person, excluding de-identified or publicly available information (“ Personal Data”). You can learn more about the Personal Data we process and the purpose for processing such information in the " Information We Collect and Use " section above.You can also learn more about our disclosure of Personal Data and the categories of third parties we disclose Personal Data to in the " Disclosure " section above. Some of the ways that we disclose Personal Data, including our disclosure of TV Viewing Information described in the " Cox TV Services " section above, may constitute a Sale as defined by Connecticut law. You have the right to opt-out of the Sale of your Personal Data, as described below. Some of the ways that we process your Personal Data described in the “Interest-Based Content Suggestions and Advertising” above, may constitute Targeted Advertising as defined by Connecticut law. You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising, as described below. You can learn more about Cox’s data practices and your rights under Connecticut law in our FAQs here. If you are a Connecticut resident, subject to certain conditions and restrictions, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: 1. Right to Access. You have the right know the Personal Data that we may hold about you and access such Personal Data. 2. Right to Correct. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data. 3. Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete all Personal Data that we have collected from or obtained about you. 4. Right to Opt-Out of Sales. You have the right to opt-out of the Sale of Personal Data. You can learn more about your right to opt-out of the Sale of Personal Data in the " Cox TV Services " section above. 5. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising. You may request that we stop disclosures of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising by managing your cookie preferences here or by clicking on the Do Not Sell or Share link on the footer of our website. 6. Right to Opt-Out of Profiling. You have the right to opt-out of our processing of Personal Data for the purposes of certain types of profiling. Our profiling does not result in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects; however, we still provide you the right to opt-out of certain profiling. 7. Right to Appeal. If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to the exercise of one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision. 8. Sensitive Data. Our processing of your Sensitive Data will be based on your consent. For example, in the course of using our Subscription Services, you may allow us to use your precise geolocation. You may be able to limit or disallow this use of location data by adjusting the settings for our applications on your device’s privacy settings. You may submit their requests related to these rights via the Connecticut Consumer Privacy portal . Please note that, depending on the nature of your request, you may be asked to provide information to verify your identity before your request can be processed. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request as soon as we reasonably can and no later than legally required. You may exercise your privacy rights under Connecticut law free of charge up to no more than twice annually. If you make a privacy rights request, we will retain the Personal Data provided to us to fulfill your privacy rights request for our recordkeeping purposes. Your Virginia Privacy Rights This section applies to Virginia residents that use our Subscription Services for individual or household purposes. Capitalized terms used in this section shall have the same meaning as under applicable Virginia law. This section describes our collection, use, and disclosure of information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable national person, excluding de-identified or publicly available information (" Personal Data ”). You can learn more about the Personal Data we process and the purpose for processing such information in the “ Information We Collect and Use ” section above. You can also learn more about our disclosure of Personal Data and the categories of third parties we disclose Personal Data to in the “ Disclosure ” section above. Some of the ways that we disclose Personal Data, including our disclosure of TV Viewing Information described in the " Cox TV Services " section above, may constitute a Sale as defined by Virginia Law. You have the right to opt-out of the Sale of your Personal Data, as described below. Some of the ways that we process your Personal Data described in the “ Interest-Based Content Suggestions and Advertising ” above, may constitute Targeted Advertising as defined by Virginia law. You have the right to opt-out of the processing of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising, as described below. You can learn more about Cox’s data practices and your rights under Virginia law in our FAQs here.If you are a Virginia Consumer, subject to certain conditions and restrictions, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Access. You have the right know the Personal Data that we may hold about you and access such Personal Data. Right to Correct. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data. Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete all Personal Data that we have collected from or obtained about you. Right to Opt-Out of Sales. You have the right to opt-out of the Sale of Personal Data. You can learn more about your right to opt-out of the Sale of Personal Data in the '" Cox TV Services " section above. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising. You may request that we stop disclosures of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising by managing your cookie preferences here and as described in the " Interest-Based Content Suggestions and Advertising ” above. Right to Opt-Out of Profiling. You have the right to opt-out of our processing of Personal Data for the purposes of certain types of profiling. Our profiling does not result in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects however we still provide you the right to opt-out of certain profiling. Right to Appeal. If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to the exercise of one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision. Sensitive Data. Our processing of your Sensitive Data will be based on your consent. For example, in the course of using our Subscription Services, you may allow us to use your precise geolocation. You may be able to limit or disallow this use of location data by adjusting the settings for our applications on your device’s privacy settings. You may submit their requests related to these rights via the Virginia Consumer Privacy portal . Please note that, depending on the nature of your request, you may be asked to provide information to verify your identity before your request can be processed. You may exercise some of these privacy rights, such as opting out of Targeted Advertising by visiting the preferences center in My Account. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request as soon as we reasonably can and no later than legally required. You may exercise your privacy rights under Virginia law free of charge up to no more than twice annually. If you make a privacy rights request, we will retain the Personal Data provided to us to fulfill your privacy rights request for our recordkeeping purposes. Other Terms and Changes in Policy Other terms and conditions affect our service offerings, including the online privacy policies for our websites and applications, service contracts and terms and conditions, our policies, tariffs, and the terms of use for our websites and applications. We intend this Notice to supplement these documents in connection with the Subscription Services. Changes in our service offerings or the law may cause us to make changes to this Notice and other policies from time to time. We will post any changes at cox.com, along with the effective date of the changes, so check the notices center of our website often Our Network Practices For more information about our network management practices, please read our Internet Services Disclosures at https://www.cox.com/aboutus/policies/internet-service-disclosures.html . Customer Proprietary Network Information If you subscribe to Cox telephone service or any other Cox service classified as a “telecommunications service,” federal law creates certain additional privacy protections and use restrictions with respect to a category of information known as “customer proprietary network information” or " CPNI ." CPNI refers to the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location, and amount of your use of a telecommunications service that is made available to us solely by virtue of our relationship with you, as a customer. CPNI also includes information in your bills pertaining to your telephone service. CPNI does not include subscriber list information, such as your name, address and telephone number or other information that has been published in any directory format, or information that does not identify you personally. Examples of CPNI include information about your phone service found on your monthly telephone bill, the technical characteristics of your Subscription Services, the class of Subscription Services to which you subscribe, your current telephone charges, your long distance and local service billing records, directory assistance charges, usage data, and calling records. You have a right, and we have a duty, under federal law, to protect the confidentiality of CPNI.Cox does not sell your CPNI, and your CPNI will not be disclosed to third parties outside of Cox and our affiliates, agents, joint venture partners, vendors, and independent contractors, except as required by law or detailed here. We may use your telephone CPNI to offer you our communications-related products or services that may enhance products or services to which you already subscribe. Unless you tell us otherwise within thirty (30) days of your first receipt of this CPNI notice, we may also use your telephone CPNI to offer you communications-related products or services that are outside of the same category of Subscription Services to which you already subscribe. You can grant, restrict, or withdraw the right for us to use your CPNI for these marketing purposes at any time at https://www.cox.com/privacyrequest . When you contact us, we may ask for your consent to use your CPNI in marketing our services to you at that time. This consent applies only for the duration of the call or Internet session. We will not use your CPNI for any other marketing purposes without your permission. Restricting our use of your CPNI will not affect your Subscription Services. If you previously contacted us to approve or deny our use of your CPNI, we will continue to honor your request and you do not need to contact us again. Cable Television Act Protection of Subscriber Privacy We consider the privacy of our subscribers to be very important, and we are committed to keeping nonpublic Personally Identifiable Information about our subscribers secure and confidential. Your privacy rights under federal law relating to our cable television services are summarized below: In the course of providing cable television service, as stated above in the " Information We Collect and Use " section, we collect and maintain certain Personally Identifiable Information regarding our subscribers for legitimate business activities related to the marketing and providing of services over our cable system and for financial, accounting, fraud prevention, tax and franchise purposes. We may combine the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect about you as part of our regular business records with information about you obtained from third parties to help us identify other services we or our affiliates provide that might interest you. We also may collect TV Viewing Information for any reason, including determining which programs are the most popular, how many people watch a show, and which cable features are used most often. Personally Identifiable Information is confidential and therefore will not be disclosed to third parties unless it is necessary to render or conduct a legitimate business activity related to a cable service or other services provided to you, or to detect unauthorized reception of our services. The Cable Act allows us to disclose your name and address information – so-called subscriber list information - to third parties for their own marketing purposes, subject to providing you with an opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure. Should we decide in the future to share subscriber list information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, we will provide you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. We may be legally required to release your Personally Identifiable Information to the government or a third party due to a law, court order, subpoena, or other government order or legal process. We also may release your Personally Identifiable Information if we believe an emergency involving danger of death or serious physical injury or a credible threat to children or public safety requires disclosure. In some situations, we are legally prohibited from providing you with any notification regarding the release of your Personally Identifiable Information. The types of persons to whom your Personally Identifiable Information may be disclosed in the course of our cable business include employees, agents, affiliates, sales representatives, accountants, attorneys, vendors, billing and collection agencies, program suppliers, and auditors. The frequency of such disclosure will vary depending on our business needs. For example, billing information on past due accounts will be disclosed when collection action is commenced and other information on an as-needed basis. We also may disclose your name and address for purposes permitted by law. Additionally, authorized representatives of the franchising authority and FCC personnel may review service complaint logs maintained by the system which reflect complaints made by the subscribers regarding the quality of cable television reception. Except when required by law, we will not disclose the extent of your viewing or other use of a cable service or other service we provide, nor the nature of any transaction you make over the cable system in a manner that can identify you personally.We follow industry-standard practices to prevent unauthorized access to Personally Identifiable Information; however, we cannot guarantee that these practices will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information. The information set forth above may be maintained by us for such time as its retention is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or to satisfy other business, legal or tax requirements and there are no pending requests for access to such information from you or pursuant to a legal proceeding. For example, former subscribers’ names, addresses, telephone numbers, billing and payment records and subscription information are maintained for a minimum of three (3) years. Any subscriber may inspect their own Personally Identifiable Information during regular business hours at our local office upon at least three (3) days prior written request. Subscribers will be provided a reasonable opportunity to correct any error in such information. You may also check the accuracy of, and advise on errors with, certain of your Subscription Services Personally Identifiable Information by accessing your My Account at www.cox.com . Federal law permits you to bring a civil action in federal court, in addition to any other lawful remedy available to you, for violations of your cable television subscriber privacy rights. © 1998 - 2023 Cox Communications, Inc. Privacy Preference Center State Specific RightsManaging Your Privacy Choices and Cookie PreferencesEssential Cookies State Specific Rights Opt Out Preference Signal : If you would like to opt out of sales and sharing via an opt out preference signal, you can do so by utilizing a browser or extension that supports opt out preference signals. California Residents : If you are a California resident who wishes to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) via cookies and tracking technologies (“Cookies”) on this website, you can do so by adjusting all of the toggles in the Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences tab. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. To learn more about your rights under the CCPA, visit our website page on California Consumer Privacy. Other Sales: If you are a residential customer and would like to opt out of sales outside of Cookies you can do so by submitting an opt-out request here. Virginia and Connecticut Residents : If you are a Virginia or Connecticut resident and you would like to opt out of targeted advertising as defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) or the Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CTDPA"), you can do so by turning off the targeting cookies in the Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences tab. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. To learn more about your rights under the VCDPA, visit our website page on Virginia Consumer Privacy. To learn more about your rights under the CTDPA, visit our website page on Connecticut Consumer Privacy. Other Sales: If you are a residential customer and would like to opt out of sales outside of Cookies you can do so by submitting an opt-out request on our Virginia Consumer Privacy or Connecticut Consumer Privacy pages. Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences Our website (“site”) uses cookies and tracking technologies (“Cookies”) to enable functionality, understand site performance, enable social media functions, enhance our marketing efforts, and serve more relevant content and advertisements to you. For more information, visit our Online Privacy Policy or Residential Privacy Policy . You have the option to adjust what categories of Cookies you allow us to place on your browser or device by changing the toggles below. Please note that your preferences are applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your Cookie preferences for each browser and device you use to access our site. If you clear the Cookies on your device or browser, you may need to set your Cookie preferences again. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic on the site so we may understand how people use our site and improve its performance. These cookies may be placed on our site by us (or by our vendors) to collect analytics, statistics, and other information about how you and others use the site. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. These cookies may be used by those partners to help show you more relevant advertisements on other websites.If you do not allow these cookies, you will still see advertisements on the internet, but they may be less relevant to you. Functional CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies enable the site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, including services and tools we have added to the site that are provided by other parties. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services or tools may not function properly. Essential Cookies These cookies are necessary for the site to function and cannot be switched off using this system. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you such as setting your privacy preferences or accessing your account. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work if you do so. Back Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label checkbox label labelOnline Privacy Policy Updated: June 19, 2023 To download and/or print our full Online Privacy Policy, see the PDF version of the Online Privacy Policy Online Privacy Policy Scope This Online Privacy Policy applies to your use of any online services (e.g., website, e-mail, or mobile app) that posts a link to this Online Privacy Policy, regardless of how you access or use it. However, if you subscribe to our communications or entertainment distribution services (“ Subscription Services ”) our Residential Privacy Notice or Cox Business Privacy Notice , and not this Online Privacy Policy, applies to your Subscription Services usage and account information. This Online Privacy Policy should be read in association with our Online Terms of Use , which govern the Online Service. Your California Privacy Rights California residents have certain additional privacy rights detailed in our California Consumer Privacy Notice . To the extent that there is a conflict between this Online Privacy Policy and the California Consumer Privacy Notice, the California Consumer Privacy Notice will control. Quick Links We have summarized the main topics of this Online Privacy Policy below. The complete provisions, and not the headings or summaries govern. Your Choices and Your State Privacy Rights You have certain choices regarding information collection and communications options explained in Section 10 , including: California residents have certain privacy rights detailed in Section 11 . Connecticut residents have certain privacy rights detailed in Section 12. Nevada residents have certain privacy rights detailed in Section 10.G . Virginia residents have certain privacy rights detailed in Section 13 . Although Cox does not look for or respond to “do not track” signals, you can find information on tracking technologies in Section 1.B . About Ads and Tracking: Learn about certain choice options regarding Tracking Technologies, including certain sharing of activities, location and/or cross-device usage for Online Interest-based Advertising and Addressable Advertising in Section 10 . Your options regarding accessing and changing certain of your Personally Identifiable Information are available in Section 9 . Your options regarding promotional communications are explained in Section 10.E ; and Collection of Information Cox may ask you to provide Personally Identifiable Information (e.g., name, address, e-mail, phone number, etc.), as well as other information (e.g., gender, interests, etc.), which may be required to access certain content, features, and functionality. More at Section 1.A . Cox and third parties may collect information from you automatically as you access the Online Service ( e.g. , information about the devices you use to access the Online Service and your usage activities). More at Section 1.B . We may automatically collect information through our use of cookies and similar technologies to keep track of your interactions with the Online Service, to serve you with ads on third-party services, and to offer you a more personalized and relevant experience. More at Section 1.B . The information Cox receives via the Online Service may be combined with information Cox receives from third parties and sources outside of the Online Service. More at Section 1.C . Use of Information The information Cox collects is used for a variety of purposes as detailed in this Online Privacy Policy. For example, your information helps Cox provide and improve the Online Service, communicate with you, serve advertising and offers to you, and operate Cox’s business. More at Section 2 . Disclosure of Information Cox may disclose the information that Cox receives from or about you via the Online Service (or give others access to it), including your Personally Identifiable Information, for a variety of purposes, as detailed in this Online Privacy Policy. More at Section 3 . These include, without limitation: to deliver and improve Cox’s services; for Cox’s Affiliates’ (defined below) marketing and other purposes; in connection with corporate transactions ( e.g. , merger or sale); in connection with your use of third-party services (More at Section 5 ); and in connection with sweepstakes, contests and promotions (More at Section 4 ). Cox may share your non-Personally Identifiable Information, aggregate and/or de-identified information about you except as prohibited by applicable law. Children and Minors Cox’s policies and practices regarding Personally Identifiable Information collected from children, children’s and minors’ privacy rights, and notice to parents of these rights, are explained at Section 8 . Questions and How to Contact Cox For more information about Cox’s privacy practices regarding the Online Service, read the full Online Privacy Policy.You can also contact us if you have questions or concerns. Online Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting an online service ( e.g. , website, email, or mobile app) that posts a link to this Online Privacy Policy ( "Online Service" ) owned or operated by CoxCom, LLC ( "Cox", "we", "us", or "our") . Our Subscription Services are separate and not part of the Online Service. This Online Privacy Policy will provide you with information as to how Cox collects, uses, and shares information about you, including the choices Cox offers with respect to that information, and applies to your use of any Online Service, regardless of how you access or use it. This Online Privacy Policy does not apply to Cox’s data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of the Online Service (unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection). For certain Online Services, there may be additional notices about information practices and choices. Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you. By visiting or otherwise using the Online Service, you agree to the Online Service’s Online Terms of Use and consent to Cox’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this Online Privacy Policy, and any additional privacy statements that may be posted on an applicable part of the Online Service. If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Online Service, and uninstall any Online Service downloads and applications. 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT A. Information about You that You Provide. Cox, and its Vendors (defined below), collect information you provide directly to Cox or its Vendors via the Online Service. For example, Cox collects information when you use or register for the Online Service, subscribe to notifications, post on the Online Service, participate in promotional activities, or communicate, use or transact through the Online Service. In addition, when you interact with Third- Party Services (defined below), you may be able to provide information to those third parties. For more information on Third-Party Services’ data collection and practices see Section 5 . For more information on Service Provider data collection and practices see Section 3 . Information Cox, its Vendors, and/or Third-Party Services may collect may include: personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, address, telephone number, Cox account number, user ID and password, PIN, and full payment account number ( "Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII" ). We, our Vendors, and third parties may deidentify and/or aggregate (e.g., the removal or modification of the personally identifiable elements, or the rendering of personally identifiable elements into non-personally identifiable elements through anonymization, pseudonymization, and/or hashing) PII (“ De-identified PII ” or “ non-PII ”). De-identified PII may be used and disclosed without obligation to you, except as prohibited by applicable law. B. Information Collected Automatically. Cox, its Vendors, and/or Third-Party Services may also automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the Online Service (“ Usage Information ”). Usage Information may include IP address, device identifier, browser type, operating system, information about your use of the Online Service (including referring URL, clicks, cursor movement, and scrolling activity), and data regarding network connected hardware ( e.g ., computer or mobile device). For more information on Third-Party Services’ data collection and practices see Section 5 . For more information on Service Provider data collection and practices see Section 3 . For information on choices some of these third parties may offer you regarding automated data collection see Section 10 . The methods that may be used on the Online Service to collect Usage Information include: Log Information: Log information is data about your use of the Online Service, such as IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, and may be stored in log files. Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Cookies, web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”), embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, device recognition technologies, in-app tracking methods, device and activity monitoring, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed (“ Tracking Technologies ”) may be used to collect information about interactions with the Online Service, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. Cookies A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device, which may include session ID cookies or tracking cookies.Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate the Online Service and expire when you close your browser. Tracking cookies remain longer and help us understand how you use the Online Service and enhance your user experience. Cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. If you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some but not all types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked and as a result some features, and functionalities of the Online Service may not work. HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. HTML5 cookies are locally stored on your device other than in the browser and browser settings won’t control them. The Online Service may associate some or all of these types of cookies with your devices. For more information on how to manage your cookie preferences see Section 10C . Embedded Scripts An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the Online Service. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from Cox’s web server, or from a third party with which Cox works and is active only while you are connected to the Online Service and deleted or deactivated thereafter. Location-identifying Technologies GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, geo-targeting, geo-fencing, and other location-aware technologies locate you (sometimes precisely), or make assumptions about your location, for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content based on your location. If you have enabled GPS or use other location-based features on the Online Service, your device location may be tracked by us and third parties. For example, our store finder feature may access and use information about your device location (such as based on IP address or GPS, as applicable), or your account information, to suggest appropriate store locations. Our Online Service content may be personalized based on various information we may have about you to try to provide you with more location-relevant content. Device Recognition Technologies Certain technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, link a common unique identifier to different device use (e.g., Facebook ID) and attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or household) (" Cross-device Data "). In-App Tracking Methods There are a variety of Tracking Technologies that may be included in mobile applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifiers, or other identifiers such as “Ad IDs” to associate app user activity to a particular app and to track user activity across apps and devices. Device and Activity Monitoring Technologies that monitor, and may record, certain of your interactions with the Online Service, including without limitation, keystrokes, and collect and analyze information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, and other data, for purposes such as identification, security, fraud prevention, troubleshooting, tracking and improving the Online Services and customizing or optimizing your experience on the Online Services. Some information about your use of the Online Service and certain third-party services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by Cox and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use and deliver relevant ads and other content to you on the Online Service and certain third-party services. See Section 10 regarding certain choices regarding these activities. Cox is giving you notice of the Tracking Technologies and your choices regarding them explained in Section 10 so that your consent to encountering them is meaningfully informed. C. Information Cox Collects From Other Sources. Cox may also obtain information about you from other sources, including Vendors and Third-Party Services, and combine that information with PII collected from your use of the Online Service. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Online Privacy Policy is not intended to limit Cox’s activities regarding such third-party-sourced, or non-Service-sourced, information, and such information will only be treated as PII in accordance with this Online Privacy Policy to the extent it is combined with PII collected by Cox. Cox is not responsible or liable for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or for third party policies or practices. 2.HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN Cox may use information about you, including PII, for any purposes not inconsistent with Cox’s statements under this Online Privacy Policy, or otherwise made by us in writing at the point of collection, and not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation, the following: Allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Online Service; Facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve your online experience; Transact with you, provide services or information you request, respond to your comments, questions and requests, serve you content and/or advertising, and send you notices; Cox’s Affiliates’ marketing and other purposes; Improve the Online Service and for any other internal business purposes; Tailor our content, advertisements, and offers; Fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time you provide PII or otherwise where we are legally permitted or are required to do so; Determine your location and manage digital content rights ( e.g. , territory restrictions); and Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm. 3. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE WITH THIRD PARTIES Cox may disclose non-PII and PII (provided that Cox is aware of no restrictions of Cox’s use, if any), with third parties or Cox and their affiliates ("Cox Affiliates") for any purpose. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we and third parties may convert your PII to non-PII, including without limitation through hashing it or substituting a unique identifier for the PII and we and third parties may use and disclose that data as permitted by applicable law, including to match data attributes to and from other sources. Any such third-party activities are subject to their privacy policies and practices. Cox’s disclosure of PII is, however, subject to the following: Marketing : We may use your PII to send you marketing communications. Absent your consent (which may be by means of opt-in, your election not to opt-out, or a third party interaction described in the next bullet point), however, Cox will not disclose your PII with third parties, other than Cox Affiliates, for their own direct marketing purposes, except in connection with Corporate Transactions (defined below). You may exercise certain communications choices as explained in Section 10.D . Your Disclosure or Consent : As more fully described in Section 5 (Third-Party Content, Third-Party Services, Social Features, Advertising and Analytics), your activities on the Online Service may, by their nature, result in the disclosure of your information with third parties and by engaging in these activities you consent to that and further disclosure to third parties. Such third-party data receipt and collection is subject to the privacy and business practices of that third party, not Cox. Cox may also disclose any information about you (including, without limitation, PII) for any purposes not inconsistent with this Online Privacy Policy, or our written statements at the point of collection, and otherwise not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation, for the following purposes: Cox’s agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively “Vendors”) may receive, or be given access to, your information, including, without limitation, PII and Usage Information, in connection with their work on Cox’s behalf, provided however, Cox does not authorize its Vendors to use PII provided by Cox to the Vendors to send you direct marketing messages other than related to Cox and Cox Affiliates absent your consent. For more information on choices Vendors may offer you see Section 10 Cox may disclose your PII to advertising networks, analytics providers, and marketing services companies in connection with displaying advertisements to you that we think may be of interest to you; To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and, where permitted, in response to a government request; and If Cox believes your actions are inconsistent with Cox’s Online Terms of Use, user agreements, applicable terms or policies, or to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of Cox and its employees, the Online Service or its users, including you, or any third party. In addition, Cox may disclose your PII and non-PII, in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing of our business, or merger, purchase, sale, joint venture, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of Cox assets, or transfer of all or a portion of Cox’s business to another company, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding (“ Corporate Transactions ”) 4.SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS Cox may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (each, a "Promotion" ), including Promotions jointly sponsored or offered by third parties, which may require submitting PII. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, your information, including PII, may be disclosed to Cox, co-sponsors, Vendors, and other third parties, including for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may include consent to additional or differing data practices from those contained in this Online Privacy Policy. Please review those rules carefully 5. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS. The Online Service may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection with, the Online Service ( e.g., apps, plug-ins, application programming interfaces, and software development kits), websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties (“ Third-Party Service(s) ”). These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit PII from you. Certain functionalities on the Online Service permit interactions that you initiate between the Online Service and certain Third-Party Services, such as third-party social networks (“ Social Features ”). Examples of Social Features include: enabling you to send content such as contacts and photos between the Online Service and a Third-Party Service; “liking” or “sharing” Cox’s content; logging in to the Online Service using your Third- Party Service account ( e.g., using Facebook Connect to sign in to the Online Service); and to otherwise connect the Online Service to a Third-Party Service ( e.g., to pull or push information to or from the Online Service). If you use Social Features and potentially other Third-Party Services, the information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Online Service or by the Third-Party Service that you use. Similarly, if you post information on a Third-Party Service that references the Online Service ( e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Cox or other Cox Affiliates in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with the Online Service or otherwise by Cox and Cox Affiliates. Also, both Cox and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Online Service and any Third-Party Service. Third-Party Services may also include third-party audience measurement services, including but not limited to Nielsen’s measurement software that is used for market research. More information about Nielsen’s measurement software and your choices regarding Nielsen’s measurement is available at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy . Cox may engage and work with Vendors and other Third Parties to serve advertisements on the Online Service and/or on third-party services. Some of these ads may be tailored to your interest based on your browsing of the Online Service and elsewhere on the Internet, which may include use of precise location and/or Cross-device Data, sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising” (“ Online Interest-based Advertising ”), which may include sending you an ad on a Third-Party Service after you have left the Online Service ( i.e., “retargeting”). Online Interest-based Advertising does not include targeted advertising based on your viewership preferences combined with other related information that may be part of our Subscription Services (“ Addressable Advertising ”). For more information on Addressable Advertising and your choices regarding it, please see our Residential Privacy Notice . Cox may use Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or other Vendors for analytics services. These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help Cox analyze Online Service users and how they use the Online Service. Information generated by these services ( e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by these Vendors and/or third parties on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these Vendors and/or third parties may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Online Service, compiling statistic reports on the Online Service’s activity, and providing other services relating to Online Service activity and other Internet usage. Cox is not responsible for, and makes no representations regarding, the policies or business practices of any third parties, including, without limitation, analytics Vendors and Third-Party Services associated with the Online Service, and encourages you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.See Section 10 for more on certain choices offered by some third parties regarding their data collection and use, including regarding Online Interest-based Advertising and analytics. 6. DATA SECURITY AND MONITORING Cox takes reasonable measures to protect Cox-Collected Online PII (excluding public UGC) from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and Cox does not guarantee the security of your information collected through the Online Service. To help protect you and others, Cox and its Service Providers may (but make no commitment to) monitor use of the Online Service, and may collect and use related information including Cox-Collected Online PII including, without limitation, to identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of, and investigate and/or seek prosecution for, any potential threats to or misuse of the Online Service; ensure compliance with the Online Terms of Use and this Online Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these documents; improve the Online Services and your Online Services experiences, and to protect the rights and property of Cox Affiliates, third parties, and other users. Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through our Online Service. If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Online Service. 7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER Cox is based in the U.S. and the information Cox and its Service Providers collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are located in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and/or Switzerland, please note that Cox does not intend to offer goods and services (including the Online Services) to EU, EEA, or Swiss individuals. If you are accessing the Online Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Online Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Online Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including PII, in the U.S. as set forth in this Online Privacy Policy. 8. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY The Online Service is intended for a general audience and not directed to children less than 13 years of age. Cox does not intend to collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (" COPPA ") ( "Children’s Personal Information" ) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA. California Minors have certain additional rights detailed in our California Consumer Privacy Notice. 9. ACCESSING AND CHANGING INFORMATION Cox may allow you to delete, correct, or update some Cox-Collected Online PII, and potentially certain other information about you ( e.g., profile and account information) by contacting a Customer Care representative or by signing into your Cox online account. Cox will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in Cox’s then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to completely change, remove or delete all of your information or public postings from Cox’s databases (California minors see Section 8 ) and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter. Further, we reserve the right to retain data (a) as required by applicable law; and (b) for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained except to the extent prohibited by applicable law. 10. CHOICES: TRACKING AND COMMUNICATIONS OPTIONS A. Tracking Technologies Generally. Browser cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Browsers offer different functionalities and options, so you may need to set them separately. Also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to HTML5 cookies, or other Tracking Technologies. Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some parts of the Online Service may not work and that when you revisit the Online Service your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations. Some app-related Tracking Technologies can only be disabled by uninstalling the app. To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or handset manufacturer.Apple and Google mobile device settings have settings to limit ad tracking, and other tracking, but these may not be completely effective. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to digital platforms or other online services you visit. Like many online services, Cox currently does not alter Cox’s practices when Cox receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. B. Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies. We may use tracking technologies to collect and use data in connection with your activity on the Online Services. You may exercise an opt out of Google analytics by going to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You may adjust your Google advertising settings by visiting adssettings.google.com . You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going to adobe.com/privacy/opt-out under the section labeled “For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud.” For Online Services, you may have the option to choose whether to receive some Online Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the third parties and Vendors that perform advertising-related services for us related to our Online Service and third parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Online Interest-based Advertising, including use of Cross-device Data for serving ads, visit aboutads.info/choices/ , and youradchoices.com/appchoices for information on the DAA’s opt-out program specifically for mobile apps (including use of precise location for third party ads). Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (" NAI "). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see optout.networkadvertising.org /. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Online Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Online Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads ( e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non- browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may no longer be effective. Cox supports the ad industry’s Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and expects that ad networks Cox directly engages to serve you Online Interest-based Advertising will do so as well, though Cox cannot guaranty their compliance. Cox is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. C. Managing Cookie Preferences Most web browsers accept cookies by default. We provide you with a way to manage your cookie preferences based on categories of cookies through our management tool available here . Blocking cookies on Online Services may affect the availability and functionality of the Online Services. Additionally, disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that use cookies to recognize devices that have opted out. Please note that the cookie preference tool linked here will only control the cookies on Cox.com. D. Mobile Apps. With respect to Cox’s mobile applications (“ Mobile App ”), you can stop all collection of data generated by use of the Mobile App by uninstalling the Mobile App. You may also be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain features ( e.g., location-based services, push notifications, accessing calendar/contacts/photos, etc.), by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device and/or the Mobile App’s settings. Beware that if GPS precise location services are disabled, other means of establishing or estimating location (e.g., connecting to or proximity to WiFi, Bluetooth, beacons, or our networks) may persist. To learn more about how you can control location permissions using your mobile device’s operating system settings, please visit the following links depending on which device you use: Android:For Android 6.0 and above: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/6270602?hl=en For earlier versions of Android: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/6014972 iOS: E. Communications.You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (e-mails or text messaging) from Cox at any time by (i) for promotional e-mails, following the instructions provided in e-mails to click on the unsubscribe link, or by changing your marketing communication preferences by logging onto your account; (ii) for text messages, following the instructions provided in text messages from Cox to text the word, “STOP”; and (iii) for Mobile App push notifications turn off push notifications on the settings of your device and/or the Mobile App, as applicable. Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address or phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions. If you opt-out of only certain communications, other subscription communications may continue. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, Cox may, subject to applicable law, continue to send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Cox’s ongoing business relations. F. Cross-Device Data. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Cross- device Data for Online Interest-based Advertising, see Section 10.B regarding the DAA’s Online Interest-based Advertising choices. G. Nevada Residents. For additional information regarding Nevada residents’ consumer privacy rights, please visit here . 11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California residents have certain additional rights as more fully detailed in our California Consumer Privacy Notice . In the event of a conflict between that notice and this policy, that notice will govern California resident’s privacy rights. California minors should see the "California Minors" section our California Consumer Privacy Notice regarding removal of certain content they have posted. 12. YOUR CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS This Section 12 applies to Connecticut residents that access or use our Online Services. Capitalized terms that are used in this Section 12 shall have the same meaning as under applicable Connecticut law. This Section 12 describes our collection, use, and disclosure of informational that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding de-identified or publicly available information (“ Personal Data ”). You can learn more about: the categories of Personal Data we process and disclose in Section 1 , the purpose for processing your Personal Data in Section 2 , and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose Personal Data in Section 3 . You can learn more about Cox’s data practices and your rights under the Connecticut law in ourFAQs here . If you are a Connecticut resident, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Access . You have the right to request access to a copy of any Personal Data that we may hold about you. Right to Correct . You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data. Right to Delete . You have the right to request that we delete all Personal Data that we have collected from or obtained about you. Right to Opt Out . You have the right to opt out of the following uses of your Personal Data: (i) Targeted Advertising; (ii) the Sale of Personal Data; and (iii) Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. At this time, we do not engage in profiling that we believe results in decisions that product legal or similarly significant effects. You may opt out of the Targeted Advertising by managing your cookie preferences here . Right to Appeal . If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to the exercise of one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision. Sensitive Data . Our processing of your Sensitive data will be based on your consent. For example, in the course of using our Online Services, you may allow us to use your precise geolocation. You may be able to limit or disallow this use of precise location data by adjusting the settings for our applications on your device’s privacy settings. Please note that in some cases general, non-precise geolocation may still be collected or inferred. We encourage Connecticut residents to exercise their privacy rights requests via the Connecticut Consumer Privacy portal here . As described above in Section 9 , you may access, delete, and correct certain Personal Data through your Cox online account. If you choose to exercise any of the privacy rights described above, you will not receive discriminatory treatment from us. Please note that, depending on the nature of your request, you may be asked to provide information to verify your identity before your request can be processed. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request as soon as we reasonably can and no later than legally required.You may exercise your privacy rights under Connecticut law free of charge up to no more than twice annually. If you make a privacy rights request, we will retain the Personal Data provided to us to fulfill your privacy rights request for our recordkeeping purposes. 13. YOUR VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS This Section 13 applies to Virginia residents that access or use our Online Services. Capitalized terms that are used in this Section 13 shall have the same meaning as under applicable Virginia law. This Section 13 describes our collection, use, and disclosure of informational that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding de-identified or publicly available information (“ Personal Data ”). You can learn more about: the categories of Personal Data we process and disclose in Section 1 , the purpose for processing your Personal Data in Section 2 , and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose Personal Data in Section 3 . You can learn more about Cox’s data practices and your rights under the Virginia law in our FAQs here . If you are a Virginia resident, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Access . You have the right to request access to a copy of any Personal Data that we may hold about you. Right to Correct . You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data Right to Delete . You have the right to request that we delete all Personal Data that we have collected from or obtained about you Right to Opt Out . You have the right to opt out of the following uses of your Personal Data: (i) Targeted Advertising; (ii) the Sale of Personal Data; and (iii) Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. At this time, we do not engage in profiling that we believe results in decisions that product legal or similarly significant effects. You may opt out of the Targeted Advertising by managing your cookie preferences here . Right to Appeal . If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to the exercise of one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision. Sensitive Data . Our processing of your Sensitive data will be based on your consent. For example, in the course of using our Online Services, you may allow us to use your precise geolocation. You may be able to limit or disallow this use of precise location data by adjusting the settings for our applications on your device’s privacy settings. Please note that in some cases general, non-precise geolocation may still be collected or inferred. You may exercise your privacy rights free of charge up to no more than twice annual. We encourage Virginia residents to exercise their privacy rights requests via the Virginia Consumer Privacy portal here . As described above in Section 9 , you may access, delete, and correct certain Personal Data through your Cox online account. If you choose to exercise any of the privacy rights described above, you will not receive discriminatory treatment from us. 14. CHANGES TO THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to change this Online Privacy Policy. We will indicate changes to this Online Privacy Policy by changing the “Effective Date” at the top of this Policy. Your continued use of our Online Service after any update to this Online Privacy Policy indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use. To the extent any provision of this Online Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable. 15. CONTACT COX If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy, please contact Cox here or at 6205-B Peachtree Dunwoody Road NE, Atlanta, GA 30328 (Attention: Privacy Operations). © 1998 - 2023 Cox Communications, Inc. Privacy Preference Center State Specific RightsManaging Your Privacy Choices and Cookie PreferencesEssential Cookies State Specific Rights Opt Out Preference Signal : If you would like to opt out of sales and sharing via an opt out preference signal, you can do so by utilizing a browser or extension that supports opt out preference signals. California Residents : If you are a California resident who wishes to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) via cookies and tracking technologies (“Cookies”) on this website, you can do so by adjusting all of the toggles in the Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences tab. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. To learn more about your rights under the CCPA, visit our website page on California Consumer Privacy.Other Sales: If you are a residential customer and would like to opt out of sales outside of Cookies you can do so by submitting an opt-out request here. Virginia and Connecticut Residents : If you are a Virginia or Connecticut resident and you would like to opt out of targeted advertising as defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) or the Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CTDPA"), you can do so by turning off the targeting cookies in the Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences tab. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. To learn more about your rights under the VCDPA, visit our website page on Virginia Consumer Privacy. To learn more about your rights under the CTDPA, visit our website page on Connecticut Consumer Privacy. Other Sales: If you are a residential customer and would like to opt out of sales outside of Cookies you can do so by submitting an opt-out request on our Virginia Consumer Privacy or Connecticut Consumer Privacy pages. Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences Managing Your Privacy Choices and Cookie Preferences Our website (“site”) uses cookies and tracking technologies (“Cookies”) to enable functionality, understand site performance, enable social media functions, enhance our marketing efforts, and serve more relevant content and advertisements to you. For more information, visit our Online Privacy Policy or Residential Privacy Policy . You have the option to adjust what categories of Cookies you allow us to place on your browser or device by changing the toggles below. Please note that your preferences are applied on a browser and device basis, and you will need to set your Cookie preferences for each browser and device you use to access our site. If you clear the Cookies on your device or browser, you may need to set your Cookie preferences again. You must click on the "Confirm My Choices" button to make your changes effective. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic on the site so we may understand how people use our site and improve its performance. These cookies may be placed on our site by us (or by our vendors) to collect analytics, statistics, and other information about how you and others use the site. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. These cookies may be used by those partners to help show you more relevant advertisements on other websites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still see advertisements on the internet, but they may be less relevant to you. Functional CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies enable the site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, including services and tools we have added to the site that are provided by other parties. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services or tools may not function properly. Essential Cookies These cookies are necessary for the site to function and cannot be switched off using this system. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you such as setting your privacy preferences or accessing your account. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work if you do so. Back Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label checkbox label label