CCPA Privacy Policy Table of Contents CCPA Privacy Policy Please note that the content of this privacy policy, which is aimed solely at providing California residents with relevant information under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), must be construed in addition and not in lieu of Criteo’s full Privacy Policy, available here . If you are a California resident, the CCPA grants you several rights; to exercise these rights, please procure them with a power of attorney. Right to Know You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and “sell”. Criteo collects the following categories of personal information for the purpose of displaying personalized ads: Categories personal information we may collect: Identifiers (e.g. Cookie IDs, Mobile Advertising IDs, hashed email addresses, IP addresses, User Agent, etc.)Internet or other electronic network activity information: Browsing history (e.g. URL of the websites browsed, name of the apps opened)Interactions with an Internet Web site, mobile application or advertisement (e.g. ads seen, clicked, etc.) Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered (e.g. products seen, put in basket, bought) To learn more about the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected and the categories of third parties with whom we may share personal information, click here . In line with our Advertising Guidelines and Supply Partner Guidelines , we do not knowingly collect the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. To get a copy of the personal information we may currently hold about you, please send us an email at dpo@criteo.com . Right to Delete You have the right to request that Criteo deletes the personal information we currently hold about you. To exercise this right, simply follow the instructions available by clicking on the button below. Right to correct You have the right to request that Criteo correct inaccurate personal information. To exercise this right, please send us an email at dpo@criteo.com . Right to Opt-Out of ‘Sales’ or ‘Sharing’ of Personal Information If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to request that Criteo no longer “sells” or “shares” your personal information. To opt-out of these “sales” or “sharing” and to more generally disable all Criteo Services, simply follow the instructions available by clicking on the button below: Disable Criteo services Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. You can contact our Data Protection Officer: By email dpo@criteo.com , orBy mail: DPO-CRITEO – 32 Rue Blanche -75009 Paris – France Last updated: 03/09/23 Customers & Partners Resources About Talk To an Expert Join Our Team Copyright © Criteo 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Preference Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Statistics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use Cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing your navigation, you accept the placement and use of Cookies. To learn more about Cookies or opt-out from these services please see our privacy policyCriteo Privacy Guidelines for Clients and Publisher Partners As a global company with headquarters in Europe, Criteo has a strong foundation of dealing with several industry best practices, standards and regulations. It is Criteo’s view that consistency and certainty around privacy and data protection is a win-win for businesses and the consumers they serve. It is for this reason that Criteo is committed to comply with applicable laws and regulations in all countries where it operates, including notably the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that harmonizes the different data privacy laws across the European Union’s member states, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as well as the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD). Criteo is supporting its advertiser clients (“Advertiser”) and publisher partners, including Retail Media retailers (“Publishers”) through their compliance journey by sharing guidelines and best-practices about how to meet their own legal obligations: 1. Information Requirement: You are required to be transparent with the users who visit your properties (websites/apps) Clear , easily accessible and comprehensive information about the collection with tags and use of data related of your users must be provided on your properties. What information should be provided to users? Depending on the data protection regulation that applies to you, the information required may be slightly different. For instance, for websites and apps that target the European market, the information required includes: This includes your corporate name and address. This includes Criteo which acts as a joint controller. Data collected by Criteo via cookies and non-cookie technologies are used for the purpose of serving targeted advertising based on the recognition of the user’s device and the collection of information about his/her browsing activity in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to the user. If you are an Advertiser: the processing enables you to show advertisements for your products and/or services to users on third-party websites and apps. If you are a Publisher: the processing enables brands and e-commerce retailers and service providers to show advertisements for their products and/or services to users on your website. For Advertisers and Publishers sharing data with Criteo for cross-device linking purposes, such as advertisers live on Criteo Shopper Graph: You may share data, such as technical identifiers derived from users’ registration information on your website or your CRM system with your advertising partners. This allows them to link devices or browsers and provide users with a seamless experience across the different environments used or likely to be used by them. For example, this can be made by making choices on your cookie consent tool. If a user consents to Criteo tags, he/she will benefit from personalized advertising and the user’s technical identifiers may be used to link devices or browsers to provide him/her with a seamless experience across the different environments used or likely used by him/her. If a user refuses Criteo tags he/she will not benefit from personalized online advertising The user should be informed how he/she can withdraw consent which was previously given to you. For Criteo services, consent can also be withdrawn through Criteo’s Privacy Policy . A layered approach can be used to provide such information to the user. A layered approach involves providing the key information to users together with links to obtain more detailed information. When and where should this information be provided? The information should: be provided to users before they are offered a choice to give (or refuse to give) consent in a visible and obvious manner; andbe available at all times at a permanent location, for example in a “Cookie Policy” easily accessible on the property. What kind of wording should be used? Plain language wording should be used. Complex, technical or purely legal wording should be avoided. What if the GDPR does not apply to me and my properties? Disregarding the laws that apply to you, it is Criteo’s view that transparency with users is always beneficial if we want to foster trust in our respective services and in the entire digital economy . Being transparent involves describing in a comprehensive and user-friendly way how their data will be used and by who. That is the reason why Criteo strongly recommends that its partners include in their privacy policies a notice about the data collection for the purpose of serving interest-based advertising. 2.Consent Requirement: You shall collect the consent across your properties for your use of Criteo services when legally compulsory Under Criteo Terms and Conditions, in all countries where collecting consent is mandatory for the use of our services, it is our clients and publisher partners’ responsibility to collect valid consent of their users prior to any Criteo tags being fired. This is justified by the fact that you have direct access to users and that you control the choice mechanisms which are used on your properties to collect the consent of users for the implementation of different third-party tags. Under what conditions is consent valid? Under EU laws, consent is considered valid provided that it is freely given , specific , informed and unambiguous . What does “freely given” and “specific” mean? Users should be able to give consent or refuse to give it for each processing purpose. In addition, it is also possible to provide “global” acceptance and “global” refusal options which will apply to more than one purpose. What does “informed” mean? This means that users should have all information about the use of cookies and non-cookie technologies by Criteo for the purpose of serving targeted advertising in hand before they give their consent (see section 1 above). What does “unambiguous” mean? Consent must be given by a positive act . Continued browsing, scrolling or the use of a website or app is not considered as valid consent. Using pre-ticked boxes does not qualify as valid consent either. Lack of action from a user cannot be interpreted as valid consent. Do I need to allow users to refuse to give consent? Yes. Users should be allowed to refuse the use of Criteo tags as simply as they could consent to it. For example, if users have the option to consent to more than one purpose at a time, users should have the option to refuse to give consent to such purposes as simply as giving their consent. Do I need to allow users to withdraw the consent they have previously given? Yes. Users should be able to withdraw consent for any reason, at any time. The means to withdraw consent should be made easily accessible to users. Withdrawing consent should be as easy as giving it. Can I rely on browser settings to collect consent? No. Data protection authorities consider that browser settings do not allow to collect valid consent. How long should I keep users’ choices for? Users’ choice should be retained at least while they are browsing or using the property. The maximum period retention should be adequate to the nature of the property and its audience. Do we need to keep track of consent given by users? Yes. You must be able to demonstrate, at any time, that you have collected valid consent. You should be able to provide Criteo with proof of the consent which you have collected for each user, at Criteo’s request. For more information about the GDPR and its application to advertisers and publishers: Please note that the information provided here does not constitute legal advice, nor is this information intended to create or rise to the level of an attorney-client relationship. You should seek professional legal advice where appropriate. Last updated: 05/01/2021 Customers & Partners Resources About Talk To an Expert Join Our Team Copyright © Criteo 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Preference Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Statistics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use Cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing your navigation, you accept the placement and use of Cookies. To learn more about Cookies or opt-out from these services please see our privacy policyOpen mobile menu Platform Platform Commerce Media PlatformThe connected commerce media environment for the open internet Commerce Growth For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention Commerce Max For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet Commerce Grid For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic Commerce Yield Coming Soon For large media owners and retailers looking for programmatic monetization Technology AI Engine Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs Predictive Bidding Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money Product Recommendations Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales Dynamic Creative Optimization+ Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen Shopper Graph Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns Read More Solutions Solutions Customer Acquisition Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet Customer Retention Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you Dynamic Retargeting Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads Audiences Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset Video Advertising Drive discovery and engagement with CTV, OTT and online video Contextual Advertising Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data Retail Media Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale Ad Trust and Safety Maintain the highest level of quality and performance Read More Resources General Resource Center Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy Blog Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising Success Stories How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo Consumer Trends The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories Glossary Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology Events See where Criteo will be next Support Center FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns Creative Formats Digital Ad Formats Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more Ad Gallery Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions Read More 100% ROAS (contextual targeting) ~600M Impressions About About Company Get to know Criteo Investors Information for investors In the News Press releases and mentions Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Our DEI pillars, goals, and more Corporate Responsibility Our CSR commitments Product Ethics How we ensure ethical advertising Careers Explore open opportunities Find your job Search for: PlatformPlatformCommerce Media PlatformThe connected commerce media environment for the open internet Commerce Growth For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention Commerce Max For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet Commerce Grid For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic Commerce Yield Coming Soon For large media owners and retailers looking for programmatic monetization Technology AI Engine Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs Predictive Bidding Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money Product Recommendations Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales Dynamic Creative Optimization+ Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen Shopper Graph Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns SolutionsSolutionsCustomer Acquisition Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet Customer Retention Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you Dynamic Retargeting Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads Audiences Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset Video Advertising Drive discovery and engagement with CTV, OTT and online video Contextual Advertising Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data Retail Media Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale Ad Trust and Safety Maintain the highest level of quality and performance ResourcesGeneralResource Center Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy Blog Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising Success Stories How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo Consumer Trends The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories Glossary Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology Events See where Criteo will be next Support Center FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns Creative Formats Digital Ad Formats Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more Ad Gallery Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions AboutAboutCompany Get to know Criteo Investors Information for investors In the News Press releases and mentions Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Our DEI pillars, goals, and more Corporate Responsibility Our CSR commitments Product Ethics How we ensure ethical advertising Careers Explore open opportunities Search for: Search Select your Language English Our partners Table of Contents Our partners We encourage you to read Criteo partners’ policies to understand their privacy practices and any options that they provide you for exercising your rights on data related to you.Supply-side platforms Millennial Data platforms Partners allowing us to match several identifiers Partners allowing us to fight against fraud Partners who allow us to approximate your general location Audience partners Customers & Partners Resources About Talk To an Expert Join Our Team Copyright © Criteo 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Preference Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Statistics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use Cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing your navigation, you accept the placement and use of Cookies. To learn more about Cookies or opt-out from these services please see our privacy policyPrivacy Policy Table of Contents Privacy Policy Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies. Disable Criteo services Our activity Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”). How do our services work? Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased. Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo . This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment. When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space. The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms. Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you: When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected. Example of data collected by Criteo: The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com. Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website. Example of aggregated data available: In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website In general, Product C is popular on this website When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces. Example of data collected by Criteo: An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it. Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products: Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session Product C, because this product is popular. Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us. Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion: on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”) . In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g.interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are. We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you. Our privacy pillars We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy. We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy. Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers. Key elements include: As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services. We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors. Our ads do not require: To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application. To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time. Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising. Digital Advertising Alliance Criteo complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising and is integrated on the DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform , which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services. European Digital Advertising Alliance Criteo complies with the self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) . The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection. Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Criteo respects the self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) and is present on the DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices” , which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services. Network Advertising Initiative Criteo adheres to the codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and is integrated with the NAI unsubscription platform , which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.IAB Europe Criteo respects the IAB Europe principles on online behavioural advertising and is integrated with the IAB Europe unsubscription platform “YourOnlineChoices” , which offers you the opportunity to express your choices about online advertising to all its stakeholders, including your desire to disable their services. We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the Criteo Advertising Guidelines and Supply Partner Guidelines , as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR. By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it: to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; andto collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements. In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them. Your data, your choice Understand my rights in relation to my personal data. Learn more about how we use your data . Disable Criteo services . Contact us . Changes to our privacy policy Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Last updated : 11/03/2022 Customers & Partners Resources About Talk To an Expert Join Our Team Copyright © Criteo 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Preference Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Statistics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use Cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing your navigation, you accept the placement and use of Cookies. To learn more about Cookies or opt-out from these services please see our privacy policyCriteo Website Privacy Policy Criteo takes your privacy very seriously. This privacy policy governs and details the main privacy principles we apply to the data we collect through our website www.criteo.com . To access our privacy policy governing our advertising service only, please click here . To access our privacy policy governing our recruitment process only, please click here . Data collection and use of personally identifiable information Collection. We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, phone number, company name and email address, directly from you when you choose to enter it on our website, for instance when you complete the “Contact Us” form. Use. We use this information to respond to the request or inquiry you have submitted to us through the contact form or other entry field. We also use this information for marketing purposes, such as to send you our newsletter or other promotional emails. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these communications. With your consent, we may also post your name and a testimonial on our site. Consent. The collection of personal data based on your consent is done by using a consent form as for instance on our Contact Us page. Your consent is stored and documented in our systems. You may withdraw any consent to personal data processing at any time. Contract. We also use personal information for fulfilling our obligations related to contracts and agreements with customers, partners and suppliers. Legitimate interest. We may use your personal data if it is considered to be of legitimate interest, and if your privacy interests do not override this interest. Normally, to establish the legal basis for data collection, an assessment has been made during which a mutual interest between you and Criteo has been identified. This legal basis is primarily related to our sales and marketing purposes. We will always inform you about your privacy rights and the purpose for collecting your personal data. In such cases, you can always choose to object to the processing of your personal data. Information Sharing. We do not share your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We may share your information with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, and trusted third party service providers working under the instruction of Criteo, such as an email service provider, hosting provider or data center, exclusively for storage purposes. Such third parties who provide services on our behalf are authorized to use your personal information only as strictly necessary to provide these services to us. We of course remain responsible for making sure they commit themselves to adhere to this privacy policy and applicable data protection legislation by signing a data processing agreement. In this context, please note that Criteo may transfer your personal data outside the European Union as part of its processing. In such case the organization receiving your personal data will have provided to Criteo adequate safeguards such as execution of the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for transfer to third countries, or another specifically stated lawful basis for the transfer of personal data to a third country. Legal Disclaimer. We reserve the right to disclose or transfer your personally identifiable information as required by law, as part of a merger, acquisition, dissolution or sale of assets, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change of ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent. Others’ Websites. Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit. Access. Upon request, Criteo will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may update, access or request deletion of your personally identifiable information by contacting us at dpo@criteo.com . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Rectification and erasure. You may request Criteo the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you, as well as the completion of incomplete personal data.You may also request Criteo to erase without undue delay your personal data when it is no longer necessary for Criteo to retain such data. Portability. Upon request, Criteo will provide you with the personal data you that provided to us and, if possible, will communicate this information directly to another data controller of your choice in a portable format when the processing is based on consent or contract. Data collection and use Passive Collection. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. Tracking Technologies. Criteo and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, and track users’ movements around the website. We use cookies which are small text file stored on a user’s computer. The cookies store non-personally identifiable information related to your navigation on our website. Our website also uses web beacons, which are embedded invisibly on Web pages. Web beacons help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website. Our cookies are placed for the following purposes: Personalization of your navigation. These cookies enable us to recognize you and remember any information you have entered during your navigation on our website (such as language choice, country you are browsing from, or browser type). This makes your visit on our website easier as we don’t ask you the same information several times during your navigation.Demonstration page. These cookies are cookies we use for our advertising service, but on our website, we do not use these cookies to serve personalized advertisements. These cookies enable us to deliver our demonstration page that illustrates how our advertising service is running. For more information on our advertising service, please refer to our Advertising Services Privacy Policy . Third parties cookies and web beacons may be placed on our website for the following purposes: Analysis of our website activity. We use Crazy Egg, Google Analytics and Pardot cookies, Intercom cookies and web beacons to collect information related to the web traffic and number of visitors. These are tools that enable us to measure the performance of the navigation on our website and provide you with personalised marketing messages. For more information on the cookies used by these websites, you can refer to their specific privacy statements listed below: To illustrate our website we may embed videos from YouTube. When you watch these videos, YouTube may set cookies. We do not control the placement of these cookies, and for more information on these cookies and how to opt-out, please refer to YouTube specific privacy statements: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ . The YouTube videos on our site may also use local storage objects (LSOs) to store preferences like volume control. LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here . We use communication tools to share links with social networks. If you click on these features, such as social media widgets or “share” buttons, the company providing them may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site and may place cookies when you are connected into their services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. For more information on the cookies used by these websites, you can refer to their specific privacy statements listed below: Search Engine Marketing. We use Google AdWords service to advertise on the Google search result page. Google uses cookies to serve ads based on your past visits on our website. For more information on Google AdWords services and how to opt-out, please refer to Google specific privacy policy and settings for Google ads . Online advertising. Our website uses cookies for the purpose of personalized advertising. This enables us to show our advertisements to visitors who are interested in our products on partner websites and apps.Retargeting technologies rely on cookies or similar technologies to display advertisements based on your past browsing behavior. You can opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the following websites: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ To read more about the technologies used by our partners, please refer to their privacy policy listed in the above-mentioned platforms or listed below: You can always find information and update your cookies settings to accept or reject them by visiting the [Cookie Management] page at the bottom of each page of the site. We do not process any of this information, directly or indirectly, with the help of a third party or otherwise, to determine your identity. Data security and retention The security of your information is fundamental to Criteo. We have implemented industry standard security measures, which include the use of firewalls and encryption to protect your personal information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, you may contact us at dpo@criteo.com . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Click here for cookie management. Criteo commitments Criteo collects and uses data in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to laws governing privacy and data protection. Contact Company: Criteo Capital: € 1,652,127.43 Registration No: 484 786 249 RCS Paris Address: 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France Tel: +33 (0) 1 40 40 22 90 Email address: Criteo is the data controller and our Data Protection Officer can be contacted for any question on this privacy policy by email or mail : By email dpo@criteo.com , orBy mail: DPO-CRITEO – 32 Rue Blanche -75009 Paris – France If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . You may also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, for instance in France: CNIL ( www.cnil.fr ) Changes to our privacy policy Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check the Criteo website criteo.com for the latest version of the privacy policy. Effective Date: 11/26/2020 Customers & Partners Resources About Talk To an Expert Join Our Team Copyright © Criteo 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Preference Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Statistics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use Cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing your navigation, you accept the placement and use of Cookies. To learn more about Cookies or opt-out from these services please see our privacy policy