Privacy Policy Statement This privacy policy statement should be read together with the personal information collection statement . We pledge to comply with the requirements of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the People's Republic of China. Data Collection We collect your personal information: when you use a form on this website to subscribe to our information services of this website, to participate in any activities provided on this website or to change your personal information; when you provide information by telephone or in documents, such as applying for use of services provided by the Innovation and Technology Commission Funding Administrative System ('ITCFAS'), making applications under the Innovation and Technology Fund ('Fund'), participating in any activities related to ITCFAS, submitting your own work (e.g. articles or art works) or expressing your opinions; when you log in or come to this website, at which time our network servers will automatically record and verify your domain name and IP address and track the pages you visit. This information does not identify you as an individual;and when legally required to do so. Your visiting this website will trigger the use of our cookies, which are stored in your computer's hard drive for the purpose of facilitating your navigation of this website only. No personally identifiable information is collected through cookies. You may refuse to accept the cookies by adjusting the setting of your computer, but you may not be able to utilize certain functions of this website (e.g. banner display) as a result. We will use your personal information to: send you information to which you have subscribed or any other information about this website or the Fund; provide the services you require and process your application made under the Fund or applications for participating in any activities related to ITCFAS; contact you for feedback, survey, or whatever purposes; and maintain and develop our systems, research and develop our services, and conduct and publish statistical and data analysis. Disclosure Subject to 2.2 below, we do not sell, trade or disclose to any third party any information you provided unless we have been authorized by you or are required by the law. We reserve the rights to disclose your personal information to other government departments or appropriate third parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary: to protect our rights and properties in relation to this website and other users of this website; to comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order; to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this website or any services we provide in relation to the Fund; or during emergencies, such as when somebody's safety is at risk. When you click on a hyperlink referencing to any other websites, you are leaving this website for another location. We are not liable to or responsible for your exposure to cookies and the privacy or security of any personal information you subsequently provide at the new location. Security Every registered user has his or her private password, and our system allows restricted access with that password only. Access to personal information is only granted by using the authorized password. We will protect all personal data in our system, but will not guarantee that the transmission of data is absolutely secure. If you discover any of your personal data being disclosed to a third party, please contact us immediately. You should not reveal your password to any third parties. We are only responsible for protecting the passwords within our system. You should avoid saving your password in the computer hard disk, and you must close the browser window immediately after you have logged out, in order to prevent others from accessing your personal information. Changing Your Personal Information You may use the HTML forms provided in this website to correct or update your personal information. In response, we may ask you to provide details for verification purpose. Enquiries If you have any question about the privacy policy of this website, please contact us by email at enquiry@itf.gov.hk . This privacy policy statement is subject to change. Any change will be posted on this webpage. TOP 2020 © 1. R&D Centres R&D Centres refer to - Automotive Platforms and Application Systems R&D Centre;Hong Kong Research Institute of Textiles and Apparel;Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute, designated as the R&D Centre for Information and Communications Technologies;Logistics and Supply Chain MultiTech R&D Centre; andNano and Advanced Materials Institute. 2.Designated local public research institutes Designated local public research institutes refer to local universities (including all University Grants Committee-funded institutions), self-financing degree-awarding institutions registered under the Post-Secondary Colleges Ordinance (Cap. 320), the Hong Kong Productivity Council, the Vocational Training Council, the Clothing Industry Training Authority and the Hong Kong Institute of Biotechnology. 3. Government subvented organisation A government subvented organisation means an organisation that receives subvention from the Government on a recurrent basis. The subvention contributes towards the organisation's operational expenses, in exchange for its service to the public. The recurrent subvention may account for the bulk of the organisation's income or may just be a token contribution/sponsorship forming a small percentage of the organisation's total income. 4. Designated local public research institutes for Partnership projects The designated local public research institutes for Partnership projects include: local universities;R&D Centres set up by the Government;Hong Kong Productivity Council;Vocational Training Council; andHong Kong Institute of Biotechnology. 5. Graduate tenants Graduate tenants refer to graduates from the incubation programmes who have then become tenants of HKSTPC or Cyberport. 6. Well-recognised non-local institutions This refers to those that are among the top 100 institutions for related subjects in the latest publication of world university ranking tables, i.e. the Quacquarelli Symonds World University Rankings, Academic Ranking of World Universities or Times Higher Education World University Rankings. 7. Projects falling under the Automotive Platforms and Application Systems R&D Centre For projects falling under the Automotive Platforms and Application Systems R&D Centre (APAS), they will be solicited by APAS, processed by the ITC, vetted by the Innovation and Technology Fund Research Projects Assessment Panel, and monitored by APAS. The six universities 8. The six universities are The University of Hong Kong, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, City University of Hong Kong, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong Baptist University and The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. The application deadline 9. The application deadline refers to the date set for the universities to forward their recommendations to the Innovation and Technology Commission, and such date normally falls in February every year. The three-year period 10. The three-year period should count consecutively from the first year that a start-up is approved for TSSSU funding. For example, if a start-up was first approved for funding in 2017-18 (Year one) and only applied for continued funding in 2019-20 (Year three), it will not be eligible for seeking further funding in 2020-21 (Year four). R&D projects funded by the ITF 11. R&D projects funded by the ITF include projects funded under the Innovation and Technology Support Programme (ITSP), the Guangdong-Hong Kong Technology Cooperation Funding Scheme (TCFS), the Mainland-Hong Kong Joint Funding Scheme (MHKJFS), the Partnership Research Programme (PRP), the Matching Grant for Joint Research Scheme (UIM) of the University-Industry Collaboration Programme (UICP), the Enterprise Support Scheme (ESS), and the Midstream Research Programme for Universities (MRP), as well as R&D projects undertaken by research centres and laboratories in the research clusters of the InnoHK. Government subvented organization 12. A government subvented organisation means an organisation that receives any grant towards its operational expenses from any government on a recurrent basis in exchange for its services to the public. The recurrent grant may account for the bulk of the organisation's income or may just be a token contribution/sponsorship forming a small percentage of the organisation's total income. Supported programmes/schemes 13. The following programmes/schemes are supported: Innovation and Technology Support Programme (ITSP)Mainland-Hong Kong Joint Funding Scheme (MHKJFS)Guangdong-Hong Kong Technology Cooperation Funding Scheme (TCFS)Partnership Research Programme (PRP)Midstream Research Programme for Universities (MRP)University-Industry Collaboration Programme (UICP) (except for submission of applications)Enterprise Support Scheme (ESS)Public Sector Trial Scheme (PSTS)Re-industrialisation Funding Scheme (RFS) General Support Programme (GSP)Research Talent Hub (RTH) STEM 14. STEM refers to the academic disciplines of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. Local students 15.According to the Education Bureau, holders of the following documents are classified as local students – Hong Kong Permanent Identity Card;Documents issued by the Hong Kong Immigration Department certifying the right of abode / right to land in Hong Kong;Document of Identity / One-way permit for entry to Hong Kong;Dependant visa / entry permit (for students who were below 18 years old when they were issued with such visa / entry permit by the Director of Immigration);Full-time employment visa / work permit (for part-time study);Visa / entry permit for Quality Migrant Admission Scheme; Visa / entry permit for Capital Investment Entrant Scheme;Visa / Entry permit for Admission Scheme for the Second Generation of Chinese Hong Kong Permanent Residents; orVisa label for unconditional stay. Honorarium level 16. The employers in Hong Kong should also observe the relevant requirements under the Minimum Wages Ordinance (Cap. 608). Further information is available at the website of the Labour Department . Non-local students 17. Non-local students are only allowed to enrol in local internships under the Scheme. Government subvented organisation 18. A government subvented organisation means an organisation that receives grant from the government on a recurrent basis. The grant contributes towards the organisation's operational expenses, in exchange of its service to the public. The recurrent grant may account for the bulk of the organisation's income or may just be a token contribution/sponsorship forming a small percentage of the organisation's total income. Per month 19. For the purpose of calculating allowance under the Scheme, one month has 30 days.