Privacy at Datadog Datadog takes great pride in our respect for customer and employee privacy and has a team dedicated to ensuring that the company meets its global privacy requirements and protects the privacy of individuals, customers, applicants, and employees. Our Core Privacy Tenets Transparency We believe that our customer’s trust in us is best solidified by utmost transparency. From our data handling practices to our policies and procedures, Datadog knows the strongest customer relationships are built upon honesty and visibility. We are equally committed to the privacy of our employees, and promote transparency about how employee data is managed. Privacy as a Feature Datadog doesn’t just think of customer privacy once something goes wrong. Privacy is embedded into our products, with direct impact into how features are engineered and implemented. Global Compliance At Datadog we know our customers do business all over the world. Our Privacy Team is trained on data protection laws and regulations spanning the globe. We translate those requirements into measurable controls in order to ensure compliance. Data Handling Methods of collection You manage the quantity and types of data that is sent to Datadog through your use and configuration of the Datadog Agent, APIs, and integrations. These APIs, agents, and integrations may be made available by Datadog or your component providers, or they may be built by your own teams. Those made available by Datadog are primarily open source and subject to one of several open source licenses. As open source tools, their code can be independently vetted by you for copyright, errors, and malicious code. Types of data Datadog provides you with a single pane of glass to enable effective analysis of the operations of your infrastructure and applications. In addition to the basic business information provided to use our services, such as name and email address, Datadog will collect data needed to provide the product we offer. For customers sharing more sensitive information, including personal data, additional contractual obligations may be required to meet regulatory requirements. We provide Service-Specific and Other Supplemental Terms , a data processing addendum (DPA) , or a Business Associate Agreement (BAA), depending on the type of data that will be shared. Exclusion of data Datadog provides instructions, tools, and recommendations to enable you to scrub, obfuscate, filter, and otherwise reduce the inclusion of, and access to, any unnecessary private or personal data that may be contained in the data you choose to share with Datadog. For more information on these tools and recommendations please review our docs . Location of data Your team selects the country where your data will be hosted from a pre-specified list of locations when setting up the account. Datadog will not change your data’s hosting location. Data may be accessed by your personnel and Datadog’s personnel outside of your host country as part of our follow-the-sun support model. Security of data Privacy, security, and confidentiality are part of the design of the Datadog platform and each service we offer. Datadog provides privacy and security training for all its employees. You can visit our security page for an overview of our security posture and discussion of our SOC 2 Type 2 audit, ISO 27001 certification, and participation in the Cloud Security Alliance. Datadog has created a self-service portal that customers and prospects can use to review the documents that support its privacy, security, and compliance programs. Please reach out to your Datadog representative who can assist you with gaining access to this portal for detailed documentation relevant to the security of Datadog’s platform, including copies of our independent third-party audit certificates, BC/DR plans, and more. Privacy by Region EMEA General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a decision in Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems (“Schrems II”), in which it held, among other things, that (1) the U.S.’s Privacy Shield program could no longer be used for data transfers to the U.S., and (2) the transfer mechanisms identified in the GDPR — including the European Commission-issued Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) — could only be used where the laws and practices in the data importer’s country do not impinge on the protections provided by the transfer tool. Transfer Impact Assessment In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a decision in Data Protection Commissioner v.Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems (“Schrems II”), in which it held, among other things, that (1) the U.S.’s Privacy Shield program could no longer be used for data transfers to the U.S., and (2) the transfer mechanisms identified in the GDPR — including the European Commission-issued Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) — could only be used where the laws and practices in the data importer’s country do not impinge on the protections provided by the transfer tool. As a result of the decision, organizations are required to carry out assessments of the laws and practices in the countries they transfer data to. And if you use Datadog as a vendor, that means assessing transfers to Datadog in the United States. On this page, we have added a summary of data transfers at Datadog. Additionally, we put together an Assessment to provide you with the information needed for you to perform your own transfer assessment. International Data Transfers Datadog is based in the United States and operates globally. As a result, your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, any country where we operate or where our service providers operate, including the United States. We protect your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy no matter where it is transferred or processed. If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, and your personal data is transferred to a country that has not been recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection by the relevant data protection authorities, the transfer will only be made when protected under the European Commission’s approved standard contractual clauses, amended as needed to satisfy country-specific requirements. To learn more about our international data transfers, please see our EEA Data Transfers FAQs . In order to ensure that all transfers of personal data to Datadog are made under a GDPR-compliant transfer mechanism, we will sign a Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) with you that includes a section on international data transfers and that incorporates the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) or the UK’s International Data Transfer Addendum, as required. For more information about transfers of personal data to Datadog, please refer to Schedule A of our DPA. If you haven’t yet signed a DPA with us and believe that you need one, you can request a copy from your customer success manager or sales representative, as outlined in the link above. Datadog’s Subprocessors In order to provide our Services, including 24/7 support, we may disclose your data to certain of our trusted vendors (subprocessors). These onward transfers are only made in specific cases — for example, we may need to share your personal data with the cloud services provider you selected to host your data, or with one of our global affiliates in order to provide you with technical support after the close of business local time. At least 30 days before we engage a new subprocessor, we will add it to our Subprocessors List . You can subscribe to receive notifications of these updates by completing the form at the bottom of our Subprocessors List. Before we engage a new subprocessor, we subject it to a rigorous vendor-onboarding process in order to ensure that we can safely provide it with the personal data we receive from our customers. This includes reviewing each vendor’s security and privacy practices to ensure that they meet our strict requirements, as well as requiring them to sign a DPA with us that (1) provides protections for personal data at least as protective as those in our DPA with you, and (2) includes the SCCs for any onward transfers of personal data. United States California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) The CCPA is a landmark state law that established certain privacy rights and more control over the personal data for California consumers. Most notably, the CCPA includes an individual’s right to know, right to delete, right top opt-out, and right to non-discrimination. The CPRA expanded the CCPA to further privacy protections and expand the rights of California consumers in relation to their personal data. For more information about how the CCPA applies to Datadog, please navigate here . Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) HIPAA is a US federal law that establishes national standards for protecting certain health data, Protected Health Information (PHI). For our HIPAA-regulated customers, Datadog may act as a business associate, and will sign a Business Associate Agreement (BAA) in order to protect any PHI transferred. Datadog’s HIPAA program extends to all of our HIPAA-Eligible Services . Other Regions Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) The premier data protection law in Canada. Customers who do business in Canada may be subject to the PIPEDA’s requirements.General Personal Data Protection Law (LGPD) The premier data protection law in Brazil. Customers who do business in Brazil may be subject to the LGPD’s requirements. Key Definitions Personal Data Data that can be used, either directly or indirectly, to identify an individual. An example of Personal Data that Datadog may process is account email addresses to authenticate and use the Datadog services. Customer Data Data from our customer’s environments that are sent to Datadog. In GDPR terms, we are a Processor of this data, but the customer remains the Controller. The customer has control over the types and amount of this data we receive. Account Data Data about the customer that the customer provides to Datadog when creating accounts. This includes fields like first and last names as well as email addresses for logins or billings. It is easiest to think about this as data from the employees of our customers. Usage Data Any data related to our customer’s configuration and use of Datadog products. Processing Under the GDPR, Processing refers to any operation an organization takes that involves personal data. Examples include, recording, structuring, combination, alteration, and more. Data Processing Agreement (DPA) Under the GDPR, any data processing activities by a third party require a DPA to outline stipulations like the purpose for processing this data, data subject rights, data breach procedures, and more. Read Datadog’s DPA here . Business Associate Agreement (BAA) A BAA is a contract that HIPAA-covered entities are required to enter into with any third parties that may process protected health information. Navigate here to view which services are HIPAA-enabled. Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) SCCs are clauses added to our DPAs to ensure there are adequate data protection safeguards in place for any data sent from the EU to third party countries that are not a part of the Union. Services In our DPA, Services refers to the product to which a customer subscribes (accessible via https://app.datadoghq.com/ and other web pages). The Services is the technology collecting and processing Customer Data. In our DPA, Services does not include alpha, beta, and other pre-commercial releases of Datadog products. Subprocessors Click here to learn more about our subprocessors. Resources Data Processing AddendumSubprocessorsDatadog’s Data Transfer Impact AssessmentReducing Data Related RisksHIPAA-Eligible ServicesPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyApplicant and Candidate Privacy Notice Download mobile app Product About Blog 日本語 © Datadog 2023 Get Started with DatadogPrivacy Policy Current as of January 26, 2023 Your trust is important to us, and we want to ensure that your personal information is protected. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information in relation to Datadog products, services, events, and websites or applications that link to this Policy (together, the “Datadog Products”). It also describes how you can control or exercise your rights related to your personal information. Personal Information We Collect We process information about you while providing the Datadog Products. Below, we outline the kinds of information we collect. Information You Give to Us We collect information about you when you provide it to us directly. Your Datadog account. We collect information about you when you submit it through the Datadog Products, including when you create an account with us. This may include your name, email address, profile picture, company name, postal address, and phone number. This may also include your payment information when you purchase any of the Datadog Products. Support. We collect information you provide to us when you open a support request or otherwise communicate with us (such as through third-party social-media sites). This may include your name, email address, title, company, and any other information you provide in your request. Other information submitted by you. We collect information about you that you submit to us through the Datadog Products, such as when you participate in any interactive features of the Datadog Products or fill out a form on one of our websites. This information may include your name, email address, and mailing address. Information We Collect Automatically We automatically collect information about you when you access or use the Datadog Products. Your use of the Datadog Products. We collect information about how you use the Datadog Products, such as your session date, time, and duration; the pages you viewed; and the page you visited before navigating to the products or websites. Device information. We collect information about your computer or device when you access any of the Datadog Products, such as the type of browser you use, your IP address, and the location of your device. Cookies and similar technologies. We use cookies and similar technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to collect information about your interactions with the Datadog Products, including identifiers, usage data, session information, links clicked, pages visited, and mouse movements. For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, please see our Cookie Policy . Information We Collect from Other Sources We may also obtain information about you from other sources. Other services linked to your account. We may collect information about you when you link your Datadog account with other services. For example, if you create or log into your Datadog account using your Google Apps credentials via single sign-on, we will have access to certain information such as your name and email address, as authorized in your Google Apps profile settings. Our affiliates. We may receive information about you from one of our affiliates if you interact with them directly, for example through a support request. This may include your name, email address, and information about your request. Third parties. We may receive information about you from third parties that provide business information to us or from public sources. This information may include things like your name, title, email address, phone number, and social-media profile. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above.How We Use Personal Information We use information about you for the following purposes. To provide the Datadog Products. We use information about you to provide you with access to the Datadog Products, including to create and manage your Datadog accounts, process transactions with you, and send you invoices. For research and to improve the Datadog Products. We use information about you, including website analytics, to improve the Datadog Products, including to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and other activities in connection with the Datadog Products so that we can continually improve them. We may also link or combine information about you with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service. To communicate with you. We use information about you to communicate with you, including to send you technical notices, product updates, security alerts, support communications, and administrative messages about the Datadog Products (including important changes to the Datadog Products). This also includes sending you information about your account and data, such as when we update our terms or when we materially change how we use your data. For security.We may use information about you to maintain and increase the security of the Datadog Products, including to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and other illegal activities from occurring, as well as to protect the rights and property of Datadog, our customers, and third parties. To market and promote the Datadog Products. We use information about you to send you promotional messages and to show you advertisements. This may also include using information about you to create more personalized advertising and suggest Datadog Products that may be of interest to you. We may also use information about you to facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions, and to process and deliver your entries and rewards. To comply with legal obligations. We may use information about you to comply with our legal requirements. For example, we may process and retain information about your payments to us for tax and accounting purposes. With your consent. Finally, we use information about you for any other purposes that you have consented to. For example, if you agree to be named as a Featured Customer, we might post information about you on one of our public websites.How We Share Personal Information We may share your personal information as follows. Service providers. We use third-party service providers who work on our behalf, including to provide hosting services, authentication services, cybersecurity and anti-fraud services, and advertising, which may require us to share your personal information. For legal reasons. In rare cases, we may share information about you in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is permitted or required by an applicable law, regulation, or legal process, including to comply with a subpoena or applicable court order. Further, we may share your personal information with any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy or under any agreement we enter with you or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Datadog or third parties. Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Datadog assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company. Affiliates. We may share your personal information with our affiliate companies who may act for us for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership. Marketing and analytics. We may share your personal information with analytics and search-engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our websites, subject to our Cookie Policy . Social Media. Some of our websites may contain social-sharing widgets or features that let you share information you find on our websites on third-party sites, including, for example, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy notice. Consent. We may share your personal information with your consent or at your direction.Security The security of your personal information is incredibly important to us. We have implemented and we continually maintain a variety of technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, and damage. View our Security page to learn more about the specific security controls we have put in place to safeguard your information. Retention We only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, after which it will be deleted or archived unless we are required to keep it to comply with our legal obligations or for another legitimate and lawful purpose. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider several factors, including: the terms of our agreements with you;our legitimate interests (as outlined in this Privacy Policy);our legal obligations; andthe amount and nature of your personal information. In some cases, we may anonymize your personal information so that you are no longer identifiable, in which case we may use the resulting information without further notice to you. Children The Datadog Products are not directed to individuals under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect or sell the personal information of children under 16. Your Choices You have choices about how Datadog collects and uses your personal information. Account information. Our customers may access, update, or change personal information they have provided to us by logging into the relevant Datadog application or emailing us at help@datadoghq.com .Subject to the terms of their agreements with us, customers may deactivate their accounts by emailing us at help@datadoghq.com , but we may retain certain personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations or for legitimate business purposes, such as to resolve disputes or enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of personal information for a certain period. Advertising. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Datadog by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing help@datadoghq.com . If you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relationship. If you would like to opt out of receiving promotional phone calls, please contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below Supplemental Notice for the EEA, UK, and Switzerland This section provides additional details about the personal information we process subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR. Controller of Your Information Unless otherwise stated in a supplemental notice, Datadog, Inc. is the data controller of your personal information. Your Rights Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information. Right to access. You have the right to access your personal information that we hold, and receive it in a portable way. Right to update. You have the right to request that we update your personal information. Right to delete. You have the right to have your personal information deleted. Right to restrict processing. You have the right to request us to restrict or suppress the processing of your personal information where our processing is inappropriate. Right to object. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. Right to withdraw consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we are processing your personal information based on your prior consent. To exercise your rights, please complete our Data Subject Rights intake form or contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information to confirm your identity. Legal Bases for Processing Personal Information We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases: where necessary to enter into or perform under a contract with you, including to provide the Datadog Products;where necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;for our legitimate interests, as outlined in this Privacy Policy; orwith your consent. International Data Transfers Your personal information may be collected in, transferred to, accessed from, or stored in a country other than the one you are in, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. Your personal information is only transferred out of your country in accordance with applicable data protection law, including, for example, to third countries that adequately safeguard personal data, or under the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses . For more information about how we think about international data transfers, and the safeguards we have in place related to them, please refer to our Data Transfer Impact Assessment . Complaints You may lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region where you have your habitual residence, where you work, or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of EEA data protection authorities is available here , and the contact details for the UK Information Commissioner’s Office is available here . Supplemental Notice for California This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA). Your Rights Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information. Right to access. You have the right to request that we disclose to you what personal information we collect, use, disclose, share, and sell about you. Right to delete. You have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we’ve collected. Right to update. You have the right to request that inaccurate personal information we hold about you be corrected. Right to restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive information. You have the right to request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information. Right to nondiscrimination. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment because you’ve exercised any of your rights under the CCPA.If you or your authorized agent wishes to exercise any of these rights, please complete our Data Subject Rights intake form or contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that we may ask you or your agent to provide us with additional information to confirm your identity. Categories of Personal Information Collected The personal information that we’ve collected in the past 12 months fall into the following categories specifically established under the CCPA: Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, and email address.Information under Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e), such as your name, address, telephone number, or any financial information.Commercial information, such as information related to products or services you’ve purchased.Internet or other electronic network activity information, such information regarding your interaction with the Datadog Products. Geolocation data.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as audio recordings of calls with you.Inferences drawn on the information above, such as aggregated metrics.Account log-in or credit card number in combination with your credentials allowing access to your account. For more information about the categories of personal information we collect, please see the “Personal Information We Collect” section above. Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose The personal information that we’ve disclosed for a business purpose (including to our service providers) in the past 12 months fall into the following categories specifically established under the CCPA: Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, and email address.Information under Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e), such as your name, address, telephone number, or any financial information.Commercial information, such as information related to products or services you’ve purchased.Internet or other electronic network activity information, such information regarding your interaction with the Datadog Products. Geolocation data.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as audio recordings of calls with you.Inferences drawn on the information above, such as aggregated metrics.Account log-in or credit card number in combination with your credentials allowing access to your account. For more information about the categories of personal information we disclose to other parties, including to our services providers, please see the “How We Share Personal Information” section above. No Sale or Sharing of Personal Information We do not sell or share (for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising) your personal information, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. Supplemental Notice for Virginia This section provides additional information for residents of Virginia and the rights afforded to them under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). Your Rights Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information. Right to access. You have the right to access your personal information and obtain a copy of it in a portable and readily usable format. Right to correct. You have the right to correct errors in your personal information. Right to delete. You have the right to have your personal information deleted. Right to opt out. You have the right to opt out of behavioral advertising, automated profiling, and sales of personal information. To exercise your rights, please complete our Data Subject Rights intake form or contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information to confirm your identity. If you submit a request to exercise one of the above rights and you disagree with our decision regarding your request, you may appeal our decision by replying to our response. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. The date at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this page. Contact Us If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Avenue, Floor 45, New York, NY 10018; or privacy@datadoghq.com . We have appointed Datadog Ireland Limited as Datadog’s EU representative under Article 27 of the GDPR. You may contact our EU representative at privacy@datadoghq.com . Download mobile app Product About Blog 日本語 © Datadog 2023 Get Started with Datadog