The need How many outstanding matters would you have if something suddenly happened to you? Nobody knows what will happen at any moment. How much personal information, files, photos, videos or just secrets and thoughts can suddenly be lost forever? For most of us, a lot. What can you do about this? Finalmail Finalmail is the first absolutely secure platform worldwide giving you the opportunity to create e-mails to the people you want, which will be sent only if something happens to you. Finalmail safeguards important information, data files, photos, videos will not be suddenly lost forever and the thoughts and words you wish to say to your special ones, will be sent at the right time. HOW IT WORKS Nominate trusted contacts You choose 2 to 5 people closer to you. Only they will be allowed to confirm that something has happened to you and request for your e-mails to be sent. They do not have any access to these e-mails. Create your final mails It is as simple as writing an e-mail. You define the recipient and write the message. You can also attach files or photos or videos to your mail message. Only you have access We respect your privacy, we protect your data! We use the top encryption method worldwide, also used by USA government. Whatever you upload (messages, files, photos, videos) is encrypted with a unique encryption code Finalmail provides you. We do not store this code. Only you have access. No one else. When will the final mails be sent? Your trusted contacts can request it through a simple form they submit on this website. From then on and for the next 30 days, we will daily sent to you e-mail and SMS notifications whereby you may cancel the process. If there is no cancellation within 30 days then your final mails will be sent immediately after. Anybody can use it. Only you have access. No one else. Think about it! Have questions? EXAMPLES Words Things you wish to say or have not said till now, to certain people. Write them down and Finalmail will send them at the right time. Secrets Do you have any secrets which you don't want to be lost forever? Finalmail can help you reveal them at the right time. Personal information How much knowledge do only you have? All this can be lost at any time. Finalmail can help so this does not happen. Access Passwords, accounts, etc. You can leave instructions to those you wish to obtain access. Crypto Currency Holders of crypto Currency know only too well that if they lose access to their digital wallet there is no way to restore it, and the monies are lost forever. In order to secure them: leave instructions to the people you want to obtain access. Files Save & attach files, photos, videos which you don’t want to be lost forever with absolute security. DON'T KNOW WHAT TO WRITE YET? THE COST 19,99€ Lifetime (one-time fee) 34,99€ every 10 years 59,99€ every 10 years WITH NUMBERS More and more people create their own final mails. You could be next. 84,262 final mails already created(August 16, 2023) Subscribe now for free and get full access to Finalmail for 24 hours without any other obligation. You can maintain your account for lifetime by making an one-time payment 19,99€ or from 34,99€ per 10 years if you have file storage needs. Scheduled delivery Social Final Mail Finalmail Launch offer ×Terms of Service Home Terms of Service Mangocam Terms of Service 1. Terms 1.1This website ("Website") is owned and operated by Tech Resources Pty Ltd ("Mangocam", "We", "Us" or "Our"). By browsing, accessing or using the Website which includes purchasing Goods or Services available through the Website, you are agreeing to the following terms. Additional terms may apply in respect of our Goods. 1.2We may amend these terms at any time, and it is your responsibility to review them each time you visit or make use of the Website. If you do not agree with the terms, then you must cease viewing or using the Website. If you continue to view or use the Website, then you are deemed to have accepted these terms as updated. 2. Use Of Services 2.1To use the Service and make any purchase of a subscription or Goods, you must be 18 years of age or over, or do so through your adult parent or guardian. 2.2To access the Website, or use the Services, you must have an Internet connection and appropriate and necessary computer equipment. Any purchase of Goods or Services via the Website does not include the provision of a computer or any other equipment or facilities to access the Website or use the Services. 2.3The Website, our Services are available internationally. You are responsible for the consequences and for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in your country in relation to the use of the Services. 3. Mangocam User Account 3.1In order to fully utilise our Services, you will be asked to create a Mangocam user account and nominate a password. It is your responsibility to keep your account password confidential. 3.2Your Mangocam account is personal to you and it must not be used by used by anyone else without our consent. 3.3If you are a company, then you must ensure that all users who have access to your Mangocam account have appropriate authority to do so. 3.4Anything done under your account will be deemed done by you including purchases made under your account. Therefore if you suspect that your account is compromised, you must notify us immediately. 3.5Any account that has not been active for a continuous period of 6 months will be deemed abandoned. All abandoned accounts including user data will be deleted automatically and this process is irreversible and all deleted data is irrecoverable. 4. Prices And Payment 4.1The Price for the Services will be specified at the Website when you place an Order. The Price is in Australia Dollar (AUD), Euro (EUR), United States Dollar (USD) and Bitcoin (BTC). The Price in AUD is inclusive of GST. 4.2The Price is subject to change by us to take into account any error or omission by us or any GST or government or statutory charges, taxes and duties. 4.3We accept payment via PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Bitcoin. 5. Goods And Services Tax (Australia Only) 5.1Expressions used in this clause and in A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 have the same meaning as when used in the GST Act. 5.2In addition to the payment for the Goods or Services, you must also pay the GST payable in respect of the Goods or Services if you are an Australian resident. 5.3You are not obliged to pay the GST until we give you a valid tax invoice. 6. User Data 6.1All data processed or transmitted under your Mangocam account and the content thereof are deemed to be the property, and under the control, of the corresponding Mangocam account holder. You warrant that you own, or are authorised to deal with, all intellectual property rights that subsist in all such data and content. You authorise us to process your data and content and indemnify us against all cost, expenses, loss and damage suffered by us howsoever arising in respect of the use of your data and content for the purpose of providing you with the Services. 6.2If we receive notification from anyone that you are infringing any copyright, we will take appropriate actions including not limited to terminating, suspending and deleting your account as well as all infringing material from your account pursuant to Title II, the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act. 6.3You, as the account holder, are solely responsible for maintaining your data at all times including, but not limited to, the maintenance and integrity of such as 'saves', 'shares', 'back ups', 'disclosures', 'deletions' or 'alterations'. We will not be held liable for any alterations or loss of data as a result of your own failure to take the recommended precautions. 7. Restrictions 7.1When using the Services or the Website you must not do anything that adversely affect the integrity, or interfere with the proper working, of the Services or the Website.7.2During the course of your use of the Services, you must not transmit, distribute or store any viruses or any other material that: (a)is of a sexually explicit nature; (b)is of a harmful or discriminatory nature; (c)facilitates, supports or incites illegal activity or violence; (d)causes damage or injury to another party or property; or (e)otherwise in contravention of the requirements of the Title 17 of the United States Code, the Australian Classification Board and Broadcasting Services Act 1992, and any other laws and regulations in your country 7.3The Services provided to you cannot be on-sold to, or used by, a third party without our consent. 8. Cancellation 8.1You are entitled to cancel or cease the use of the Services at any time and you may be entitled to a refund. 8.2If you cancel the Services pursuant to clause 8.1 then you will be liable to pay for the the Services adjusted on a pro-rata basis depending on the type of your subscription (i.e. monthly or yearly) and all costs, charges or expense incurred by us up to the time of cancellation which will be deducted from any amount being refunded. 9. Privacy Policy 9.1All information about you obtained by us will be maintained in accordance with Privacy Act. Please refer to our website https://www.mangocam.com/privacy-policy/ for further details. 10. No Warranties 10.1We will use our best endeavours to ensure that the provision of Services is operable 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. However we do not warrant that the Services will be free of errors or faults and we do not accept any liability for any errors or faults. In the event of an error or fault, you should report it to us immediately. 10.2We do not warrant that your use of the Service or the Website will be uninterrupted and we do not warrant that any information (or messages) transmitted via the Services or the Website will be transmitted accurately, reliably, in a timely manner or at all. 10.3Whilst we will use all endeavors to keep the Website secure, the Internet itself is not a secure medium. Communications via the Internet maybe intercepted or altered in transit. The Website is not an exception. We cannot warrant that the Website is free from anything that may cause damages to your computer or other device used to access the Website or to the data contained within that device. You must take your own precautions and relevant security measures when using the Website. 10.4The Website may contain links to other external websites which are neither under our control nor affiliated with us. You visit and browse the contents of those websites at your own risk and we are not responsible for any damage you may sustain as a result. 11. Our Rights 11.1We may license or sub-contract a third party without your consent for all or any part of our rights or obligations for the purpose of providing you with the Services. 11.2If you are in breach of any of these terms, we have the right to refuse dealing with you, terminate or disable your account and prevent you and your IP address from accessing the Website and using the Services. 12. Limited Liabilities 12.1Save and except your statutory rights which cannot be excluded by these terms and to the extent permitted by the law we exclude all other terms, conditions and warranties expressed or implied by statute, the common law, equity or otherwise howsoever are expressly excluded. 12.2We are not liable for any loss or damage suffered by you including any consequential loss, damages or loss of profit as a result of: (a)any delay in providing, or failing to provide, the Services; (b)you accessing the Website and using the Services; (c)any defect in, or any failure, malfunction, breakdown or deterioration of, the Services; (d)your Mangocam account being terminated in accordance with clause 11.2; and (e)your Mangocam account be deleted in accordance with clause 3.5. 12.3In any event, our liability will be limited to 50% of the Price you paid for the Services. 13. Your Liabilities 13.1You must indemnify us and keep us indemnified against all costs, liability, losses and claims incurred by us as a result of your breach of any of these terms including improper use of the Website and the Services by you or by anyone who gains authorised or unauthorised access from. 13.2You will be liable for and pay our legal costs on a full Solicitor/own Client indemnity basis arising from or incurred as a consequence of the breach by you including but not limited to the costs of any letters of demand or the Notices of Default and such payment is to be made to us within 7 days of receipt of an invoice from us for such costs. 14. Governing Law These terms are to be governed by the laws of the State of Victoria in Australia. Any proceeding under or in connection with it must be taken in the appropriate Court in the State of Victoria. 15. Definitions In these terms: GST means GST within the meaning of the GST Act.GST Act means A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth). Party means we or you. Price means the price for the Services as specified in the Website Privacy Act means Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) Services means the Cloud based IP camera recording Website means our website https://www.mangocam.com We or us means Tech Resources Pty Ltd trading as "Mangocam" and its employees, agents and sub-contractors. You means the user who accesses the Website or uses the Services. Sign Up Now! User Info Help IP Camera Store