Applicant Privacy Policy Last updated: December 20, 2022 We appreciate your interest in our Company, and we are committed to protecting your personal information. This Applicant Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how Activision Publishing Inc., (the “Company” or “we”) collects, uses and transfers or discloses personal information and non-personal information (“Information”) as the data controller for such Information that individuals who apply for a job with the Company (“applicants”) submit or that we collect. The Company reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://www.activision.com/legal/applicant-privacy-policy , so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If the Company makes a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. Scope of this Policy. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that you provide or that is collected about you, including personal information that we collect from third parties, when you apply for a position with the Company or when the Company engages in recruiting purposes. It does not apply to the use of the Company’s products and services (“ Activision Properties ”). When you use any Activision Properties, including this Website, your personal information is governed by the Activision Privacy Policy, located at: http://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy . When visiting a Blizzard website or using their products and services, your personal information is governed by the Blizzard Entertainment Online Privacy Policy. Information We Collect About You. To process your application, we ask you to provide personal information. While providing personal information is voluntary, some personal information may be necessary to complete an evaluation of your application; if it is not provided, we may not be able to consider you as a candidate We may collect, store, and use the following categories of information about you: Personal Identifiers : We collect your personal contact details such as name, username, mailing address, postal code, email address, telephone number, government identification number (such as passport number) and national identification or tax number. We also collect contact information for the references you provide; it is your responsibility to obtain consent from your references before providing their personal information to the Company. Protected Classifications : We may also collect your date of birth, gender, and some information that may be considered protected classifications or “special categories” of sensitive information in certain jurisdictions where permissible by local law, and if you choose to provide it. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information : We collect information about your use of the Company’s websites, products, and services. Geolocation Data : We may collect geolocation data about you to the extent that your IP address reveals your general location. Professional- or Employment-Related Information : We collect information about your professional- and employment-related background through the recruitment process (including copies of right to work documentation or other information that may be included in your resume, CV, cover letter, or related documents as part of your application to work at the Company). We also collect information that your references may provide to us about your past employment and job performance, as well as additional information from third parties who are lawfully entitled to share your information with us. Education Information : We collect information about the educational institutions that you have attended, your level of education, degrees obtained, honors received, and subjects studied. We also collect and maintain information about any professional licenses you hold, certifications you receive, or additional education or training you have undertaken during your professional career. We may also collect information from third parties who are lawfully entitled to share your information with us. How We Collect Your Personal Information. We collect personal information about job applicants through the application and recruitment process, including directly from candidates, employment agencies, and references. We may collect additional information from third parties, including former employers, credit reference agencies, screening services, or other sources that provide employment related information or services for recruiting or other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. How We May Use Your Information.We will use your personal information only as permitted by law and solely for the following purposes: Accepting and evaluating applicant submissions for job postings;Identifying potential applicants;Reviewing your qualifications and making hiring decisions;Conducting a background check, where permitted by and in accordance with applicable law;Communicating with you (e.g., providing information regarding potential interview dates and notification of the results of the recruitment process);Where you have asked us to do so, contacting you about vacancies at the Company which arise and for which we think you may be suitable. You can stop receiving these emails at any time by logging into your account and changing your email notification settings; Keeping records related to our hiring practices for use in future recruitment activities and to ensure compliance with local laws;Preparing an applicant’s basic information materials for use in recruitment or hiring decisions after a decision to recruit the applicant has been made;Complying with legal and regulatory obligations;Responding to a warrant, subpoena, or other valid legal process;Complying with other legal obligations, including verifying that you are legally permitted to work in the country where you are applying; and Resolving disputes and/or as a part of a legal defense, if necessary. With Whom We May Share Your Information. Access to your personal information will be restricted to those members of the Company’s staff, hiring managers and designated agents who have a need to know the specific information in question in order to carry out their responsibilities with regard to recruitment or applicable law. We may share some of your personal information for the purpose of undertaking a background check. Such sharing will only take place where background checks are permitted or required under the law. We will share your personal information with service providers or data processors that we engage to process Information on our behalf. Upon request or pursuant to our legal obligations, your personal information may also be disclosed to governmental entities in compliance with applicable laws, such as to those agencies authorized to review and enforce equal opportunity laws. We do not disclose applicants’ personal information to job banks or to other companies without your prior consent. Your Rights. Depending on your local laws, you may have the right to access, update, or delete your personal information by sending us an email at HRdataprivacy@activisionblizzard.com . If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, please see Notice to Candidates in the European Economic Area and UK for more information. If you are a resident of California, please see Notice to Candidates Who Are Residents of California for more information. However, we may still retain some personal information to comply with legal and regulatory requirements and to resolve disputes; in this case, your personal information will not be used for any other purpose. Security Measures. The Company has implemented a range of physical, administrative, and technical measures designed to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. In addition, we request that service providers who process personal information on our behalf adopt a range of security measures designed to help protect your Information. Employment Disclosures. All open jobs offered by the Company are subject to specific job skill requirements. The job skill requirements, qualifications and preferred experience are determined by the office offering the position. The Company is an equal opportunity employer, and all hiring decisions are subject to federal, provincial, state, and local employment laws and regulations, including immigration laws pertaining to work authorization requirements and any other applicable government permissions or compliance. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, medical condition, military status, veteran status, age, or any other ground of discrimination prohibited by applicable law. Notice to Candidates Who Are Residents of California.The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents, referred to in the law as “consumers,” with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of personal information, as well as rights to access and control personal information. Certain information that we collect may be exempt from the CCPA because it is considered public information or covered by another federal privacy law, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or the Fair Credit Reporting Act. To the extent that we collect personal information about you that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below. Right to information regarding the categories of personal information collected, sold, shared, and disclosed: You have the right to obtain information regarding the categories of personal information we collect, sell, share, or disclose. We may collect the following categories of personal information. For information about the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information, please see How We May Use Your Information above. Personal Identifiers (e.g., name, email address, phone number, IP Address), collected from you, your references, our vendors, our affiliates and business partners, and social media.Protected Classifications (e.g., date of birth, gender) collected from you.Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information (e.g., data about your use of our website) collected from you and your devices.Geolocation Information (e.g., geolocation based on IP address), collected from you and your devices. Professional or Employment-Related Information (e.g., contents of your resume, CV, cover letter, or application documents, content of your background check), collected from you, your references, our vendors, our affiliates and business partners, and social media.Education Information (e.g., your level of education, degrees obtained, professional licenses), collected from you, your references, our vendors, our affiliates and business partners, and social media.Inferences about you (e.g., interview notes, skill test results), collected from you or generated by us as you proceed through the application process. We do not sell or share (for targeted advertising) personal information collected from or about applicants through the application process. For information about our processing of data from your interaction with our products and services, including this Website, please see the Activision Privacy Policy . We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation. Right to request access to your personal information : You have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, access to the personal information we have collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers to whom we sell, share, or disclose it. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to request correction of your personal information : You have the right to request that, in certain circumstances, we correct personal information that we have collected about you. Some information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to request deletion of your personal information : You also have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you. Some personal information may be exempt from such requests under law. For example, we need certain types of information to maintain our employment relationship with you. Limit use of your sensitive personal information : You have the right to limit our use of your sensitive personal information if we use such personal information to infer characteristics about you. We do not currently use sensitive personal information for such purposes. Sale and sharing of personal information; targeted advertising : We do not sell or share (for targeted advertising) personal information collected from or about applicants through the application process. For each of the rights described above, you can make a request by emailing hrdataprivacy@activisionblizzard.com or calling 1-877-566-3886.Notice to Candidates in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and UK Legal basis for processing your personal information: When applying to a position at the Company, you submit your application on a voluntary basis and you consent to share your personal information with us for processing, storage and transfer for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. When we don’t collect personal information directly from you, we process this information based on our legitimate interest in evaluating your candidacy, processing your application, ensuring that our organization is properly and adequately staffed, and that we can meet our business needs. We also process your personal information for compliance with legal obligations that apply to us. Retaining your personal information : We will keep your personal information for as long as necessary for the hiring process and/or a legitimate business purpose, including for the purpose of evaluating your candidacy, notifying you about job opportunities, and for satisfying any legal or reporting requirements. Data Protection Rights : Candidates who are residents in the EEA or the UK have a number of rights. If you are a Candidate that is a resident of the EEA or the UK, you may request to access or delete your Personal Information. In certain circumstances, you can also request that we transfer Personal Information that you have provided to us. As you are giving your consent by submitting your Information in order to process your application and therefore your Personal Information related to this application, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your Personal Information at any time. For each of the rights described above, you can send your request to us at HRdataprivacy@activisionblizzard.com . We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your Personal Information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred. Transfer of Personal Information to the United States of America . You acknowledge that your Personal Information will be transferred to and processed in the United States, in a secure way, where many of our central databases operate, or other countries where the Company or its affiliates or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your Personal Information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section below. Contacting Us. To contact us, you can send us an email at HRdataprivacy@activisionblizzard.com , or write to us at: Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard, Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 , ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, or call Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, ph. +1 310 255 2000. For visitors from the EEA, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer by email at DPO@activision.com . Beenox and Other Quebec Openings . I hereby acknowledge that I am satisfied that this Applicant Privacy Policy be drawn up in the English language. Je reconnais être satisfait que la présente Politique de protection de la vie privée pour candidats soit rédigée en anglais. Back to Top Follow Us Popular Games Company Legal United States Selected region: United States Copyright 2023 Activision Publishing, Inc. The Software License and Service Agreement will be updated. Please follow this link [ https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula ] in order to see these changes. Select your identity Activision System Alerts Please check your inbox and verify your email address. Resend Confirmation No New Alerts Your profile is% complete Go to your profile to: - Link your Facebook account- Link your gamer account- Verify your email address - Complete your profile Sites More... United States selected Canadian English selected Canadian Français selected United Kingdom selected Australia selected France selected Deutschland selected Italy selected Spain selected Your Privacy Manage Consent Preferences Necessary Cookies These Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, we cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas. Performance (or Analytics) Cookies Performance (or Analytics) Cookies These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works.We generally contract with third parties (such as Google Analytics) to provide these services on our behalf. Functionality Cookies Functionality Cookies These Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g., text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These Cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations or advertisers. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies Social Media cookies are set by a range of social media services we have added to our sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests that may affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these content sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Activision Blizzard uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please click here Welcome to Activision Blizzard's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 21, 2022. Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“ Activision Blizzard" ) will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, " Information ") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used. This Privacy Policy: explains how Activision Blizzard collects, stores, uses and transfers or disclosesyourInformation;applies only to those Activision Blizzard websites, products and services (“ Properties ”) that post, reference, or link to it. Generally, this Privacy Policy applies to Activision Blizzard’s corporate sites, including http://www.activisionblizzard.com/ . Other Activision Blizzard Properties (for example, consumer facing websites applicable to a game) will post a different privacy policy applicable to those Properties. does not apply to Activision Blizzard Media. The Activision Blizzard Media Privacy Policy is available here Activision Blizzard reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://www.activisionblizzard.com/legal/privacy-policy , so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If Activision Blizzard makes a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you in our Privacy Policy as posted and on the Activision Blizzard home page. Please note your use of this Activision Blizzard website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the Terms of Use available here . Table of Contents 10. Users in the US 11. Users in the EEA 12. Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA 13. Cookie Policy Scope of Activision Blizzard Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies only to those Activision Blizzard Websites and Properties that post, reference, or link to it. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites or online properties to which our Properties may link, and you accept that Activision Blizzard is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites or properties. Sometimes we may direct you to a site operated by a vendor or partner. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by our vendor or partner. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to the websites, products, or services of Activision Blizzard group companies that do not post, reference or link to it. When visiting or using other Activision Blizzard group companies’ websites, products, or services, you will be subject to their Privacy Policies.This Privacy Policy does not cover Information provided when you apply for a job at Activision Blizzard. Please refer here for more information. ESRB Privacy Certified Program This Privacy Policy and the ESRB certification seals on our Properties confirm that Activision Blizzard is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's ("ESRB") Privacy Certified Program . To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and ESRB Privacy Certified has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Activision Blizzard Properties where this Privacy Policy is posted. As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to frequent audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB Privacy Certified. Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about: Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;What choices you have regarding the use of your personal information;How you can access and change the personal information a company collects and maintains;Whether and how information is collected from children under 13; How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity;Where and how to ask questions or file complaints. DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, Activision Blizzard makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S.If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact the ESRB Privacy Certified at: http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx . Information We Collect and How We Use It Activision Blizzard collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in greater detail, as well as in Section 10 for US residents, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you information about our press releases, SEC filings, events & presentations and stock information, as well as other messages, including for marketing and promotional purposes. Information Provided By You As set out in more detail in the following, Activision Blizzard may collect Information from you when you: (A) use our Properties; (B) contact the Activision Blizzard Investor Relations department; (C) choose to receive email alerts about our press releases, SEC filings, events & presentations and stock information; or (D) register to watch or listen to events & presentations. A. Use of our Properties When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively called “ Cookies ”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see the Cookie Policy below for more details. Activision Blizzard collects, processes, and combines personal information such as your name and email address as well as other data such as your age, gender, interests, marketing preferences, and device-related information. B. Interact with the Investor Relations Department In order to be able to provide you with Investor Relations services and assist you with any questions or requests you may have, Activision Blizzard collects Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your question or request and its resolution. C. Receive Email Alerts about our Press Releases, SEC Filings, Events & Presentations and Stock Information Activision Blizzard offers you the ability to automatically receive Activision Blizzard information, including financial information, press releases, SEC filings and more by email. You can enter your preferences for email notifications when you subscribe for such notifications. At any time, you can also unsubscribe to stop receiving further email alerts from the link in each email we send to you, or by submitting your email address and unsubscribing at https://investor.activision.com/unsubscribe . D. Register to Watch or Listen to Events & Presentations Activision Blizzard will collect certain Information from you when you register to watch or listen to events or presentations, including your first and last name and email address. You also have the ability to provide the name of your company. This personal information is combined with other Information such as the date on which you viewed the event or presentation, the duration of your viewing and the part of the webcast you viewed. We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more information. Information Provided By Other Sources We may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, communication preferences, and other publicly available information (for example, from Social Media) about you from other sources, such as our vendors or partners (for example, investor CRM platform and information providers), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us. Children and Parents Activision Blizzard does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may contact us via the Contacting Us section below. We recognize special a need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online.Activision Blizzard also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child when online. Parents should contact Activision Blizzard immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details. Your Choices You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by Activision Blizzard. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third-party accounts. Your Choices About Information Provided by You If you do not want to provide Activision Blizzard with personal information then you can choose not to provide it. If you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the information or service you may have requested. For example, without providing an email address, you cannot receive email notifications regarding Activision Blizzard financial information. As noted above, however, we collect some information from you automatically when you use our Properties regardless of whether you choose to provide information directly to us. Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details. Your Choices About Activision Blizzard Using Your Information You can exercise choices over how Activision Blizzard uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time: to remove yourself from email notifications, or from receiving email marketing or newsletters from Activision Blizzard, simply click the link in the email and unsubscribe or unsubscribe at https://investor.activision.com/unsubscribe . to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third party properties please see our Cookie Policy below. If you opt-out of receiving email communications from us, please note that we may still contact you occasionally to provide you with service-related information. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”) and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Users in the EEA section below. If you reside in the United States and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Your US Privacy Rights section below. If you are a resident of California or Nevada and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Additional Privacy Information for California Resident sectionor Privacy Information for Nevada Resident section below. Sharing Information As set out with greater detail below, and in Section 10 for US residents, Activision Blizzard shares Information: with the various Activision Blizzard group companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;with vendors and partners engaged by Activision Blizzard to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us;if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process;if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights; if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; and in connection with the sale of our business or assets.Any information, including personal information that you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable. Vendors and Partners Vendors and partners provide goods and services (for example, Investor Relations email notifications, events and presentation registration, billing, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to Activision Blizzard to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or occasionally improve the services they provide. We do not share personal information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent.Law We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. Legal Rights We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your Information to investigate allegations of any breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials. Protecting Others We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. Sale of Our Business or Assets Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Activision Blizzard's customer information including Information and communications may be shared with and/or transferred to our successor, assignee, or new Activision Blizzard group companies. Security Activision Blizzard takes a range of security measures -- as set out in detail below -- designed to help protect your Information. However, complete online and offline security can never be guaranteed, so you should always take care when sharing your information online. Activision Blizzard takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information). We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed. Accessing Information and Retention Period If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section below. Retention Period We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. Contacting Us To contact us, you can send us an email at privacy@activisionblizzard.com , or write to us at: Activision Blizzard, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, or call Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, ph. +1 310 255 2000. You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified if you have a question or complaint that has not been resolved to your satisfaction. Please see the ESRB Privacy Certified Program section at the top of this Privacy Policy for further details. Users in the US In addition to the information provided throughout this privacy policy, state privacy laws in the United States require that we disclose to consumers in those states additional information about the processing of their personal information.Below we describe the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information and for each purpose, the categories of personal information we use and disclose and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal information. Service functionality : We use certain personal information to provide you with our Properties, products, and services, including to take steps to enter a contract with you, send service communications, provide Investor Relations functions, send you investor-related communications (such as financial information, press releases, SEC filings and more), and conduct general business operations, such as accounting, recordkeeping, and audits, analyzing our performance, and meeting our legal obligations. Service improvement : To grow and improve our Properties, including to verify and maintain the quality of our services, develop new products and services, and understand how our Properties are being used, our user base, and the effectiveness of our marketing, Personalization : To offer you recommendations and tailor the Properties to your preferences.The personal information we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name and email addressDemographic information, including your gender, age, and countryInformation contained in your communications to us, including when you contact Investor RelationsAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties)Information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services Personal information automatically collected :Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressCoarse geolocation informationHardware and software informationPurchase historiesCommunicationsUsage dataSocial Media data We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companiesService providers, vendors, and business partners, including media partners, investor relations support, consultancies, information technology providers, cybersecurity providers, accounting and auditing firms Advertising and marketing : To send you marketing communications and newsletters, personalize the advertisements you see on our Properties and third-party online properties, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name and email addressDemographic information including your gender, age, and countryAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties)Information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services Marketing preferences Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressCoarse geolocation informationHardware and software informationCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase histories We disclose this personal information to:Various Activision Blizzard group companiesService providers, vendors, and business partners, such as online advertising partners, including partners who use Cookies to personalize, retarget, and measure the effectiveness of advertising These partners may combine this personal information with information that they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites and services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systemsIn some situations, we may disclose information to business partners for their direct marketing purposes only with your consent to the disclosure Social media platforms Security : To protect and secure our Properties, assets, network, and business operations; and to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal; or when necessary to protect our property or rights or the safety of our employees, customers or other individuals. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name and email addressAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties) Personal information automatically collected, including by monitoring and recording on your device: Websites visited before and after you use a Property Browser type and languageIP addressCoarse geolocation informationHardware and software informationCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase histories We may disclose this personal information to:Various Activision Blizzard group companies, which may use the personal information for the purposes listed aboveService providers, vendors, and business partners, such as cybersecurity providers, and information technology providers Other entities when we believe that this is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of any personRegulatory or law enforcement agencies Legal compliance : To comply with legal process, such as warrants, subpoenas, and court orders; to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests, such as when we have a good-faith belief that we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability; to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights; to protect the vital interests of any person; and to comply with applicable legal requirements. Such personal information includes: Any information requested through legal process or that we believe in good faith is necessary to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests for the purposes listed above. We may disclose this personal information toRegulatory or law enforcement agencies, including jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. Our legal advisors or consultants. Corporate change: We may disclose any personal information that we have collected about you in connection with the sale of our business or assets in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event.Activision Blizzard is not responsible for the privacy practices of Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your personal information by the Activision Blizzard group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. a. Your US Privacy Rights Residents of some states have certain rights in relation to their personal information. We describe below the rights that may be available to you, depending on your state of residence.Right to Request Access to Your Personal Information You may have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, access to the personal information we have collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers to whom we sell, share, or disclose it. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Correction of Your Personal Information You may have the right to request that in certain circumstances we correct personal information that we have collected about you. Some information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information You may also have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you. Some personal information may be exempt from such requests under law. For example, we need certain types of personal information so that we can provide our Properties to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Properties. Limit Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information California residents have the right to limit our use of their sensitive personal information if we use such personal information to infer characteristics about them. We do not currently use sensitive personal information for such purposes. In some states, we may be required to obtain your consent before collecting your sensitive personal information. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information; Targeted Advertising Under the laws of some states, consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information or the sharing of their personal information with third parties for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising). We may allow third-party companies to collect information about your activity on our website, for example, through cookies, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These advertising entities use Information they collect to help us provide more relevant advertisements and for other purposes described in our Privacy Policy. You can control the sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising through our websites in the following ways:To set up cookie controls and opt-out of advertising cookies, including third-party advertising cookies, click here . You can also set up cookie controls through many browser settings and you can use industry-wide opt outs to control the use of cookies for interest-based advertising purposes. The personal information collected through these methods is associated with your browser or device, so if you would like to opt out for this information you will need to disable cookies or trackers as described above. Because your opt-out preference is stored in a cookie, if you clear your cookies then we will not recognize your device or your choices, so you must opt out again. You may also disable non-advertising cookies through your browser or device settings. In applicable states, where required, Activision Blizzard recognizes Do Not Track settings and the Global Privacy Control.In addition to the opt-outs related to advertising above, we support the applicable state laws by allowing residents to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information for targeted advertising by clicking here . How to Exercise Your Access, Correction, and Deletion Rights You may exercise any privacy rights to which you are entitled by submitting your request to us at privacyrequests@activisionblizzard.com . For security purposes, we will verify your identity – and may request information from you to do so – when you request to exercise your privacy rights.Some states permit you to designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights as described above. We will take steps to both verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney. Once we have verified your identity (and your authorized agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate. If we are unable to complete your requests, we will provide you information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request, as required by applicable law. Profiling We do not engage in “profiling” in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.Right to Nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, unless allowed under applicable law. Appeals Some state laws allow residents who are not satisfied with our response to their requests to appeal our decision by contacting us as described in the written notice we will provide to you. b. Additional Privacy Information for California Residents Notice of Privacy Practices for California Residents Depending on how you interact with us, Activision Blizzard may collect the following categories of personal information about you. For information about the purposes for which we use and disclose information, and additional potential disclosures of personal information, please see Users in the US section above. Identifiers, collected from you, our social media pages, or third-party subscription service providers, may be disclosed to our service providers and may be sold to or shared with business partners.Protected classifications and other sensitive data, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share protected classifications and other sensitive data.Commercial information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share commercial information. Geolocation information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share coarse location information to our advertising partners; we do not sell or share precise geolocation information.Internet or electronic network activity information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers and may be sold to our advertising partners.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information. Inferences drawn about you, collected from you and our advertising and analytics partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share such information with our advertising partners.Content of communications, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share content of communications.Information of contacts that you supply to us may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information.We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation. California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information, as explained here .We may need to collect your personal information in order to offer you the benefits and rewards you request. If we do offer you the chance to participate in such a program, your participation is optional. If you choose to participate, your participation will be subject to the applicable terms or conditions, and you may withdraw at any time. Your information has no real currency value or its equivalent. California Shine the Light Law Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please send us an email to privacy@activisionblizzard.com , or write us at: Activision Blizzard, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. California Privacy Rights for Minor Users Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or delete information provided by you or publicly posted by you, by sending us an email asking us to delete certain posted content at privacy@activisionblizzard.com . In the alternative, you may write to us at Activision Blizzard, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. We will be happy to review, update or remove information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of information and/or content that have been deleted from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month.We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. c. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at privacy@activisionblizzard.com . Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Users in the EEA As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”). Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below. Performance of the Services We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to: provide you with Investor Relations services and assist you with any questions or requests. Consent We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing: email alerts, including about our press releases, SEC filings, events and presentation, and stock information; and the ability to register to watch or listen to events or presentations. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing: to provide you with requested investor relations, customer service or technical support;to debug and improve our current and future Properties;in order to personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable communication preferences; andfor the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity. Legal Obligation We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. Your Rights to Your Personal Information You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in the Accessing Information section above. You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. For each of the rights described above, you can send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred. International Transfers Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above.Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S. and the EEA, the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. No matter where the Information is located, Activision Blizzard takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services. Cookie Policy Activision Blizzard uses Cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. A "Cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that many websites and other online products and services often store on a user's computer or device in order to identify it and associate activity with it. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier by letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. For more information about our use of technologies that are similar to Cookies, and your opt-out choices, please see the Flash Cookies, Web Beacons, IP Addresses section under Types of Cookies below.When visiting the Properties you can learn more about the types of Cookies collected and change your Cookie settings at any time by clicking the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of our websites. We use Cookies to optimize your visit, make your browsing and user experience as effective as possible, and let you know about offers and features that we think will interest you. This means that if you disallow Cookies, your use of the Properties may be impaired. Depending on the Property you are using, and the country you are based in, Cookies may be set on your computer or device by either: Activision Blizzard – to recognize and associate activity with your computer or device when it visits a Property. Activision Blizzard Cookies cannot be used to recognize or associate activity with your computer or device when it visits other, third party websites or online properties. Third Parties – to enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through our Properties or other online properties (e.g., advertising and analytics). The third parties that set these Cookies may be able to recognize your computer or device both when it visits the Properties or other online properties that use the third party's features and functionality. Types of Cookies There are five categories of Cookies (necessary, performance, functionality, social media and advertising), as well as technologies that are similar to cookies, that may be served through our Properties, described below. To see a list of the specific Cookies that may be served through our Properties, please see each category of Cookies below. To learn more about your opt-out choices for cookies, please see the Managing Cookies and Do Not Track Options section below. To learn more about your opt-out choices for technologies that are similar to cookies, please see the Flash Cookies, Web Beacons, IP Addresses section below. · Necessary Cookies These Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, Activision Blizzard cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas. · Performance (or Analytics) Cookies These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with independent research and measurement companies, such as Google Analytics, to provide these services on our behalf and these third parties also have their own privacy policies. · Functionality Cookies These Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g., text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video.The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. · Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies are set by a range of social media services we have added to our sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests that may affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these Cookies you may not be able to see these content sharing tools. · Advertising Cookies These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Activision Blizzard may partner with third party online advertising and analytics companies to tailor and deliver advertisements, products, services, and promotions on our Properties, as well as other online properties which we do not control. To help select the ads of greatest interest to you, these companies may use Cookies to collect and track information such as demographic data (e.g., gender, occupation, etc.), aggregated information, search keywords, geo-location and device-related data (for example, browser type, language, IP address, time/date) to select advertisements that are more relevant to your interests, and to better personalize the experience for you. In some instances, third-parties may also use cookies or similar technologies to collect anonymized or device-related information about your visits to the Properties in order to monitor the effectiveness of the ads (e.g., by using analytics Cookies) and to provide third party advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about Advertising Cookies and your opt-out choices, visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://networkadvertising.org or http://youronlinechoices.com . Activision Blizzard may use and share anonymized or aggregated information obtained from Cookies with third parties such as vendors or advertising partners. For example, we may use information such as interests to group you with other people with similar interests or preferences and place you into a market segment. We may then display advertisements which we believe people in your market segment will find relevant. We may also share personal and non-personal information obtained from cookies with third parties such as vendors or advertising networks in order to permit them to provide services on our behalf or to partner with us in selecting and serving advertisements for us or our advertising partners. Flash Cookies, Web Beacons, IP Addresses Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows sites to deploy dynamic web content. For example, we may use Flash Cookies to deliver video content to you on our Properties. Adobe Flash and similar applications use technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage in ways that are similar to browser Cookies, but are managed through a different interface than your web browser. You can access your Flash management tools from http://www.adobe.com/ directly to manage your Cookie settings. From time to time, we may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our Properties or include them in the email messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as "web bugs", ""pixel tags"" or "pixels")") are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization. We also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer when you log on to the Internet. For example, we may use these in emails to understand and analyze whether the email was opened or any links were clicked, in order to improve our future communications with you and other users. As a web beacon forms part of a webpage or email it does not have the same opt out options as other Cookies. Generally, you can render them ineffective by opting out of any Cookies they set, by turning off images in your email service, or by viewing your emails as “text” rather than “HTML.” For more information on how to opt out of Cookies see the Managing Cookies and Do Not Track Options section below, and for more information on how to turn off images in your emails or to view them as text see the “Help” section of your email service provider.If you would like to find out more about cookies you may find the following link useful: Managing Cookies and Do Not Track Options You can review your options to manage Cookies by: clicking the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of any Property and managing your Cookie settings;opening the "Help" menu on the browser menu bar. Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.visiting http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and/or http://youronlinechoices.com , or if you are in the EU http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ for choices to opt out of advertising. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other products and services (including sign in). We may embed photos and/or video content on our Properties from third party sources such as YouTube, and these sites may set their own Cookies. Similarly, our Properties may have buttons that enable you to share content on Social Media or other sites, and these services may set a Cookie on your device. This Policy does not apply to Cookies set by such features, and Activision Blizzard does not control these Cookies set by third parties. We encourage you to review the third party privacy policy or cookie policy for more information about these Cookies and how to manage them. If you would like to find out more about Do Not Track you may find the following link useful: Permission to Use Cookies Please also note that the use of information obtained by third party providers listed in Types of Cookies section above through cookies placed by them is also subject to their own privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party providers, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. Information collected by Cookies may be associated with your user profile. Users in the EEA As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”). Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below. Performance of the Services We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to: provide you with Investor Relations services and assist you with any questions or requests. Consent We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing: email alerts, including about our press releases, SEC filings, events and presentation, and stock information; andthe ability to register to watch or listen to events or presentations. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing: to provide you with requested investor relations, customer service or technical support;to debug and improve our current and future Properties;in order to personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable communication preferences; andfor the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity. Legal Obligation We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. Your Rights to Your Personal Information You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in the Accessing Information section above. You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. For each of the rights described above, you can send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities.You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred. International Transfers Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S. and the EEA, the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. No matter where the Information is located, Activision Blizzard takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services. Visit Us Get In Touch With Our Team! Connect with Us All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners. © 2022 Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. © 2022 Activision Publishing, Inc. © 2022 King.com Ltd. All rights reserved. The Software License and Service Agreement will be updated. Please follow this link [ https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula ] in order to see these changes. Your Privacy Manage Consent Preferences Necessary Cookies These Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, we cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas. Performance (or Analytics) Cookies Performance (or Analytics) Cookies These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with third parties (such as Google Analytics) to provide these services on our behalf. Functionality Cookies Functionality Cookies These Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g., text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These Cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations or advertisers. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies Social Media cookies are set by a range of social media services we have added to our sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests that may affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these content sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Activision uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please click here . Welcome to Activision's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 20, 2022. Every day, millions of people worldwide use and enjoy Activision websites, products and services. We appreciate your trust in our products and services. To provide you with great games and make them better, Activision Publishing, Inc. (“ Activision ”) will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, " Information ") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used. This Privacy Policy: explains how Activision collects, stores, uses and transfers or disclosesyourInformation;applies to all Activision websites, products and services (“ Properties ”). Activision, Activision Blizzard group companies, and our partners, such as marketing partners and analytics providers may use tracking technologies such as cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. For more information about Activision’s use of cookies, and how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to using your data for targeted advertising purposes, please see our Cookie Policy , which is also incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing Information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Properties. Activision reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://www.activision.com/legal/privacy-policy , so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. At such time, your continued use of the Properties after notice of posting or notice of such changes constitutes your acknowledgment of this latest version of this Policy and any future revisions. Please note your use of this Activision website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the Activision End User License Agreement available here and Terms of Use available here . Table of Contents Scope of Activision Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all Properties, including: Activision websites, online products and services;Activision console games; and Activision mobile games and applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, online properties, or systems to which our Properties may link or through which our Properties may be accessed, and you accept Activision is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites, properties, or systems. Sometimes, we may direct you to a site operated by a vendor or partner. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by our vendor or partner. This Privacy Policy does not cover Information provided when you apply for a job at Activision. Please refer here for more information. ESRB Privacy Certified Program Activision is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program (“ ESRB Privacy Certified ”). To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. ESRB Privacy Certified has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Activision Properties where this Privacy Policy is posted and a Privacy Certified seal is displayed. As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified. Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about: Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;What choices you have regarding the use of your personal information;How you can access and change the personal information a company collects and maintains;Whether and how information is collected from children under 13; How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity;Where and how to ask questions or file complaints.DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, Activision makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S. If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact the ESRB Privacy Certified at: http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact ; or privacy@esrb.org . Information We Collect and How We Use It Activision collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in greater detail, as well as in Section 10 for US residents, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust, and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our games, your scores, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes. In addition, we use your Information to operate our business, including analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, and for recruitment purposes in the US. Information Provided by You As set out in more detail in the following, Activision may collect Information from you when you: (A) create an Activision account with a Property; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use Activision customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) receive mobile advertising; (G) buy Activision services or products online; or (H) allow sharing through Social Media. A. Creation of an Activision Account Activision will collect certain Information from you when you register with a Property. Personal information collected during registration includes your first and last name, email address, username, and in specific cases, phone number. This personal information is combined with other Information such as your date of birth, country and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services and marketing preferences. Additionally, we collect and combine Information when you link a third party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision account, such as the username or User ID associated with your third party account, and the use of certain Properties may require you to link a third party account to your Activision account. B. Use of Our Properties When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, advertising ID, third party account information (e.g., the username associated with your XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam or Battle.net account), gameplay data, communications, usage data, purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively called “ Cookies ”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies and advertising IDs to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details. Activision collects, processes, and combines data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, gameplay, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information. Activision also publicly displays certain Information about you, including third party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties, or the properties operated by our third party partners and licensees. For example, your PlayStation username will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain Activision game, whether or not you have an Activision account. If you have synced a third party account with your Activision account, we, or our third party partners or licensees, may make your username available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature. You may unlink the third party account or prevent it from being searched or your information from being shared with third party partners or licensees at any time through your Activision profile settings. To provide fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud, anti-cheat, and anti-toxicity technologies to prevent any cheating and bad behavior in our games. In addition to the Information described above, Activision may monitor and/or record your game play and communications (including without limitation chat text or voice communications) and activities on your device including information about the programs running alongside the game, as specified in the applicable Terms of Use or End User License Agreement. C.Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions When Activision runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, age and/or date of birth, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information will be combined with other account information and will be used and shared under this Privacy Policy. D. Interact with Customer Service To be able to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, Activision collects Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution. E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing, and/or Surveys Activision offers you the ability to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email, in-app notifications, or SMS in eligible countries, about our products and services, or products or services that may be of interest to you. We also, may occasionally send you surveys to improve player experience with our games. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you, by opting out of in-app notifications, or by following the instructions in the SMS we send to you. If you are a US resident, you are subject to the SMS Terms of Use . F. Mobile Advertising Our mobile games include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our mobile games, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in our Cookie Policy , you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting, sharing and using information about you to show you relevant third party ads that might interest you in our mobile games, and to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems. When you play our mobile games, we collect and share Information, including advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device. Our advertising partners may combine this Information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads in our mobile games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information, accessible in our Cookie Policy . You can review your options to manage and opt-out of mobile advertising by (1) visiting your mobile device developer's website or reviewing your device manual. Most mobile device developers will tell you how you can manage the settings on your mobile device to opt out of and/or delete Cookies from your mobile device, or to limit the use of your advertising ID, reset your advertising ID, and/or opt out of targeted advertising; or (2) by visiting https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 and/or http://youronlinechoices.com , or if you are in the EU http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , for choices to opt out of advertising. You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available). Please note: adjusting your preferences as described in this section does not mean you will no longer receive advertisements,; it only means the ads you do see will be less relevant to your interests. We will also still use your device’s advertising ID to serve you with ads that may be less relevant to you; for example, we may use this for frequency capping (in other words, to control the maximum number of times you see the same ad from us). G. Buy Activision Products or Services Online Activision does not collect credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services (such as digital content) online. However, you may have to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our third-party vendors to complete a purchase. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. At the time of purchase, in specific cases, you also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to Activision to send you additional information or offers. H. Social Media You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) (" Social Media ").When you interact with Activision and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we access your Information, such as name, username or profile picture, solely under your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, and (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you under applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. Information Provided by Other Sources We may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, IP address, purchase histories, marketing preferences, cookie information, hardware and software information and other technical information about you from other sources, such as Activision Blizzard group companies, Social Media, our vendors (for example, event ticket providers and, merchandise vendors, and data aggregators), or partners (for example, advertisers, media partners or platform providers (e.g., Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo and Steam)), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us. We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information. Children and Parents Activision does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may contact us via the Contacting Us section below. We recognize a special need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. Activision also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child when online. Please see the ESRB’s Parental Controls page, available here , for further details. Parents should contact Activision immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details. Your Choices You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by Activision. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third party accounts. Your Choices About Information Provided by You If you do not want to provide Activision with personal information, then you can choose not to provide it. If you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the Activision product or service you want. For example, without providing an email address, you cannot create an Activision account. Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details. Your Choices About Activision Using Your Information You can exercise choices over how Activision uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time: to remove yourself from individual contests or promotions, unlink a third party account or prevent it from being searched or information being shared with third party partners or licensees, or opt out of receiving marketing or newsletters from Activision, simply access your account from https://www.activision.com/ and edit your preferences. You will need your password to access your account.You can also opt out of marketing communications by following the directions in the communications you receive. To unsubscribe from communications from Activision Blizzard group companies, please unsubscribe using information in their emails or privacy policies to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third party properties, please see our Cookie Policy . If you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, please note we may still contact you occasionally about the status of your account, such as to inform you that your account may be expiring, or for other service related information. If you are a user in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”) or the UK and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Users in the EEA section below. If you reside in the United States and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Your US Privacy Rights section below. If you are a resident of California or Nevada and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Your Additional Privacy Information for California Privacy Rights Residents section or Privacy Information for Nevada Residents section below. Sharing Information As set out with greater detail below, and in more detail, Section 10 for US residents, Activision shares Information: with the various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here including for the group companies’ own marketing purposes;with vendors, third party partners and licensees engaged by Activision to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us, or create applications and websites that benefit our player community; if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process; if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; andin connection with the sale of our business or assets. Any information, including personal information you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable. 1. Activision Blizzard Group Companies We disclose your information with the various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , including for the group companies’ own marketing purposes. Activision is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your Information by the group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. 2. Vendors, Partners and Licensees Vendors and partners provide goods and services (for example, platform providers, media partners, event ticket providers, merchandise vendors, tournament providers, survey providers, billing, consumer services support, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to Activision to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or occasionally improve the services they provide. We do not share Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent. We also share some of our players’ Information (for example, gameplay information) with our third party partners and licensees who create applications and websites that benefit our player community (for example, tournaments, leaderboards and gameplay statistic tools). 3. Law We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. 4. Legal Rights We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your gameplay, communications, and other account information to investigate allegations of cheating, hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials. 5.Protecting Others We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. For example, we disclose Information relating to an online account if we in good faith believe the user of that account is using it in ways that are harmful to others (e.g. making inappropriate contact with minors). 6. Sale of Our Business or Assets Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Activision's customer information including Information and communications may be transferred to our successor or assign. Security As set out in detail below, Activision takes a range of security measures designed to help protect your Information. However, complete online and offline security can never be guaranteed, so you should always take care when sharing your information online. Activision takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information like user generated content, leaderboard rankings, and scores, etc.). We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed. Information About Your Account and Retention Period As set out in more detail below, you can view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information in any of your Activision accounts at any time. If for any reason you wish to view, correct, or update personal information collected about you, or if you want to deactivate your Activision account, simply access your Activision account through https://www.activision.com/ or another product or service as applicable and edit your personal information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to deactivate your account at privacy@activision.com . If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section below. Retention Period We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, deactivate your Activision account, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. Contacting Us To contact us, you can send us an email at privacy@activision.com , or write to us at: Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, or call Privacy Team/Privacy Policy, ph. +1 310 255 2000. For visitors from the EEA and the UK, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer by email at DPO@activision.com . You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified if you have a question or complaint that has not been resolved to your satisfaction. Please see the ESRB Privacy Certified Program section at the top of this Privacy Policy for further details. Users in the US In addition to the information provided throughout this privacy policy, state privacy laws in the United States require that we disclose to consumers in those states additional information about the processing of their personal information. Below we describe the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information and for each purpose, the categories of personal information we use and disclose and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal information.Service functionality : We use certain personal information to provide you with our Properties, products, and services, including to take steps to create an account, enter a contract for sale or for services, facilitate purchases or process payments, fulfill orders, send service communications, provide customer service functions, and conduct general business operations, such as accounting, recordkeeping, and audits, analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, and recruiting. Service improvement : To improve and grow our Properties, including to verify and maintain the quality of our services, develop new products and services, and understand how our Properties are being used, our customer base and purchasing trends, and the effectiveness of our marketing. Personalization : To offer you recommendations and tailor the Properties to your preferences. The personal information we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your gender, date of birth, and countryPayment information, collected by our third-party payment processors to complete a purchaseInformation that you provide when you register with a Property, including when you link to a third-party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision account Audiovisual informationInformation contained in your communications to us, including when you contact customer serviceAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties)Customer service information, such as any issues you raise and their resolution Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a Property Browser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase histories We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesService providers, including tournament providers, billing firms, customer service support, consultancies, information technology providers, cybersecurity providers, payment processors, accounting, and auditing firmsPartners and licensees who provide you with goods or services you have requested, or create applications and websites that benefit our player community Activision also publicly displays certain personal information about you, including third-party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties, or the properties operated by our third-party partners and licensees. For example, your PlayStation username will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain Activision game, whether or not you have an Activision account. If you have synced a third-party account with your Activision account, we, or our third-party partners or licensees, may make your username available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions: When Activision runs contests, sweepstakes, or promotions on our Properties we collect certain personal information from participants to enter them into the event and to deliver any prizes won and we combine that personal information with other personal information we have collected about you and use such combined information for the other purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, such as to create your account or engage in marketing. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, address, postal code, age and/or date of birth, email address, telephone number, and other information you submitInformation you provide in order to claim any prizes you win We disclose this personal information to :Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposes Service providers, vendors, or business partners, such as entities conducting surveys or promotions on our behalf. In some circumstances, such as disclosures to business partners for their own marketing purposes, we make these disclosures only with your consent. Advertising and marketing : To send you marketing communications and newsletters, personalize the advertisements you see on our Properties and third-party online properties, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.We may send the marketing and newsletters by email, in-app notifications, or SMS in eligible countries. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your gender, date of birth, and countryInformation that you provide when you register with a Property, including when you link to a third-party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision accountAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties) Information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and servicesMarketing preferences Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase historiesMobile advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesOnline advertising partners, including partners who use Cookies to personalize, retarget, and measure the effectiveness of advertising, including on our mobile gamesThese partners may combine this personal information with information that they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites and services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. Social media platformsIf you interact with the Properties on social media platforms (or social media plug-ins and applications) ( “Social Media” ), you acknowledge that we access your personal information, such as name, username, or profile picture, solely under your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to Activision Properties, and (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you under applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. When you post Information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the Information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your Information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. Business partners, when you give us your consent to disclose your personal information to them.Security and Fair Gaming : To protect and secure our Properties, assets, network, and business operations; and to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal; or when necessary to protect our property or rights or the safety of our employees, customers or other individuals. To provide a fair gaming experience to all players, Activision uses anti-fraud, anti-cheat, and anti-toxicity technologies to prevent any cheating and bad behavior in our games. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberInformation that you provide when you register with a Property, including when you link to a third-party account (e.g., XBOX Live, PlayStation Network, Steam and Battle.net) to your Activision accountAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties) Personal information automatically collected, including by monitoring and recording on your device: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunications (including without limitation chat, text, or voice communications)Usage dataMobile advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device Activities on your device, including information about the programs running alongside the game, as specified in the applicable Terms of Use or End User License Agreement We may disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for the purposes listed aboveService providers such as platform providers, cybersecurity providers, tournament providers, and information technology providersOther entities when we believe that this is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of any personRegulatory or law enforcement agencies Legal compliance : To comply with legal process, such as warrants, subpoenas, and court orders; to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests, such as when we have a good-faith belief that we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability; to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights; to protect the vital interests of any person; and to comply with applicable legal requirements. Such personal information includes: Any information requested through legal process or that we believe in good faith is necessary to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests for the purposes listed above. We may disclose this personal information to Regulatory or law enforcement agencies, including jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.Our legal advisors or consultants. Corporate change: We may disclose any personal information that we have collected about you in connection with the sale of our business or assets in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event. Activision is not responsible for the privacy practices of Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your personal information by the Activision Blizzard group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. a. Your US Privacy Rights Residents of some states have certain rights in relation to their personal information. We describe below the rights that may be available to you, depending on your state of residence. Right to Request Access to Your Personal Information You may have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, access to the personal information we have collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers to whom we sell, share, or disclose it. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Correction of Your Personal Information You may have the right to request that in certain circumstances we correct personal information that we have collected about you. Some information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information You may also have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you.Some personal information may be exempt from such requests under law. For example, we need certain types of personal information so that we can provide our Properties to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Properties. Limit Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information California residents have the right to limit our use of their sensitive personal information if we use such personal information to infer characteristics about them. We do not currently use sensitive personal information for such purposes. In some states, we may be required to obtain your consent before collecting your sensitive personal information. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information; Targeted Advertising Under the laws of some states, consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information or the sharing of their personal information with third parties for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising). In applicable states, Activision automatically opts out any users who it knows to be between the ages of 13 and 15 from receiving targeted advertising. We share certain information with third parties who do work on our behalf for the business purposes we describe above. We also may allow third-party advertising companies to collect Information about your activity on our websites and in our apps, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These advertising entities use Information they collect to help us provide more relevant advertisements and for other purposes described in our Privacy Policy. You can control the sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising through our websites and apps in the following ways: To set up cookie controls and opt-out of advertising cookies, including third-party advertising cookies, by clicking here . You can also set up cookie controls through many browser settings and you can use industry-wide opt outs to control the use of cookies for interest-based advertising purposes. You may also opt out through the settings page of Activision mobile applications that may share your data for these purposes. You can find additional information in the Mobile Advertising section above and in our Cookie Policy The personal information collected through these methods is associated with your browser or device, so if you would like to opt out for this information you will need to disable cookies or trackers as described above. Because your opt-out preference is stored in a cookie, if you reset your advertising ID or clear your cookies then we will not recognize your device or your choices, so you must opt out again. You may also disable non-advertising cookies through your browser or device settings. In applicable states, where required, Activision recognizes Do Not Track settings and the Global Privacy Control Personal Information Collected Through Activision Accounts: In addition to the opt-outs related to advertising above, we support the applicable state laws by allowing residents to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information for targeted advertising by clicking here . Logging in with an account helps us to process your request. You can also submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing by emailing us at privacyrequests@activision.com . How to Exercise Your Access, Correction, and Deletion Rights You may exercise any privacy rights to which you are entitled by submitting your request to us here or sending an email to privacyrequests@activision.com . To exercise your right to correction, please update your account information directly or send an email to privacyrequests@activision.com. For security purposes, we will verify your identity – and may request information from you to do so – when you request to exercise your privacy rights. If you have an online account you use to interact with Activision, logging into your account will serve to verify your identity and request. We may request additional information if we believe your account has been compromised. If you do not have an account with us,or if we have reason to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, then we may request additional information from you to match with our existing records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information sought. Some states permit you to designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights as described above. We will take steps to both verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney. Once we have verified your identity (and your authorized agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.If we are unable to complete your requests, we will provide you information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request, as required by applicable law. Profiling We do not engage in “profiling” in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Right to Nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, unless allowed under applicable law. Appeals Some state laws allow residents who are not satisfied with our response to their requests to appeal our decision by contacting us as described in the written notice we will provide to you. b. Additional Privacy Information for California Residents Notice of Privacy Practices for California Residents Depending on how you interact with us, Activision may collect about you the following categories of personal information. For information about the purposes for which we use and disclose information, and additional potential disclosures of personal information, please see Users in the US section above. Identifiers, collected from you, our social media pages, or third-party subscription service providers, may be disclosed to our service providers and may be sold to or shared with business partners.Financial information, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share financial information.Protected classifications and other sensitive data, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share protected classifications and other sensitive data. Commercial information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share commercial information.Geolocation information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share coarse location information to our advertising partners; we do not sell or share precise geolocation information.Internet or electronic network activity information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers, and may be sold to our advertising partners. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information.Inferences drawn about you, collected from you and our advertising and analytics partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share such information with our advertising partners.Content of communications, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share content of communications. Information of contacts that you supply to us may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information. We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation. California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information, as explained here . The reporting information required by the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations § 999.317 is available here . We may need to collect your personal information in order to offer you the benefits and rewards you request. For example, we may need your email address in order to verify your account to deliver an in-game item. If we do offer you the chance to participate in such a program, your participation is optional. If you choose to participate, your participation will be subject to the applicable terms or conditions, and you may withdraw at any time. Your information has no real currency value or its equivalent. California Shine the Light Law Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please send us an email to privacy@activision.com , or write us at: Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy.California Privacy Rights for Minor Users Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or remove Information provided by you or publicly posted by you, by accessing your Activision account through https://www.activision.com/ or another product or service as applicable and editing/removing your Information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to remove certain posted content at privacy@activision.com . In the alternative, you may write to us at Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404 USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. We will be happy to review, update or remove Information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of Information and/or content that have been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. c. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at individualrights@activision.com . Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Users in the EEA and the UK As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the EEA and the UK. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below. Performance of the Services We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to: administer your Activision Account;provide contests or promotions in which you have enrolled;support purchases you make;support game functionality;provide global customer service; orprovide a fair gaming experience by using anti-fraud technologies such as bans or blocks of accounts. Consent We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing: newsletters, direct e-mails and surveys about our Properties or products or services that may be of interest to you;targeted ads in our mobile games; andcertain other marketing features. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing: to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;to debug and improve our current and future Properties;in order to give you exclusive content, personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences;to allow third party partners and licensees to create applications and websites that benefit our player community (for example, tournaments, leaderboards and gameplay statistic tools); andfor the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity. Legal Obligation We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. Your Rights to Your Personal Information You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in detail in the Accessing Information section above. To access or delete your personal information, you can also make a request here .You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above. In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. You can send your request to us here . Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above to update your marketing preferences. For each of the rights described above, you can also send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred. International Transfers Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. EU and UK Representatives For visitors from the EEA, Activision has designated Activision Blizzard Ireland Ltd its Representative in the Union and for visitors from the UK, Activision has designated Activision Blizzard UK Ltd its Representative in the UK. You may contact the EU or UK Representative using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. Disclosure to Users Outside the US, the EEA and the UK In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S., the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. No matter where the Information is located, Activision takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services. Disclosure to Users in Japan Business operator handling personal information: Activision Publishing, Inc. (Address: 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, please see our website for the name of the representative). With respect to the Information We Collect and How We Use It section above, for clarity, Activision may analyze your personal information about your activities and transactions, etc. and use such information for marketing, advertising, or profiling purposes. With respect to the Sharing Information section above, for clarity, Activision may share your personal information as follows: (i) Personal information to be shared Personal information described in the Information We Collect and How We Use It section above. (ii) Scope of those with whom your personal information is shared (“Joint Users”) Domestic and overseas affiliates directly or indirectly controlled by Activision Publishing, Inc. (iii) Purposes of use by Joint Users Purposes of use described in the Information We Collect and How We Use It section and Sharing Information section above. (iv) Name and address, and name of representative of the entity who is responsible for management of personal information to be shared Activision Publishing, Inc. (Address: 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, please see our website for the name of the representative).Activision implements certain measures necessary and appropriate for the prevention of the leakage, loss or damage of personal information and the security management of personal information. If you have any questions about the measures for security management implemented by us, please feel free to e-mail us at dpo@activision.com or send a letter addressed to Activision Publishing, Inc., 2701 Olympic Boulevard Building B, Santa Monica, CA 90404, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. Back to Top Follow Us Popular Games Company Legal United States Selected region: United States Copyright 2023 Activision Publishing, Inc. The Software License and Service Agreement will be updated. Please follow this link [ https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula ] in order to see these changes. Select your identity Activision System Alerts Please check your inbox and verify your email address. Resend Confirmation No New Alerts Your profile is% complete Go to your profile to: - Link your Facebook account- Link your gamer account- Verify your email address - Complete your profile Sites More... United States selected Canadian English selected Canadian Français selected United Kingdom selected Australia selected France selected Deutschland selected Italy selected Spain selected Your Privacy Manage Consent Preferences Necessary Cookies These Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, we cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas. Performance (or Analytics) Cookies Performance (or Analytics) Cookies These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with third parties (such as Google Analytics) to provide these services on our behalf. Functionality Cookies Functionality Cookies These Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g., text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These Cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations or advertisers. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies Social Media cookies are set by a range of social media services we have added to our sites to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They can track your browser across other sites and build up a profile of your interests that may affect the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these content sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label