Privacy Notice Last updated: 4 July 2023 Introduction Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Notice explains what personal information Everyone TV Limited (" Everyone TV ", “ we ”, “ us ” and “ our ”) collect about you (“you”) and what we do with it. Please take a few minutes to read it. This Privacy Notice applies to the personal information that we collect through (or relating to) your use of: our " Digital Properties ", including our website at everyonetv.co.uk our mobile application which may be accessed via your computer, tablet or mobile device and our Freeview Play Service (including the Explore Freeview Play application) which may be accessed via your connected TV; andour Everyone TV advice line, and our Facebook, Twitter and consumer help channels (the “ Advice Lines ”), which you may use to find out more about or troubleshoot/report an issue with our Digital Properties. To find out more, please continue reading or click on the link below to jump to the section you are interested in: Contents What personal information do we collect about you and why? We may collect personal information about you in the following ways: (i) Information you provide voluntarily We collect personal information that you provide to us voluntarily when using our Digital Properties or contacting us via our Advice Lines, email or post. This includes, for example, information you provide through our Digital Properties (such as your postcode for regionalised content or when you register check your Everyone TV coverage), when you sign up to our newsletter or personalised TV Guide, when you participate in discussion boards or Everyone TV social media functions, when you enter competitions, or when you otherwise contact us via post, email or the Advice Lines (for example, to report a problem with your Everyone TV service or Freeview Play product). The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide it (such as to deal with your request or competition entry or to fix a problem you’re having with our Digital Properties). (ii) Information that we collect automatically When you use our Digital Properties, we may also collect certain information automatically from your device (which may include your computer, mobile, tablet device or connected TV depending on which Digital Property you are using). In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the UK, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your device type, , browser-types, your broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) if you grant us permission via your location settings, the identity of your internet service provider, the name and version or your operating system and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device interacts with our Digital Properties, including the pages accessed and links clicked. Collecting this information enables us to provide you with our Digital Properties, to better understand the visitors to our Digital Properties, the number of visitors, where they come from, what content on our Digital Properties is of interest to them and the average time spent on the Digital Properties. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality, relevance and personalised nature of the content of our Digital Properties to our visitors and for serving and measuring marketing and advertising. We may collect some of this information automatically through the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies. For more information, please see the heading below “What cookies and similar technologies do we use?” (iii) Information that we obtain from third party sources From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (for example, market research companies or channel operators who you may have contacted about your interactions and experiences with our Digital Properties), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. We use the information we receive from these third parties to provide troubleshooting assistance regarding our Everyone TV products or services, or to improve our Everyone TV products and services. In general, we will use the personal information we collect about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal information. Who do we share your personal information with?We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients: to our group companies, Everyone TV Platforms Limited and its affiliates (who manage technical aspects of the Everyone TV and Freeview Play platforms and the mobile application) , members, third party service providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the technical aspects, hosting and delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Digital Properties; to help respond to support and advice requests; or to administer competitions on our behalf), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information; to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;to a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice; to any other person with your consent to the disclosure. What legal grounds do we have to process your personal information? Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you; or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our Digital Properties, communicating with you as necessary to provide our Digital Properties and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ How to contact us ” heading below. Is your personal information transferred to other countries? Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries. We will take appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice and data protection laws. Such measures may include transferring the data to a country deemed adequate by the European Commission, to a recipient in the United States that has certified compliance with the Privacy Shield, or to a recipient that has executed standard contractual clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission. For further details about these measures, please contact us using the details provided below. What cookies and similar technologies do we use? We use cookies and similar tracking technologies (collectively, " Cookies ") on our Digital Properties to collect and use personal information about you. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Statement . How long do we retain data for? We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. Such legitimate business interests include for example, to deal with any requests made by you, to provide you with a service or any help you have requested, to complete a competition or promotion we are running, to complete research insight or analysis, or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. What are your data protection rights? You have the following rights in respect of the personal information we collect and use about you: If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided below.In addition, you can object to the processing of data relating to you on legitimate interest grounds, to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.You have a right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided below. Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for the UK Information Commissioner’s Office can be found at ico.org.uk . We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. How is your data kept secure? We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. Specific measures we use include keeping your personal information on secure servers and computer systems, protected from outside intrusions. We also take measures to require third parties with whom your personal information is shared in accordance with this Privacy Notice have in place appropriate security measures and do not process your personal information for unauthorised purposes. Links to other websites The Digital Properties may contain links to sites or applications operated by other entities. We do not control the privacy policies or the terms of use of the websites or applications reached through the links from the Digital Properties. These may differ from this Notice and terms of use of the Digital Properties. Ensure you check the relevant Privacy Notices of any third party so that you understand how they will use your data to determine if they are acceptable to you. We accept no responsibility for the content or the privacy practices employed by such other websites or applications. Changes to this Privacy Notice We may update this Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Notice. You are advised to visit the Notice on a regular basis to stay information of our current privacy practices. How to contact us If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the following details: by email to: dataprivacy@everyonetv.co.uk or post to: Legal Department, Everyone TV Limited, Triptych Bankside (North Building), 185 Park Street, London SE1 9SH. The data controllers of your personal information are: DTV Services Ltd which is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number Z7207230 Everyone TV Limited which is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office with registration number Z9156270; acting as joint data controllers. Footer Everyone TV Limited, Triptych Bankside (North Building), 185 Park Street, London SE1 9SH - Company Number: 5422613 Backed by: Tell us whether you accept cookies We use cookies to collect information about how you use this website and give you the best online experience. You can change your cookie preferences at any time.Privacy preference centre Your privacyEssential CookiesFunctionality CookiesPerformance/Analytics CookiesAdvertising Cookies Your privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Essential Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personal data. Functionality Cookies Functionality Cookies Inactive These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance/Analytics Cookies Performance/Analytics Cookies Inactive These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and they store no personal data. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies Inactive These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store personal data, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label checkbox label label