NEWS Privacy Center Privacy Policies & Notices Your Privacy Choices Welcome to Your Privacy Choices You have choices when it comes to how we use your information—from the ads you see on TV to the messages we send about our products and services. Residents of some states have additional choices. Here are some tools to help make the choices that are right for you. Choices and Controls You have choices about how we contact you and how we use your information. For example, you can choose to limit marketing messages and whether your information is used and shared to send you advertising that is relevant to your interests. Cookies Manage your cookie settings in our Cookie Preference Center and read our Cookie Notice to learn about cookies and similar technologies and how we use them. Customers Manage your privacy settings by logging into your account and visiting our Privacy Preference Center , where you can make choices about advertising that is relevant to you and act on other choices you may have. Customers in Virginia : Under applicable state law, you have additional privacy choices if you live in one of these states, including, as applicable, asking us no to sell or share your personal information, accessing your personal information, or asking us to delete or correct it. Please click on your state of residence to view the choices you have. To manage your Communication Preferences for things like email, text messages, postal mail, and telemarketing, please visit the Choices and Controls section of the privacy policy that applies to your service: Online Behavioral Advertising Online Behavioral Advertising, also known as tailored or personalized advertising, is automated, customized advertising that you see when using online services, like ads in mobile apps or on websites. Those ads are served to you based on inferences about your interests determined from data collected about you, whether by DIRECTV or other advertisers. You can opt-out of online behavioral advertising from other companies who participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance by going to the DAA’s Consumer Choice Page or by selecting this icon when you see it in an online ad from DIRECTV. Choose your state below to see your privacy choices. California As a California resident, you have privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Choose an option below to find out about these rights and how to use them. Opt-Out Preference Signal (California Only) If you access a DIRECTV website from a California IP address with an opt-out preference signal (like the Global Privacy Control) that we recognize enabled in your browser, then we will process that signal and apply it as your cross-context behavioral advertising preference. This means that we will suppress targeted advertising cookies on your device and set a Do Not Track cookie to identify your preference if you visit our website without your signal on. To provide additional information to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, please click on . Colorado As a Colorado resident, you have privacy rights under the Colorado Privacy Act. Choose an option below to find out about these rights and how to use them. Connecticut As a Connecticut resident, you have privacy rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. Choose an option below to find out about these rights and how to use them. Nevada As a Nevada resident, you have the right to ask us not to sell your personal information under Nevada’s Privacy Law SB260. Choose the option below to find out about this right and how to use it. Virginia As a Virginia resident, you have privacy rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Choose an option below to find out about these rights and how to use them. Have a question? Frequently Asked Questions Check out our Ask a privacy question Write to us Contact us at:DIRECTV ATTN: Privacy Policy 2260 E Imperial Hwy El Segundo, CA 90245 ©2023 DIRECTV. DIRECTV and all other DIRECTV marks are trademarks of DIRECTV, LLC. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.