Privacy Policy The Walt Disney Company has a rich tradition of bringing great stories, characters, and experiences to our guests around the world, and our sites and applications are created to entertain and connect guests with the best that we have to offer on the platforms and devices our guests prefer. When our guests use our sites and applications, we may obtain data from and about guests and their devices. We are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect. Our privacy policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles in a format that our guests can navigate, read and understand. Our policy explains: Learn More ONLINE TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND ADVERTISING We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity, or activity on devices associated with you, on our sites and applications using tracking technologies such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons. Learn More Children’s Privacy Policy The Walt Disney Family of Companies (“TWDC”) is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. Learn More Contact Us Learn More Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelChildren’s Privacy Policy The Walt Disney Family of Companies (“TWDC”) is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. This Children’s Online Privacy Policy explains our information collection, disclosure, and parental consent practices with respect to information provided by children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”), and uses terms that are defined in our general Privacy Policy . This policy is in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and outlines our practices in the United States regarding children’s personal information. For more information about COPPA and general tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online . The Walt Disney Company’s Child Directed Websites and Mobile Apps are included in PRIVO’s Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. PRIVO aims to help parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. The PRIVO COPPA certification seal posted on this page indicates The Walt Disney Company has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at (877) 466-6669 or privacycontact@twdc.com . If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com . Expand All Collapse All Accordion Toggle 1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM CHILDREN, HOW WE USE IT, AND HOW AND WHEN WE COMMUNICATE WITH PARENTS TWDC offers to its users a range of sites and applications, some of which are primarily targeted at children, and others that are intended for users of all ages and their families. Our sites and applications offer a variety of activities, including activities that may collect information from children. Below we summarize potential instances of collection and outline how and when we will provide parental notice and/or seek parental consent. In any instance that we collect personal information from a child, we will retain that information only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity request or allow the child to continue to participate in the activity, and ensure the security of our users and our services, or as required by law. In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection. Registration Children can, in many cases, register with our sites and applications to view content, play games, participate in contests, and engage in special features, among other things. During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including a parent or guardian’s email address, the child’s first name and gender, the child’s member or account username, and password. We also may ask for birth dates from children to validate their ages. We strongly advise children never to provide any personal information in their usernames. Please note that children can choose whether to share their information with us, but certain features cannot function without it. As a result, children may not be able to access certain features if required information has not been provided. We will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in an online activity. About the collection of parent email address: Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, on any child-targeted site or application, or in any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is age 12 or under, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect any personal information from the child. If you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent/guardian have NOT received an email providing notice or seeking your consent, please feel free to contact us at privacycontact@twdc.com . We will not use parent emails provided for parental consent purposes to market to the parent, unless the parent has expressly opted in to email marketing or has separately participated in an activity that allows for such email contact. Content Generated by a Child Certain activities on our sites and applications allow children to create or manipulate content and save it with TWDC.Some of these activities do not require children to provide any personal information and therefore may not result in notice to the parent or require parental consent. If an activity potentially allows a child to insert personal information in their created content, we will either pre-screen the submission to delete any personal information, or we will seek verifiable parental consent by email for the collection. Examples of created content that may include personal information are stories or other open-text fields, and drawings that allow text or free-hand entry of information. If, in addition to collecting content that includes personal information, TWDC also plans to post the content publicly or share it with a third party for the third party’s own use, we will obtain a higher level of parental consent. About Verifiable Parental Consent: Email Consent. In the event TWDC wishes to collect personal information from a child, COPPA requires that we first seek a parent or guardian’s consent by email. In the email we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent. If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the parent contact information and any other information collected from the child in connection with that activity. High-Level Consent. In the event TWDC collects personal information from a child that will be posted publicly, we will seek a higher level of consent than email consent. Such “high-level” methods of consent include but are not limited to asking for a credit card or other payment method for verification (with a nominal charge involved), speaking to a trained customer service representative by telephone or video chat, or requiring a signed consent form by mail, email attachment, or fax. After providing high-level consent, a parent may have the opportunity to use a pin or password in future communications as a way to confirm the parent’s identity. Teacher consent in lieu of a parent. With regard to school-based activities, COPPA allows teachers and school administrators to act in the stead of parents to provide consent for the collection of personal information from children. Schools should always notify parents about these activities. For more information on parental rights with respect to a child’s educational record under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), please visit the FERPA site . Chat Certain games and activities that are directed to children allow users to communicate directly with other users by means of a chat system. In most cases, these chat systems employ filters that are intended to prevent the communication of both personal information and age-inappropriate words and phrases. In addition to filters, we may employ live moderation and/or encourage other users to flag inappropriate communications. We strongly encourage children who use these interactive features on our sites and applications never to provide personal information about themselves or any third party, and certainly never to attempt to circumvent our filters or moderation. We also recommend that parents carefully supervise their children when the children participate in online activities. Where TWDC employs a chat system that does not filter all or nearly all personal information, we will first seek high-level consent from the parent. Contests and Sweepstakes For contests and sweepstakes, we typically require only the information necessary for a child to participate, such as first name (to distinguish among family members) and parent email address (to notify the parent where required by law). We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes when the child wins the contest or sweepstakes. Of course, some contests and sweepstakes ask the child to submit their own created content along with the child’s entry. In those instances, we may require parental consent prior to submission. Please see Content Generated by a Child above for more information on our collection, notice, and consent policies. Email Contact with a Child On occasion, in order to respond to a question or request from a child, TWDC may need to ask for the child’s online contact information, such as an email address. TWDC will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request. In connection with certain activities or services, we may collect a child’s online contact information, such as an email address, in order to communicate with the child more than once. In such instances we will retain the child’s online contact information to honor the request and for no other purpose such as marketing. One example would be a newsletter that provides occasional updates about a site, game/activity, television show, personality/character, or feature movie.Whenever we collect a child’s online contact information for ongoing communications, we will simultaneously require a parent email address in order to notify the parent about the collection and use of the child’s information, as well as to provide the parent an opportunity to prevent further contact with the child. On some occasions a child may be engaged in more than one ongoing communication, and a parent may be required to “opt-out” of each communication individually. Push Notifications Push notifications are notifications on mobile and other devices that are typically associated with downloaded applications, and which can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use. We will require a child to provide a parent email address before the child can receive push notifications from our child-directed applications that collect a device identifier. We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent the opportunity to prevent further notifications. Finally, we will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent. Geolocation Data If a child-directed TWDC site or application collects geolocation information that is specific enough to equate to the collection of a street address, we will first seek parental consent via email. Persistent Identifiers When children interact with us, certain information may automatically be collected, both to make our sites and applications more interesting and useful to children and for various purposes related to our business. Examples include the type of computer operating system, the child’s IP address or mobile device identifier, the web browser, the frequency with which the child visits various parts of our sites or applications, and information regarding the online or mobile service provider. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other unique identifiers (which we define under the “ Online Tracking Technologies ” section of our general Privacy Policy ). This information may be collected by TWDC or by a third party. This data is principally used for internal purposes only, in order to: provide children with access to features and activities on our sites and applicationscustomize content and improve our sites and applicationsconduct research and analysis to address the performance of our sites and applicationsgenerate anonymous reporting for use by TWDC In the event we collect (or allow others to collect) such information from children on our sites and applications for other purposes, we will notify parents and obtain consent prior to such collection. Visit the Third-Party Operators page to see the list of third-party operators who collect persistent identifiers on our sites and applications. Please contact us at the mailing address, email, or phone number below with questions about the operators’ privacy policies and collection and use practices: Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank, CA 91521-7667 United States of America Phone: (877) 466-6669 Email: privacycontact@twdc.com Accordion Toggle 2. WHEN INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN IS AVAILABLE TO OTHERS In addition to those rare instances where a child’s personal information is posted publicly (after receiving high-level parental consent), we also may share or disclose personal information collected from children in a limited number of instances, including the following: We may share information with our service providers if necessary for them to perform a business, professional, or technology support function for us.We may disclose personal information if permitted or required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose personal information collected from children (i) in response to a law enforcement or public agency’s (including schools or children services) request; (ii) if we believe disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our sites or applications; (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our sites, applications, and other technology, as well as the technology of our service providers; or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability. Accordion Toggle 3. PARENTAL CHOICES AND CONTROLS At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their children in association with a particular account, and can request that we delete from our records the personal information we have collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a termination of an account, membership, or other service.Where a child has registered for a Disney.com account, we use two methods to allow parents to access, change, or delete the personally identifiable information that we have collected from their children: Parents can request access to and delete their child’s personal information by logging on to the child’s account . Parents will need their child’s username and password. The Your Account home page explains how to recover a password if the child cannot recall it.Parents can contact Guest Services to request access to, change, or delete their child’s personal information by sending an email to us at ms_support@help.go.com . A valid request to delete personal information will be accommodated within a reasonable time. Any other inquiries may be directed to: Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank, CA 91521-7667 United States of America Phone: (877) 466-6669 (US and Canada) Email: privacycontact@twdc.com In any correspondence such as e-mail or mail, please include the child’s username and the parent’s email address and telephone number. To protect children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify a parent’s identity before granting access to any personal information. Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelYour US State Privacy Rights This page contains additional information relevant to residents of certain US states that have their own data privacy laws and regulations, and associated rights. This content should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy . Expand All Collapse All Accordion Toggle CALIFORNIA This notice to California residents is provided under California law. It provides our “Notice at Collection,” provides certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of California residents’ information, both online and offline, explains your privacy rights, and provides our “Notice of Financial Incentives.” NOTICE AT COLLECTION We may collect the following categories of personal information (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Customer Records statute), including sensitive personal information (as defined in the CCPA): Identifiers , such as name, email address, username and password, postal address, telephone number, signature, government-issued identifier, license plate number, IP address, and other similar identifiers. Characteristics of protected classifications and demographic information , such as gender, age, race, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military/veteran status, marital status, national origin, and medical information. Commercial information , including information about your interests and consuming history or tendencies, such as products or services considered; transaction information when you request information, contact Guest Services, or purchase, return, request or exchange a product or service, including payment card information or other financial information; information provided in response to surveys or other research conducted on our behalf; and information you provide in public forums. Internet or other electronic network activity information , including information regarding your interactions with us online and information we obtain from third parties about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices. Geolocation data , including precise or approximate location information provided by a mobile device or other device or product interacting with or detected by our sites, applications, or physical properties, where we are permitted by law to process this information. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information , including telephone call recordings, other voice recordings, and still or video images captured by cameras or readers on or around our physical properties. Inferences based on the above. We collect this information so that we can best serve you, including to fulfill your requests and to share offers or information that we think you may be interested in. As further described in the “ Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies ” section in our Privacy Policy, we generally collect and use the above-listed categories of personal information to provide and manage our sites, applications, products, and services, and for other business or commercial purposes, such as advertising, marketing, and to improve our products and services. Certain data collection on our sites and applications by third parties for purposes of interest-based advertising and social media tools may be a “sale” or “sharing” under California privacy law. As defined by California law, we “sold” or “shared” certain data elements within the following categories of personal information: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, approximate geolocation, and inferences drawn from the above. If you would like to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, you may click the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings. Please note that your opt-out choice is specific to the digital property and to the device and browser you are using. You may additionally choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out request more broadly than for a specific digital property. We retain each category of personal information that we collect for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in our Privacy Policy , including to satisfy legal or reporting requirements. What this means in practice will vary for different types of information, but the criteria assessed in the data retention analysis take into account ongoing business or legal needs for the information, for example in relation to tax, health and safety, and potential or actual disputes or investigations. More information, including a description of your legal rights, can be found in the “California Privacy Rights” section below.ADDITIONAL PRIVACY MANDATORY DISCLOSURES We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with California privacy law: We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications and demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from our guests, third-party sites or platforms that you link with your registration account, analytics tools, social networks, advertising networks, and third-party services that update or supplement information we hold about you. The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized in our “Notice at Collection” section, and as described in more detail in our Privacy Policy under “ Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies .”We disclosed certain data elements within the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications and demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to business partners, service providers, government entities, and other third parties as described in the “ Sharing Your Personal Information with Other Entities ” section of the Privacy Policy. As defined by applicable law, we “sold” or “shared” certain data elements within the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, approximate geolocation, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” or “shared” each category to or with entities who provide advertising, marketing, or audience measurement; other online third-party branded tools or functionality (such as maps or video players); and social networks. The business or commercial purposes of “selling” or “sharing” personal information is to assist us with advertising, marketing, audience measurement, and other functionality on our digital properties.We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in Section 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Right to Know You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we have collected about you, as well as the sources of such personal information, the purposes, and the categories of third parties with whom such personal information is shared. Right to Access You have the right to request, up to two times each year, access to categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, sell, and share. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collect from you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information You have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” or “sharing” of your “personal information” to or with “third parties” (as those terms are defined by applicable law). Removal of Content If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. Shine the Light California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. The Walt Disney Family of Companies does not share guests’ personal information with other member companies or others outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so. Right Not to Receive Discriminatory Treatment You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, you will not receive different prices or quality of services unless permitted by applicable law, including if those differences are reasonably related to your information.For example, if you exercise your right to opt out of “sale” or “sharing” of your ”personal information,” the ads you view may not be tailored to your interests. EXERCISING YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Requests to Know, Access, Delete, or Correct Your Personal Information To make a request to know or to make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information To submit a request to “opt out” of the “sale” or “sharing” of your “personal information,” you may click the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Instructions for Using an Authorized Agent to Make Requests You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request on your behalf. An authorized agent must have your signed permission to submit a request on your behalf or provide proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with applicable law. Before completing requests from authorized agents, we may contact you directly to confirm you’ve given your permission and/or to verify your identity. Authorized agents may submit requests at usprivacy.disney.com/agents . Making Requests for Removal of Content California residents under the age of 18 may make requests to remove content by sending an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed to usprivacy@twdc.com . Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested. Making Shine the Light Request To make a request for information under the Shine the Light Act, please send an email to usprivacy@twdc.com . CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS METRICS Request to Know Requests Received: 474 Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 377 Requests Denied*: 97 Average Days to Complete: 7 Request to Delete Requests Received: 2,919 Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 2,589 Requests Denied*: 330 Average Days to Complete: 6 Do Not Sell My Personal Information Requests Received: 62,930 Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 62,930 Requests Denied*: 0 Average Days to Complete: 1 This data reflects all requests received from individuals in the US as well as certain requests from individuals outside of the US between January 1 and December 31, 2022. * Requests may be denied in whole or in part due to various factors including because a request was not verifiable, was not made by a consumer, was made multiple times, or called for information exempt from disclosure. NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVES Members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may offer various and different loyalty or promotional programs that provide certain benefits to our guests. For example, we may provide special offers or discounts to our guests as part of certain programs, promotional campaigns, subscriptions, or other offerings. We may also provide discounts when guests sign up to receive marketing messages or when guests claim a specific offer. In this Notice of Financial Incentives, we refer to these various programs and offerings as the “Programs.” To learn more about the details of our Programs, including the material terms, please visit our Loyalty Programs/Financial Incentives page , where you can review the specific terms of each Program and learn how to opt out at any time in accordance with the applicable terms of each program. If you have any questions or require assistance, please contact us at usprivacy@twdc.com . In general, we collect personal information to support and fulfill the Programs, which could include identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. For additional details on the types of information we may collect, please see “ Types of Information We Collect ” in our Privacy Policy. Because we collect personal information, the Programs may be considered to be “financial incentives” or “price or service differences” under California law.To the extent the Programs are reasonably related to the value of guest personal information, the method for calculating this value would include the expenses related to our offer (such as the costs of providing discounts, free shipping, or other promotions, intellectual property or marketing costs, and other related expenses). The value of the guest personal information that we collect will vary depending on the engagement by each guest. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have a question about our privacy policies and information practices, please send an email to usprivacy@twdc.com . Accordion Toggle COLORADO Colorado law provides Colorado residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and Sale of Personal Data You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” and the “sale” of your “personal data” (as defined under Colorado law). EXERCISING YOUR COLORADO PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising or the Sale of Personal Data To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” or the “sale” of your “personal data,” you may click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Instructions for Using an Authorized Agent to Make Requests You may use an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request on your behalf. An authorized agent must have your signed permission to submit a request on your behalf or provide proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with applicable law. Before completing requests from authorized agents, we may contact you directly to confirm you’ve given your permission and/or to verify your identity. Authorized agents may submit requests at usprivacy.disney.com/agents . To appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights, you may email us at usprivacy@twdc.com . NOTICE ABOUT OUR LOYALTY PROGRAMS Members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may offer various and different loyalty or promotional programs that provide certain benefits to our guests. For example, we may provide special offers or discounts to our guests as part of certain programs, promotional campaigns, subscriptions, or other offerings. We may also provide discounts when guests sign up to receive marketing messages or when guests claim a specific offer. In this notice about our loyalty programs, we refer to these various programs and offerings as the “Programs.” To learn more about the details of our Programs, including the material terms, please visit our Loyalty Programs/Financial Incentives page , where you can review the specific terms of each Program and learn how to opt out at any time in accordance with the applicable terms of each program. If you have any questions or require assistance, please contact us at usprivacy@twdc.com . In general, we collect personal information to support and fulfill the Programs, which could include identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. For additional details on the types of information we may collect, please see “ Types of Information We Collect ” in our Privacy Policy. The Programs may be considered to be “bona fide loyalty programs” under Colorado law. As personal information is necessary to fulfill the Program benefits, if you decide to exercise your deletion rights, you will not be able to participate in the Programs.To the extent the Programs are reasonably related to the value of guest personal information, the method for calculating this value would include the expenses related to our offer (such as the costs of providing discounts, free shipping, or other promotions, intellectual property or marketing costs, and other related expenses). The value of the guest personal information that we collect will vary depending on the engagement by each guest. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have a question about our privacy policies, please send an email to usprivacy@twdc.com . Accordion Toggle CONNECTICUT Connecticut law provides Connecticut residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and Sale of Personal Data You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” and the “sale” of your “personal data” (as defined under Connecticut law). EXERCISING YOUR CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising or the Sale of Personal Data To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” or the “sale” of your “personal data,” you may click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Instructions for Using an Authorized Agent to Make Requests You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt out of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data. Authorized agents may submit such requests at usprivacy.disney.com/agents . Authorized agents can make a request on your behalf if we are provided with verification of your identity and confirmation that you provided the agent authority to act on your behalf. To appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights, you may email us at usprivacy@twdc.com . Accordion Toggle UTAH Utah law provides Utah residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” (as defined under Utah law). We do not “sell” personal data as defined under Utah law. EXERCISING YOUR UTAH PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access and Deletion Requests To make an access or deletion request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” you may click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Accordion Toggle VIRGINIA Virginia law provides Virginia residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” (as defined under Virginia law). We do not “sell” personal data as defined under Virginia law.EXERCISING YOUR VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” you may click on the link “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” on the footer of our websites or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. To appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights, you may email us at usprivacy@twdc.com . Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label