Click here if you cannot see the images It's time to reveal New Fantasyland Discover a legendary world, long hidden from view, in the largest expansion of Magic Kingdom in Walt Disney World Florida. Find Out More Christmas Call from Mickey Mouse Final few days to make someone’s Christmas truly special. Share the Magic and book a magical call from Mickey Mouse. Book your call Share the Magic Enjoy a magical film with the family this Christmas. Share the Magic this year with Disney on Blu-ray and DVD. Buy now It's Christmas on Disney Junior! Create your own Christmas cards featuring your favourite characters. Make decorations, print wrapping paper and gift tags – and lots more! Get creative Play Where's My Holiday? Love Where's My Water? Try the all new free app Where's My Holiday starring Swampy and Perry, featuring 12 exclusive Christmas themed levels. Download now Club Penguin Coins for Change Celebrate the holidays in Club Penguin with Coins for Change! Raise money for charity by baking cookies, playing games or holding a concert in your igloo! Find out more A ticket to adventure with Disney On Ice Disney On Ice presents Passport To Adventure: Final UK dates at London's Wembley Arena this Christmas. Playing 28 December 2012 to 6 January 2013. Book now Monsters Inc 3D Monsters, Inc., one of Disney•Pixar's most beloved and visually imaginative feature films ever, returns to the big screen, this time in stunning 3D. Watch the trailer Just Dance Disney Party Win a Wii and Just Dance Disney Party, the new game with dance moves from classic Disney Movies and Disney Channel shows. Win now Free Fun in Ghosts of Mistwood! We're giving away 10 snowflakes in our free Facebook social game. Use them to craft limited edition recipes, and unlock some winter fun! Play now Please do not reply to this newsletter, as unfortunately we cannot reply to you individually. This email has been sent as you have previously consented to receive updates and information from Disney. If you would now like to stop receiving these updates or information please click here to unsubscribe . If you would like to update any of your personal details click here to update your account . Disney's policy is to respect and protect individuals' privacy. If you have any questions about how or if your personal details will be used, you can read our Privacy Policy . This electronic newsletter has been sent to you by: Disney Online part of The Walt Disney Company Limited 3 Queen Caroline Street, Hammersmith, London W6 9PE. Tel: +44 (0)20 8222 1000, fax: +44 (0)20 8222 1038. All information correct at time of distribution. Registered in England and Wales. Registration Number 00530051. Registered Office: as above. © Disney