Privacy Policy The Walt Disney Company has a rich tradition of bringing great stories, characters, and experiences to our guests around the world, and our sites and applications are created to entertain and connect guests with the best that we have to offer on the platforms and devices our guests prefer. When our guests use our sites and applications, we may obtain data from and about guests and their devices. We are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect. Our privacy policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles in a format that our guests can navigate, read and understand. Our policy explains: Learn More ONLINE TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND ADVERTISING We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity, or activity on devices associated with you, on our sites and applications using tracking technologies such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons. Learn More Children’s Privacy Policy The Walt Disney Family of Companies (“TWDC”) is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. Learn More Contact Us Learn More Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label