DISQUS ADS Video Specification DISQUS VIDEO ADS: ASSET SUMMARY • Disqus' video player and most third party video players supported • Tile images supported (should not be less than 600 pixels wide) • Videos should have a 4:3 video aspect ratio • VAST tags preferred implementation • VPAID compliant as well Thumbnail Image (340 x 240 min) DISQUS VIDEO ADS: ASSET SUMMARY Ideal video length of :15 or :30 secs • MAX raw ﬁle size 25MB • Standard impression pixels are supported for video impression tracking • Click trackers are supported for URLs within body text Thumbnail Image (340 x 240 min) IN-PAGE EXAMPLE IN-PAGE EXAMPLESThe Mod Playbook Presented by So you've signed on as a Moderator… To help get you started, we've put together some best practices. (This thing you're reading right now!) Table of Contents Creating Discussions Start a Discussion Choose a Category Adding Images Format Text Invite People Get Notiﬁcations Sharing Discussions Discussion Best Practices Choosing a Topic Best Length Using Images Getting People to Return Contacting Disqus Community Philosophy TOS Basic Rules Home Rules Moderation Situations When to Remove Discussions Spotting Self-promotion Handling Off-topic Discussions Canned Responses When to Remove Comments Handling Non-English Content How to Judge Profanity When to Blacklist When to Intervene When to Escalate Moderation Features Delete Discussions Close Discussions Remove Spam Blacklist a User Mod by Email To start, what does a great community even l👀k like? Our Community Philosophy Disqus Channels are places for people to talk about things that matter to them. They should be friendly, open, and easy to use. Each channel gathers around a central topic (it could be fashion, movies, or tech), and should aim to foster great conversations. The best discussions teach you something, make you laugh, or make you think. It's your job to help those discussions ﬂourish. But to make a community thrive, there have to be certain rules in place. Rules…? Don't worry, they're pretty straightforward. There are 3 types of rules for Disqus communities: Terms of Service (TOS) Basic Rules Home Rules Terms of Service Our TOS apply to every person that uses the Disqus product, on any site. They cover a lot technical and/or legal situations. If you're being really bad and all else fails, we invoke these. It's our version of Federal law. Basic Rules The Basic Rules also apply to anyone using Disqus, but cover more community-focused behaviors. Spam Impersonation Direct threat of harm Personally identiﬁable information posted without consent Inappropriate proﬁle content These are not allowed across all counties of Disqus. This is our version of State Law. Home Rules Home Rules apply to all communities on disqus.com. Like the channel you're leading! It's like when you visit a friend's house, and they ask you to remove your shoes before coming inside. They're our, well, house rules. Home Rules tl;dr 1. Stay On-topic 2. No Self-promotion 3. Choose Your (Curse) Words Wisely 4. Don't Be a Jerk 5. Don't Copy and Paste 6. English Only Home Rules Stay On-Topic Be sure your topic matches the general theme of the channel. For example, all discussions on Talk Shop should pertain to fashion and beauty. Not sure if you're posting to the right channel? Check the channel's About section, or recently-added topics to get an idea of what subjects are appropriate. No Self-promotion A discussion or comment that contains only a link to your blog, a product, or your article on another site will almost always be removed. Home Rules Choose Your (Curse) Words Wisely Comments that contain profanity are automatically held for moderator review before being posted. Depending on the context of the comment, it may be removed. Profanity used to insult, antagonize, or inﬂame will always be removed. Don't Be a Jerk Personal attacks and harassment will not be tolerated. Sexist, racist, misogynist, homophobic, and broad, offensive generalizations about groups of people are simply not allowed. Comments or discussions written intentionally to provoke will also be removed. Home Rules Don't Copy and Paste If you didn't write it, or haven't properly cited the article you're quoting, don't post it. English Only We currently only support English-only discussions on Disqus channels. Non-English comments and discussions will be removed. Those are the fundamentals. Now, let's dig into the speciﬁcs of your role. Good moderation is key for a successful community. Moderators Should Be: Empathetic Articulate Respectful Patient Objective Enthusiastic And they should be well versed in a handful of situations and features. Moderation Situations • Removing Discussions • Removing Comments • Blacklisting Users • Intervention • Escalating Issues Removing Discussions There are two types of discussions that require removal: off-topic and self-promoting/spam discussions. The process for removing both is the same: 1. Post a canned response 2. Close the thread 3. Remove the discussion Spotting Self-promotion (continued) 1. If you strip out the thing that's being shared, does it still make for a good discussion? 2. Is the creator's proﬁle a name of a brand, business? Check website link on their proﬁle Look at previous history of comments Spotting Self-promotion 3. Is the discussion just a link to an external article/site? Then it's probably self-promotion. 4. A really long discussion (500+ comments) that is written like a blog post may have been copy-pasted from elsewhere. To check, copy a distinctive paragraph or group of sentences and search for it in Google.Handling Off-topic Discussions A user is earnestly trying to start a good discussion, but they're on the wrong channel. 1. Leave a comment redirecting them to the appropriate channel. 2. Close the thread, but don't delete it right away - give them a chance to recreate their discussion easily. Canned Responses Off-topic: "Hi @username, this comment is being deleted because it has veered off-topic. Opinions are cool, but we just ask that comments relate to the topic. Please review the Home Rules before rejoining. Thanks!" *** "Hey @username, this sounds like it could be a really interesting discussion, but since this is off-topic to [Love Stinks] - a community for discussions on dating and relationships - I'll be closing the thread. Feel free to re-post this to to [Squid] instead!" Canned Responses Self Promotion: Hi @username, I've closed this discussion for self- promotion. Self-promotion is ﬁne but if you're just submitting your links without intending to start a discussion, the thread will be closed. Please review our Home Rules. Thanks! Removing Comments Comments should be removed because: they're spam violate community guidelines are nonsensical. When to Remove Spam (Hint: always) Is someone offering to help you make $40/hr by working at home? 1. Blacklist the user 2. Mark the comment as spam When to Remove a Comment (That isn't spam) Does the comment include: personal insults racist remarks sexist remarks Is the comment: upsetting users attacking another user ﬂagged multiple times REMOVE IT But, First! Reply to the commenter to let them know why the comment was removed. Great example of being human, while enforcing rules: Then delete the comment. If bad behavior persists, ban them. What Do Nonsensical Comments Look Like? Just delete these, no warning necessary. Handling Non-English Content As Disqus is only able to operate in English currently, remove any non-English comments or discussions. Optionally, you can also post the following canned response: "Hi @username, thanks for creating a discussion! Just a friendly reminder that we are an English only site, so this discussion will be closed. Feel free to take a look at the Home Rules before re-joining the discussions." How to Judge Profanity Curse words are acceptable so long as the intent is not to personally attack another user. vs. How to Judge Profanity Exceptions: In some communities there may be a case where swear words negatively detract from the type of community you're striving to build. For example, a parenting or health channel. How to Handle: In general, curse words are okay. But, excessive use of curse words or profanity used to attack should be removed. A warning should be issued in both cases. When to Blacklist a User Is the commenter a spammer? Blacklist them. Is the commenter disruptive or posting inﬂammatory comments? Warn them once. If behavior persists, blacklist them. When to Intervene You should step in when two or more users are having an argument that is: inﬂammatory, off-topic, contains personal insults, or violates guidelines in some way. 1. Reply to all users involved that their comment, along with the rest of the subthread, will be removed. 2. Remove all comments from the subthread, including your own. When to Escalate 1. Is it a situation you don't know how to approach, or don't feel comfortable getting involved in? 2. Do you think a more serious TOS violation is taking place? 3. Is there bulk spam that needs extra attention? How to Escalate 1. Ask other mods for advice in the #channel-mods Slack channel. 2. Reach out to your Disqus employee contact directly. Now you know when to moderate. Let's talk about how to moderate. Moderation Features • How to Delete Discussions • How to Close Discussions • How to Remove Spam • How to Blacklist a User • How to Remove Comment Spam • How to Mod by Email How to Delete Discussions Method #1: Delete from main channel feed How to Delete Discussions Method #2: Delete from discussion page How to Close Discussions Choose Close Thread, and voilà! How to Remove Spam There are two different types of spam: discussion spam and comment spam. Discussion Spam: remove by deleting the discussion (see earlier slides). Comment Spam: blacklist user and mark as spam (see next slides). How to Blacklist a User Method #1: Blacklist directly from the thread 1. Select Blacklist from comment's dropdown menu 2. Select user, email and Apply retroactively. Click Save. How to Blacklist a User Method #2: Blacklist discussion creator from discussion page 1. Click Moderate button to reveal blacklist option. (This is a good option if the discussion creator has not yet posted a comment.) How to Remove Comment Spam Method #1: Remove directly from thread Select Mark as Spam from comment dropdown menu How to Moderate by Email Respond to any email with delete, approve, or spam to take action without visiting the thread or mod panel. So that's the gory moderation stuff. Let's talk about starting great discussions.Creating Discussions • How to Start a Discussion • How to Choose a Category • How to Add Images • How to Format Text • How to Invite People • Get Notiﬁcations for New Comments • How to Share a Discussion How to Start a Discussion Create a discussion from the main channel feed, or any discussion page. How to Choose a Category Categories are meant to help frame your discussion. Choose the one that best ﬁts your topic. How to Add Images Method #1: Upload Your Own Image 1. Click Upload Image to browse your computer for an image 2. Drag and drop an image How to Add Images Method #2: Use a web link 1. Find an image, and copy the image URL. 2. Image best practices: Google Image for linking to images, upload your own to Imgur, use Giphy to ﬁnd the perfect GIF 3. The link should end in .jpg or .png. Example: http://i.imgur.com/hGsihSp.jpg How to Format Text Text can be formatted in a variety of ways using HTML. (If you need help, these HTML and Image formatting tips are found on the Create Discussion page.) How to Invite People Check the box to invite the most active users from the channel to your discussion. This helps get things started! Get Notiﬁcations for New Comments When you start a discussion, you have the option to receive email notiﬁcations for new comments. This lets you know when it's time to join in! How to Share a Discussion Recommending a discussion shares it to your followers. You should recommend every discussion you start! Sharing your discussion to your social media channels (Twitter, FB, etc.) will encourage others to join in. Discussion Best Practices • What Should I Talk About? • What's the Best Length? • Should I Use an Image? • How Do I Get People to Return? What Should I Talk About? Anything relevant to your channel! The most important thing is to be speciﬁc, and include a question. (This helps people better understand how to join the conversation.) What's the Best Length? Discussions can be as short as a single question, or be a little longer to provide more context. The discussion above is about 500 characters, or 100 words. We would consider this to be a medium to long discussion. Should I Use an Image? In general, images are a good idea. They add visual interest, and help draw attention on social media. If you can ﬁnd an image (or a gif!) that complements your discussion, you should use it! How Do I Get People to Return? Reply, reply, reply! Acknowledging a comment, by replying or upvoting, lets people know there is someone out there. Thank them for joining the discussion if they're a new face. Bonus: the faster you reply, the more likely they are to return and post another comment. How Do I Contact Disqus? Channel Chat First, try looking for help from other moderators in Channel Chat. Email If you cannot ﬁnd an answer to your question, or you need to escalate a serious situation, email Disqus at channelhelp@disqus.com Thank you for all your great and valuable work!