Docker Privacy Docker respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your personal data. These are some of the measures we take to protect your personal data. Privacy Policy Docker’s Privacy Policy details the different ways personal data received from users of our website (“Website”) collected via the Website, email, SMS, telephone, WAP or other means may be collected, used, and disclosed by Docker. Data Processing Addendum The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect on May 25, 2018. GDPR has a long reach and applies if you are based in the EU or do business in the EU. If you have any EU personal data in your Docker account, such as names, email addresses, ID numbers, or anything else that is personally identifiable, then GDPR applies. You are a Controller of personal data under GDPR, so you need to enter into GDPR-compliant data processing agreements with any online services and third party vendors you rely on, including Docker. These agreements are called a Data Processing Addendum, or DPA. The processing of EU personal data must be governed by a GDPR-compliant data processing agreement . Docker provides a standard DPA to extend GDPR privacy principles, rights, and obligations regarding personal data stored in the production system/technical instance of Docker’s subscriptions and/or services provided by Docker and ordered by a Docker customer. Subprocessors Docker uses third party subprocessors, such as cloud computing service providers and customer support software, to provide our services. We enter into a GDPR-compliant data processing agreement with each subprocessor, and require the same of them. © 2023 Docker Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label