Twitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.Domotz Cookie Policy Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Necessary 13 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ZD-suid Unique id that identifies the user's session. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _zcsr_tmp This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP hex (10) [x2] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Statistics 16 _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML webformvisitor_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Marketing 60 _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP _session_id Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML crmcsr Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel (unnamed) Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __mp_opt_in_out_594445a814719514344741c7deb68a4d Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP banner_achab Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML domotz_utms Pending Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#IABV2_TITLE#] Do not sell or share my personal information Cookiebot by Usercentrics By Sector Retail Education Government Healthcare Hospitality Facility Management By User MSPs Enterprise IT Commercial Integrators Residential Integrators IT Professionals Security Professionals Help Center Contact Us Case Studies Customer Reviews Webinars Knowledge Base Domotz Academy Security Standards By Sector Retail Education Government Healthcare Hospitality Facility Management By User MSPs Enterprise IT Commercial Integrators Residential Integrators IT Professionals Security Professionals Help Center Contact Us Case Studies Customer Reviews Webinars Knowledge Base Domotz Academy Security Standards DOMOTZ WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Domotz Website Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 21, 2021 Domotz is committed to respecting your privacy. This Website Privacy Policy explains the ways in which Domotz Inc and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Domotz”) collect, use, and disclose information about you through our websites including domotz.com and domotz.com sub-domains (the “Site”). Please note that if you sign up as a registered user of our products and services or download our mobile application, your personal information will be handled in accordance with our Products and Services Privacy Policy rather than this Website Privacy Policy. This Website Privacy Policy was last updated in June 2021. We may change it from time to time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of any updates. Data collection Information You Provide: We collect, and associate with your account, any information that you provide Domotz when you use the Site, such as when you create an account, purchase a product, or contact us. Information you provide us can include, but is not limited to, (a) your name, email address, physical address, username, password, and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as billing and shipping addresses, credit card information, and any other information necessary to complete the transaction; (c) and information you provide when you contact us. We do not collect or store your full credit card information. Our credit card processing service provider, will collect and store full payment card information from you. Usage: We collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Site. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to the Site, and identifiers associated with your devices. . Cookies and other technologies: We use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (“Cookies”) to provide, improve, protect and promote our services, as explained in the Cookies Policy section below. Third Party Sites and Social Media Features: Our Site contains links to other websites operated by third parties, such as social media companies Facebook and Twitter. These third party sites may collect information about you if you click on a link and they may record information about your browsing behaviour. Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.We do not control what information these third parties collect. Please review their privacy policies and your privacy settings on your social media sites and think carefully before clicking on third party links. We do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across the networks of websites and online services in which we participate. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Website Privacy Policy. Visit www.allaboutdnt.org for more information. Data Use We may use the information we collect to provide, improve and protect our services, such as for: Delivering marketing communications about Domotz-related services, products or promotions. We may use service providers to send these messages on our behalf, but we do not share your email address with any other third parties without your permission. Providing you with products, services, or information you request, for example when you contact us for remote support and troubleshooting; Providing you with information about the Site or required notices; Customizing your experience when using the Site; Improving the Site and services that we provide, such as by better tailoring our content to your needs and preferences; Generating and analyzing statistics about your use of the Site; Detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of law, or other misuse of the Site. We may also combine or aggregate any of the information collected through the Site or elsewhere for any of these purposes. Data Sharing We do not share personal information for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to the delivery of Domotz products and services without asking you first. We do not rent or sell our customer lists. The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information: Trusted Partners working for Domotz: Domotz may occasionally use certain third party service providers to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our services. These third parties may access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf and in compliance with this Website Privacy Policy. Other users: Certain features on the Site may allow you to share information with other users, such as your name, email address and additional information. Please take care if you choose to do so, as we do not control how these other users will handle your information. Business Transitions: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the purchaser uses your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Website Privacy Policy. Law & Order: We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Domotz or our users; or (d) protect Domotz’s property rights. We may share some aggregated, anonymized and non-personal information publicly and with our partners. For example, we may publish trends about internet speed, or statistics about the type of electronic devices installed in the homes of our customers. This information may also be shared with other users to help them understanding their network as compared to others in the Domotz community, raise awareness about technical issues or help us generally improve our system. We take steps to ensure this non-personal information is not being associated with any specific user and we require our partners to do the same. Cookies Policy We use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (referred to collectively throughout this policy as “Cookies”) to provide, improve, protect and promote our services. Cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, and allow us to collect information about your browsing behaviour when you use our Site, including for example, browser type, IP address, domains, page views, referring/exit pages, and information about how you interact with our webpages. In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Site. We may track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. Our site uses first party cookies (i.e. cookies set directly by us to your device) as well as cookies served by third parties for the purposes outlined below. Some of the Cookies the Site uses only remain on your device while your browser is open (these cookies are known as “session cookies”) while others remain for longer periods (these are known as “permanent cookies”). The Site uses the following Cookies: Domotz Cookie Policy.We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. Your consent applies to the following domains: www.domotz.com , Preferences , Statistics , Marketing Your consent ID: Consent date: Cookie declaration last updated on 7/27/23 by Cookiebot : Necessary (13) Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP Cookie __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Session HTTP Cookie _zcsr_tmp This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Session HTTP Cookie ASP.NET_SessionId domotzpro.tome.host Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Session HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP Cookie CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. 2 years HTTP Cookie CookieConsent www.domotz.com Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Cookie hex (10) [x2] Zoho www.domotz.com Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Session HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP Cookie test_cookie www.domotz.com Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP Cookie ZD-suid Unique id that identifies the user's session. Persistent HTML Local Storage Preferences (1) Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Persistent HTML Local Storage Statistics (16) Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP Cookie _cltk www.domotz.com Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTML Local Storage _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP Cookie AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP Cookie c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Session Pixel Tracker CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website.This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year HTTP Cookie collect www.domotz.com Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel Tracker ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP Cookie personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. 400 days HTTP Cookie td www.domotz.com Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel Tracker webformvisitor_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Session HTTP Cookie ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Persistent HTML Local Storage Marketing (60) Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP Cookie _session_id Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites. 14 days HTTP Cookie _uetsid www.domotz.com Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 1 day HTTP Cookie _uetsid_exp www.domotz.com Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetvid www.domotz.com Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Persistent HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 1 year HTTP Cookie _uetvid_exp www.domotz.com Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Persistent HTML Local Storage ads/ga-audiences www.domotz.com Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Session Pixel Tracker ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. 1 day HTTP Cookie bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP Cookie crmcsr Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Session HTTP Cookie i/adsct [x2] www.domotz.com The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Session Pixel Tracker IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP Cookie li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP Cookie lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Persistent IndexedDB mp_#_mixpanel [x2] portal.domotz.com Pending 1 year HTTP Cookie MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 7 days HTTP Cookie muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 400 days HTTP Cookie MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID.The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. 1 year HTTP Cookie nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP Cookie pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel Tracker remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP Cookie requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IndexedDB SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Session HTTP Cookie SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. 1 year HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP Cookie UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 30 days HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 180 days HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML Local Storage Unclassified (4) Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. (unnamed) Pending Session HTTP Cookie __mp_opt_in_out_594445a814719514344741c7deb68a4d portal.domotz.com Pending Session HTTP Cookie banner_achab www.domotz.com Pending Persistent HTML Local Storage domotz_utms www.domotz.com Pending 2 months HTTP Cookie You have the right to choose whether or not to accept Cookies. However, they are an important part of how our Site works, so you should be aware that if you choose to refuse or remove cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality the site. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your browser which are usually located within the “Help,” “Tools” or “Edit” facility. Some third parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking on an opt-out link, and we have indicated where this is possible in the table above. Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, is available at the following URLs: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu . Data security & retention Security: We take security seriously and care about the integrity of your personal information. We use administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or to enforce our agreements. Where: To provide you with our services, we may store, process and transmit information in locations around the world – including those outside your country. Those countries may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country, and may be available to the governments or agencies under a lawful order of those countries. Where this is the case, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with this Website Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, these countries. Information may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the services. Children This Site is not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 16. If you become aware that a child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at the contact information below. Your Choice If you no longer wish to receive non-transactional communications from us, please click the “unsubscribe” link in any email from us, update your marketing preferences in your account, or contact us at the address below. To make a request to have personal information maintained by us returned to you, amended or removed, please email privacy@domotz.com . Requests to access, change, or remove your information will be handled within thirty (30) days. Updates to this Policy We may revise this Website Privacy Policy, from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Website Privacy Policy. If a revision materially changes your rights, we will notify you and provide you with the opportunity to consent to such changes before applying them to that information. Contact If your contact information changes, if you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, if you wish to inquire about information we have collected about you, or if you have questions or concerns about Domotz privacy, please contact us at privacy@domotz.com or writing at: DOMOTZ INC. 120 East 13065 South, Suite 102 Draper, UT. 84020-8616 USA Last Updated: June 21, 2021 Ready to get started with Domotz? PowerfulAutomatedSimpleAffordable *no credit card required New to Domotz? Resources Company We're hiring Let's Connect © 2023 DOMOTZ, INC.Domotz Cookie Policy Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Necessary 13 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ZD-suid Unique id that identifies the user's session. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _zcsr_tmp This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP hex (10) [x2] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Statistics 16 _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML webformvisitor_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Marketing 60 _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP _session_id Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites. Expiry : 14 days Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 7 days Type : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML crmcsr Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel (unnamed) Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP __mp_opt_in_out_594445a814719514344741c7deb68a4d Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP banner_achab Pending Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML domotz_utms Pending Expiry : 2 months Type : HTTP [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#IABV2_TITLE#] Do not sell or share my personal information Cookiebot by Usercentrics By Sector Retail Education Government Healthcare Hospitality Facility Management By User MSPs Enterprise IT Commercial Integrators Residential Integrators IT Professionals Security Professionals Help Center Contact Us Case Studies Customer Reviews Webinars Knowledge Base Domotz Academy Security Standards By Sector Retail Education Government Healthcare Hospitality Facility Management By User MSPs Enterprise IT Commercial Integrators Residential Integrators IT Professionals Security Professionals Help Center Contact Us Case Studies Customer Reviews Webinars Knowledge Base Domotz Academy Security Standards DOMOTZ PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY This Products and Services Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the information that Domotz Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Domotz”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) collect, use, share, and store about you through the Domotz subscription services (the “Services”). In doing so, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and personal data, in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy rules. In the interest of clarity, we confirm that we do NOT sell or rent or your personal data to any third party. Data is collected and utilized by Domotz solely for the provision of the Services. In this Policy, personal information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. The use of information collected through our Service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Service for which the Subscribers has engaged. Subscribers to our Services are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable w ws and regulations, as well as any and all privacy policies, agreements or other obligations, relating to the collection of personal information in connection with the use of our Services by individuals (also referred to as “data subjects”) with whom our Subscribers interact. If you are an individual who interacts with a Subscriber using our Services, then you will be directed to contact our Subscriber for assistance with any requests or questions relating to your personal information. We collect information under the direction of our Subscribers and have no direct relationship with individuals whose personal information we process in connection with our Subscriber’s use of our Services. If you are an individual who interacts with a Subscriber using our Services (such as a customer of one of our Subscribers) and would either like to amend your contact information or no longer wish to be contacted by one of our Subscribers that use our Services, please contact the Subscriber that you interact with directly. This privacy policy was last updated on May 14, 2018.We may change it from time to time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of any updates. By using the Services, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy, now and as amended by us. What information does Domotz collect? We collect the following categories of information: Information you give us: Account and Registration Information: We ask for and may collect personal information about you such as your name, address, phone number, email address, instant messaging ID, and credit card information, as well as certain related information like your company name and website name, when you register for an account to access or utilize one or more of our Services (an “Account”). We also ask for and collect personal information such as an email address and a name or alias from any individual that you authorize to log into and utilize our Services in connection with Your Account. We refer to any information described above as “Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. By voluntarily providing us with Account Information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal data or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. Other Submissions: We ask for and may collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites or as you use interactive features of the Websites, including, participation in surveys, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating with us. Attendee Information: We ask for and may collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which any member of Domotz Company participates. Information That We Collect From You on our Websites: We provide additional details about how we collect and use information from our public web sites in our Website Privacy Policy. Geo-location data: We may collect information such as zip code, area code, referrer URL, approximate location, and the time zone where our products and services are installed to provide our services and to assist you in case of troubleshooting. Technical information from your network and devices: We collect technical and diagnostic information about the devices in your network. For instance, we automatically collect the MAC address, maker name and model of your devices, up and down status, operating system version, unique device identifiers and the related software. We also collect real time operating status of your network and its connected devices (i.e. network speed, IP addresses, device event information such as disconnections, system activity, hardware settings, the date and time of your requests) and the related diagnostics information. We may process information from your devices so that we can send you alerts when something happens. We may also use this data as described below; for example, we may use the data in aggregated format for statistical and research purposes to show you how your network performance compares with other users in your area. Environmental data: We may collect data from sensors or devices which may be present in your network, such as data on whether something in the room is moving, temperature data, and the occurrence of smoke or CO alarms in order to deliver such information to you or to security services during the use of our products and services. Collaboration and remote connectivity data: One of the features of Domotz is to provide you, or people enabled by you, to remotely connect to your network via secure sessions. For example, you (or others you allow) could be accessing your home PC remotely via our Remote Desktop feature or you could login remotely into the configuration page of your router or any of your home devices. We do not view or access any of your devices remotely without prior authorization by you or from your support provider that has obtained your consent. Information we may receive from other sources: We may receive information about you if you use the Services. We work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. How does Domotz use the information it collects?We may use the information we collect to provide, develop and improve our products and services, such as for: Providing you with products, services, or information you request, for example when you contact us for remote support and troubleshooting; Making assessments and recommendations about products, services and safety; Providing you with information our products and services or the required notices; Customizing your experience when using our products and services; Improving the products and services that we provide, such as by better tailoring our content to your needs and preferences; Internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; Delivering marketing communications about Domotz-related services, products or promotions and to measure or understand the effectiveness of marketing. We may use service providers to send these messages on our behalf, but we do not share your email address with any other third parties without your permission; and Detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of law, or other misuse of the products and services. We may also combine or aggregate in anonymized or non-personally identifiable format any of the information collected through the use of the Services or elsewhere for any of these purposes and for research, statistical and business purposes. Legal Basis for Processing (EEA only): If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process the personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests which are not already described in this Notice, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. In what circumstances does Domotz share my data? The following are the situations where we may share your data: We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006). Domotz partners and third party developers: We may share de-identified data for research, statistical, and business purposes. Additionally, to improve their software, hardware and services designed for use with our products and services, Domotz may provide any such partner or third party developer with information that is relevant to that partner’s or developer’s software, hardware and/or services, as long as the diagnostic information is in a form that does not personally identify you. Trusted partners working for Domotz: Domotz may occasionally use certain third party service providers to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our services and to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.These third parties may access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. Business Transitions: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. Law & Order: We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Domotz or our users; (d) to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or (e) to protect the rights, property, or safety of Domotz or others. Your data may be collected, processed and stored by Domotz or its service providers where you or our servers reside. As a result, your data may be subject to legal requirements, including lawful requirements to disclose data to government authorities, in those jurisdictions. How do the Services interact with third parties? The Services allow you to interact with third party services,. Any Domotz products and services data that you choose to share with a third party is governed by that third party’s privacy policy while in that party’s possession. If you select a third party to share your information, we cannot control the collection, storage or sharing of information collected by that party. Always check the privacy policies for any company that collects your data and make sure you are requested to grant/deny permission to access your information. When you choose to connect third-party products and services through Domotz products and services, you are shown details about proposed exchange(s) of data between Domotz products and services and the third party that is providing the products or service. In some cases, Domotz Services or the third party will instead (or also) ask for permission to control the products that you have connected. Domotz products and services may receive and process information from third parties, and some of this information may be associated or stored with your Domotz account. Any data that Domotz products and services receives from third-party products and services will be processed and stored by us and will be treated in accordance with this privacy policy. This information may be processed in the same ways as any other data that is a part of your Domotz account. How and where does Domotz process information? Domotz users residing in North America will have their information sent to Domotz Cloud servers located in the United States when transmitting information in the United States. Domotz users residing in Europe and the rest of the world will have their information sent to Domotz Cloud servers based in the European Union when transmitting information from outside of the United States. To provide you with the Services when you are on the go, we may need to store, process and transmit information in locations around the world from where you are accessing our services- including those outside your country. Those countries may not provide the same level of protection for your data as your home country, and may be available to the governments or agencies under a lawful order of those countries. Where this is the case, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that your data is protected in accordance with this privacy policy. Remember that when you visit our Website, we collect data as described in our separate Website Privacy Policy . How long does Domotz save my data and how can I delete it? Domotz generally stores your data on Domotz’s cloud servers for as long as you remain a Domotz customer in order to provide you with Domotz services and products and for legal compliance purposes. You can view and edit your information on the Domotz web or mobile application. You can delete your personal data at any time by terminating your account or by writing to us at privacy@domotz.com . We may retain de-identified data indefinitely. For personal information that we process on behalf of our Subscribers, we will retain such personal information in accordance with the terms of our agreement with them, subject to applicable law. How does Domotz keep my information secure? We take security seriously and care about the integrity of your data. We use administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). However, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. As per the organizational duties introduced by the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), we commit to report personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach, where feasible.If the breach is likely to result in a high risk of adversely affecting individuals’ rights and freedoms, also those individuals will be informed without undue delay. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer of our organization. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact him at privacy@domotz.com . What are my rights? At Domotz we take our users’ rights into the highest regard. For this purpose, we align ourselves to the most advanced privacy regulations available. When in it comes to your Personal Data, we recognize, and commit to respect and enforce, the following rights: The right to be informed: upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold or process any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at privacy@domotz.com . The right of access: as a user of our Services, you may access your personal data, at any time, by logging into the Domotz Website and accessing your profile section. The right to rectification: as a Subscriber of our Services, you may access and update or change your Account Information by editing them yourself from your profile area of the Domotz Website. A Data Subject who seeks access to, or who seeks to correct or, amend inaccuracies in, or delete personal information stored or processed by us on behalf of a Subscriber should direct his/her query to the Subscriber (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our Subscribers for us to remove the data, we will respond to their request within thirty (30) days. The right to erasure: If you no longer wish to make use of our Services, you my erase your personal data from the Account area of the Domotz Website. You may also exercise this right by making a request, in accordance with Data Protection Laws, by emailing privacy@domotz.com . The right to restrict or object processing: You retain the right to request us to refrain from or restrict our processing of your data for the purposes of marketing. To exercise such right, you may click the “unsubscribe” link in any non-transactional email or marketing email from us, update your preferences in your account, or contact us via email at privacy@domotz.com . The right to data portability: You retain at all times the right to to exercise your right of having your Personal Data exported and transferred – in a safe way – to another provider of Services similar to ours. You may exercise this right by making a request, in accordance with Data Protection Laws, by emailing privacy@domotz.com . Any request related to your rights above, will be handled within thirty (30) days from the moment we receive such request. Children’s Information The Services are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at the contact information listed below. Updates to this Policy We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and will post the most current version on our website. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this privacy policy. If a revision materially changes your rights, we will notify you and provide you with the opportunity to consent to such changes before applying them to that information. Contact If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@domotz.com or writing to: DOMOTZ INC. 120 East 13065 South Suite 102 Draper, UT. 84020-8616 USA Last Updated: 14 May 2018 Ready to get started with Domotz? PowerfulAutomatedSimpleAffordable *no credit card required New to Domotz? Resources Company We're hiring Let's Connect © 2023 DOMOTZ, INC.G2 Privacy Policy Last updated on June 30, 2023. This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you in connection with your use of our services, including those offered through the G2 website ( and any subdomains) (“ Site”) and communications (e.g., emails, phone calls, and texts) (collectively, “ Service”). The terms “ we”, “ us”, “ our” and “ G2” refer to: (i) G2.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. When you use the Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy, our and our Community Guidelines This Privacy Policy does not cover any information that you make publicly available through the Service or your use of any of G2’s paid products, nor does it cover G2’s employees, former employees or job applicants and prospects. 1. About G2 G2 offers a public website where you can search for and share information about technology products, services and providers, communicate with Site users, contribute reviews of technology products and services, and connect with software providers. 2. Information We Collect and How We Use It We receive, store, and process certain types of personal information about you from your use of the Service, automatic data collection, and from certain third parties. What Categories and Types of Information We Collect We collect, transmit and store various categories of your personal information in connection with the Service. Over the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: Identifiers First name, last name, email address Commercial Information Records of software products and/or services purchased, obtained or considered Internet or other electronic network or device activity information Search history, information on interactions with a website, application, or advertisement Geolocation Data Physical location, generally Audio and visual information Video reviews of software Professional or employment information Current or past employment, job title, employer name Inferences Activity on the Site to infer interest in certain products and categories Sensitive personal information Account login and password information G2 has not collected and does not plan to collect characteristics of protected classifications under applicable laws, biometric information, education information; and sensitive personal information other than account logins and encrypted passwords. Although neither required nor recommended, it is your choice to provide any of the foregoing information in connection with the Service and to make that information public. When you use services such as Monty, G2’s AI-powered software buying assistant, G2 may store your chat logs with Monty for the purpose of gathering feedback about Monty and improving our products and services. Please do not post on the Site or add to your account any personal data that you would not want to be publicly available. Categories of Sources from Which We Collect Personal Information We receive your personal information from any one or more of the following sources: Directly from you. When you visit the Site, log-in as a registered user, or provide your information in a form on the Site, we will collect and store that information. Indirectly from you. When you navigate and interact with the Site, some information is automatically collected by cookies and similar technologies. Not all information collected may be personal information, and some cookies are necessary to use different functionalities of the Site. The personal information collected may include information about your computer and internet connection, like IP address, operating system, and browser type. For more information about the cookies we use, see our From Social Media Networks. When you use a social network login to access the Site, you will share certain personal information from your social media account with us. For example, if you connect to the Site through your LinkedIn account, we will receive and store your LinkedIn profile information and LinkedIn connections. From Other Sources. We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-party sources and add it to other information about you. For example, if you visit the Site by “clicking-through” from a site operated by one of our business partners and you have registered with that partner, then information about you that you have provided to that partner may be shared with us. Why We Use Your Personal Information We may use personal information as permitted by law, for the following business purposes: To provide the Service and various functions of the Service. When you create an account on the Site, we store and use the information you provide during that process.This may include your first and last name, email address, the company you work for, and any other information you may provide during the account creation process. We may, if you consent, publicly display your first name and last initial, as well as any other photo or content you supply as part of your account profile. We also store and use any preferences you provide to personalize your user experience, including the types of software services and products that you use. Any reviews or other content that you submit to the Site are intended for public display and are therefore viewable by the public, including but not limited to your first name and last initial, and photos associated with your account. You can limit the public nature of some of this information in your account settings. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, audio and visual information, professional or employment information, inferences, sensitive personal information. To fulfill any contact requests you make on the Site. When you request additional information on a certain third-party service or product listed on the Site, we will use the information you provide to connect you with the provider of that service or product. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information: identifiers, professional or employment information. To engage in research and analysis related to the Site. We store and use information to identify and fix errors, understand how visitors use the Site, research and test different features, and analyze how visitors arrive at and use the Site. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment information, inferences. To personalize your experience. We store and use information provided by you, such as the software products and services you use or have used, or are researching on the Site, to personalize and make recommendations to you based on your provided information. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data. To improve and understand usage of the Site. We store and use information about your use of the Site, such as your search activity, pages viewed, and the date, time and duration of your visits, to understand and improve usage of the Site. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment information. To provide feedback to third party businesses that are listed on the Site. We store and use information about you or provided by you to assist our business partners in understanding their potential customers or current users. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, commercial information, audio and visual information, professional or employment information, inferences. To enhance the security of the Service. We store and use information to ensure the security of the Service. For example, we use the information collected by certain cookies to determine if you are logged in and to detect unauthorized access to your account. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data. To send you emails about G2's products and services. We use your email address to send informational and marketing emails to you about new products and services, or updates to existing products or services. We may also contact you regarding feedback you provide us, or to learn more about your experience using the Site. Where appropriate, G2 will only do this with your consent. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data. To serve you offsite advertisements, including targeted advertising. We may serve advertisements for G2 products and services to you through our advertising partners, based on information you provide during your site visit. Where appropriate, G2 will only do this with your consent. To check your settings, please review your cookie preferences . For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, commercial information, professional or employment information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information. To comply with legal obligations.We use and share your personal information as necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; we also may use and share your personal information to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims, or as otherwise required by law. We may use and share your personal information when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of G2, the Site visitors and registered users, our licensees, and others. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, audio and visual information, professional or employment information, inferences, sensitive personal information. In connection with a corporate transaction. We may use and share your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, investment, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. For this business purpose, we may use these categories of information : identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, audio and visual information, professional or employment information, inferences, sensitive personal information. How We Share Your Information with Others G2 may share your information with providers of products and services listed on the Site, our business partners, our service providers, social media networks, our affiliates, and any other third parties whom you authorize us to share your information with. Sharing with providers of products and services listed on the Site. When you expressly request to be contacted, we will share your personal information with the provider of the software product or service with whom you have asked to be connected, in order to fulfill your request. In fulfilling your request, we will provide the following personal information, to the extent you provide it: First and last name;Email address;Phone number;Employer information; and General location information, at the state or country level. Sharing your content. When you leave a review on the Site, unattributed or not, that review and any personal information you have associated with that review, may be shared. This information may be displayed publicly on other social media sites, third-party software marketplaces, the providers of software products and services listed on the Site, and the operators of other publicly-available websites, platforms, or mobile apps that we have authorized to share this content through their websites, social media sites, platforms, mobile apps, or other marketing materials, such as slide decks or case studies. In sharing your content, we will share your personal information, to the extent you provide it, including: First name, last initial;Email address;Profile picture associated with your G2 account;Job title; andEmployer. Sharing with our service providers. G2 uses third party service providers to support or provide services for us in connection with the Site, such as hosting, security and fraud prevention, technical and user support, tracking and reporting usage of the Site, marketing, and other functions. We share your personal information with them as necessary to perform tasks on our behalf. The information that we share can include any of the categories identified in section 2 of this Privacy Policy. Sharing with social networks. If you sign in to your G2 account using a social network like LinkedIn or Facebook, we may share information about your activity or any content you post on the Site with the relevant social network. For example, if you write a review on the Site and elect to post that review on social media, we will share personal information you have provided in connection with that review to the relevant social network. Sharing with our affiliates. We share your personal information with our affiliates and require them to abide by this Privacy Policy. If another company were to acquire G2, or all or substantially all of our assets, that company would then possess any personal information G2 has about you, and will collect, use, and disclose that information solely as described in this Privacy Policy. The information that we share can include any of the categories identified in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. G2 may receive monetary or other valuable consideration for sharing your personal information when you submit a request to be contacted by a provider on the Site, or when you leave a review on the Site that we share with our clients. We do not share personal information with any other third parties. The personal information that is shared includes your first and last name, and email.Any other information you submit with your request or review will also be shared. G2 also, in limited circumstances, shares personal information with cross-context advertising partners. Where G2 sells or shares your personal information, we do so to promote our products and services across platforms; to allow our clients to display your reviews on their sites; and to provide clients with meaningful insight into their competitive landscape. G2 has not sold any other personal information for any other purpose in the last 12 months. G2 does not sell sensitive personal information, and the sensitive personal information that we collect is limited to your account login information and password. 3. Cookies, Analytics, and Other Tracking Technologies Cookies and Tracking Technology We want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us serve and recognize you when you visit the Site. We receive and store certain types of information when you visit the Site. When you access the Site, we (including companies we work with) may place small data files on your computer or other device. These data files may be web beacons, cookies, clear gifs, pixel tags, e-tags, flash cookies, log files, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications. These tracking technologies, which are often referred to collectively as cookies, allow us to understand how users navigate to and around the Site, view different pages, access content and request services. We may use them, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information and collect general usage and volume statistical information. If you want to remove or block cookies, you may be able to update your browser settings. For more information about our use of cookies, and to adjust your cookie preferences on the Site, please review our Cookie Policy . You can also find instructions on how to manage cookies on different types of web browsers at All About Cookies . Do Not Track Signals G2 does not currently respond to Do-Not-Track signals, although we do respond to the Global Privacy Control (GPC). You may adjust your preferences for certain tracking, for example, by disabling cookies or using ‘private’ or ‘incognito’ browsing modes. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . 4. Reviews and Other Content Published on the Site If you leave a review on the Site, or participate on a discussion board, your review(s) or comments will be publicly available on and off of the Site. Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include personal information in the content you post publicly. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Service anonymously. Please also note that the messages you send or receive using the Service are only private to the extent that both you and the recipient(s) of your messages keep them private. For example, if you send a message to another user, that user may choose to publicly post it. We may access, review, and disclose such messages in connection with investigations related to use of the Service, as well as our efforts to improve the Service. Submitting reviews and comments is entirely voluntary. By submitting reviews and comments, you grant G2 an authorization to publicly share them and sub-license the content according to our Terms of Use . This means that we can authorize the providers of software products and services to share this content through their websites, social media sites, or other marketing materials, such as slide decks or case studies, and/or the operators of other publicly-available websites, social media sites, platforms, or mobile apps to republish this content. If you posted an attributed review under your name, you can change your mind later, and we will anonymize or delete it. However, please understand that we cannot guarantee others did not store the personal information prior to the change, by printing or downloading the original post. 5. Your Data Privacy Rights Depending on where you are located and/or live, you may exercise certain data privacy rights, and G2 will facilitate the exercise of those rights. European Privacy Rights If you are a resident or are otherwise located in the European Union ("EU") or the United Kingdom ("UK"), this section provides additional details about the personal data we collect about you, and your rights granted by the EU and UK General Data Protection Regulations, as applicable (“GDPR”). Subject to certain limitations, the GDPR provides you the following privacy rights: Transparency and the right to information. Through this Privacy Policy we explain how we use and share your personal information. However, if you have questions or concerns you can contact us at privacy [at] g2.com. Right of access, objection, restriction of processing, correction, erasure, and portability.You can make a request to access, object, restrict, correct, erase, or transfer any of your personal information. You also have the right to withdraw your consent when we process your personal information based on your consent. Right to opt-out from direct marketing. You have the right to opt-out from receiving marketing materials from us by following the opt-out instructions in our commercial emails, by contacting us, or by adjusting your preferences under your profile details on the Site. Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications, including transactional emails, service announcements and administrative messages relating to your G2 account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Right not to be subject to an automated decision, including profiling. We do not make automated decisions using your personal data that may negatively impact you. We use cookies and similar technologies on the Site to personalize your experience on the Site and recommend software products and services that may be of interest to you. For additional information or to opt-out see our Cookie Policy . Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes your GDPR privacy rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority , in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement. For users located in the UK, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) If you would like to submit a request to G2 to exercise your EU or UK privacy rights under the GDPR, you may do so either by submitting a request through our privacy rights form , or by emailing privacy [at] g2.com with your request. Legal Basis for Processing (EEA, Switzerland and United Kingdom only) Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the type of information and the context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only in the following circumstances: We have your express consent to do so;We need the personal data to perform a contract with you; orProcessing is in our legitimate interests and is not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, to prevent, investigate or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site or to comply with legal obligations). If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will identify such basis for processing at the relevant time and let you know if the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as the possible consequences associated with not providing such information). If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will typically be to operate the Site, communicate with you in relation to your account or the Site, to solicit information from you, including through surveys, to share aggregated information with providers of listed products or services and other licensees of our research and report offerings, to measure interest in and improve our offerings and Site, to engage in marketing activities, and to otherwise customize your experience with G2. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy [at] g2.com. California Privacy Rights If you are a resident of California, this section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about you, and your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA and CPRA provide you the right to request: That we provide you access to details on the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect and/or sell (including how we use and disclose this information, to whom we may sell it);That we delete any of your personal information;That we correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;To opt out of any "sale" or "sharing" of your personal information that may occur, including sensitive personal information; andTo not be discriminated against for exercising any of the above rights. Please note that G2 does not collect sensitive personal information other than account login and password from its users. If you would like to submit a request to exercise your California privacy rights, you may do so either by submitting a request through our privacy rights form , or by emailing privacy [at] g2.com with your request.We will verify your request using information associated with your account, including your email. Further identification may be required. You may also designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf. Please note that G2 may retain a record of your request to delete your personal information. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, including for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising. To opt out of cross-context behavioral advertising, please activate the "Do Not Sell" option in your cookie preferences . To opt out of other kinds of sale or sharing, please visit our opt-out form . As of July 2023, G2 does not sell, share, or otherwise make available for commercial purposes the personal data of 10 million or more California consumers. G2 also responds to enabled Global Privacy Control ("GPC") browser settings. By enabling the GPC in a supported browser, your activity on that browser will be automatically opted out of the sale and sharing of your personal information through cookies. Notice of Financial Incentive: G2 may offer you a gift card in exchange for a review (an "incentivized review"). We collect the same categories of personal information disclosed in Section 2 for incentivized and unincentivized reviews, and your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy in the same way. Completing an incentivized review is optional. Please note that reviews must meet our Community Guidelines to qualify for a financial incentive. Shine The Light. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. The California Shine the Light law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at privacy [at] g2.com, and include “CA Shine the Light” in the subject line of your email. Nevada Privacy Rights Under Nevada law (SB 220), Nevada residents are permitted to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. The term "sale" as used in the foregoing sentence means the transfer of your personal information to third parties for monetary consideration so the third parties can then re-sell or license the sold personal information. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with Nevada law, or opt out of the sale of your personal information, please contact us at privacy [at] g2.com. Virginia Privacy Rights If you are a resident of Virginia, this section provides information about your privacy rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"). Subject to certain limitations, the VCDPA affords you the following rights: To confirm whether we are processing your personal information, and to access that personal information;To receive your personal information in a portable and readily usable format;To correct inaccuracies in your personal information;To delete your personal information;To opt out of the processing of your personal information for targeted advertising, sale to third parties, or profiling where there is a legal or similarly significant effect on you. You may exercise the rights to access, correct, delete or opt out of sale by visiting our self-service privacy rights form. To opt out of targeted advertising, please adjust your cookie preferences . You can also email privacy [at] g2.com for assistance with exercising your rights. If G2 declines your request for any reason, we will notify you. You can appeal this decision by contacting privacy [at] g2.com. Please note that G2 does not collect your sensitive personal information as defined by VCDPA. Colorado Privacy Rights If you are a resident of Colorado, this section provides information about your privacy rights under the Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA"). Subject to certain limitations, the CPA affords you the following rights: The right to opt out of targeted advertising, which you can do by adjusting your cookie preferences ;The right of access to the personal information we hold about you;The right to correction of any inaccurate data we hold about you;The right to deletion of your personal information;The right to opt out of the sale of your personal data; andThe right to data portability, that is to access your personal information in a commonly used electronic format. You may exercise these rights by visiting our self-service privacy rights form . You can also email privacy [at] g2.com for assistance with exercising your rights. If G2 declines your request for any reason, we will notify you. You can appeal this decision by contacting privacy [at] g2.com. Please note that G2 does not collect your sensitive personal information as defined by CPA.Connecticut Privacy Rights If you are a resident of Connecticut, this section provides information about your privacy rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act ("CTDPA"). Subject to certain limitations, the CTDPA affords you the following rights: To confirm whether we are processing your personal data, and to access said data;To correct inaccuracies in your personal data;To delete personal data that we collect from or obtain about you;To obtain a copy of your personal data in a portable and readily usable format; andTo opt out of the processing of personal data for targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling where an automated decision produces a significant effect on you. You may exercise the rights to access, correct, delete or opt out of sale by visiting our self-service privacy rights form. To opt out of targeted advertising, please adjust your cookie preferences . You can also email privacy [at] g2.com for assistance with exercising your rights. Please note that G2 does not engage in profiling or automated decision making in a way that could produce a legal or other significant effect to you. If G2 declines your request for any reason, we will notify you. You can appeal this decision by contacting privacy [at] g2.com. If you are unhappy with the outcome of your appeal, you have the right to file a complaint with the Office of the Attorney General of Connecticut. 6. Processing in the United States If you are accessing the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your personal information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection laws of the United States may not be equivalent or as comprehensive as the data protection laws as those in your country. Your personal information may be processed outside your jurisdiction, including in countries and jurisdictions that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your personal information outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent. We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy [at] g2.com. 7. Privacy Shield Framework Although the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks ("Privacy Shield") have been invalidated as a data transfer mechanism, G2.com, as well as its subsidiaries, complies with Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. G2 has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit the Privacy Shield website . In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, G2 commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact G2 at privacy [at] g2.com. G2 has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the BBB EU Privacy Shield, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit BBB EU Privacy Shield - For Consumers for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the BBB EU Privacy Shield are provided at no cost to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. Please refer to Privacy Shield Annex 1 for more information.With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, G2 is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. G2’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, G2 remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless G2 proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. 8. Security We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your personal information. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information that you do not publish on the Site, and they only may do so for permitted business functions. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized personnel have access to personal information that you have not published on the Site. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your personal information between your system and ours, and we, together with our partners, employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your non-public information. Please bear in mind that submission of information over the Internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via the Site while it is in transit over the Internet, and any such submission is at your own risk. 9. This Site is Not Intended for Children The Site is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to individuals under 18 years of age. No one under the age of 18 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect or share personal information from individuals under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on the Site or on or through any of its features, do not register on the Site, use any of the interactive or comment features of the Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. Should an individual whom we know to be under the age of 18 send personal information to us, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible. If you believe we might have this type of information, please contact us. 10. How Long We Keep Personal Information G2 retains your personal information for as long as necessary to provide our services or during the period in which we have an ongoing legitimate business interest, to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site or to comply with legal obligations. With respect to personal information that has been collected using cookies and similar tracing technologies, you can view retention periods in our Cookie Policy , as well as adjust and/or disable certain tracking. Information that you submit through your user profile is retained for the lifetime of your account with us. Please note that software product and service providers listed on the Site cannot remove their profile page, ratings, or reviews by closing their accounts. 11. Updates to Our Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is current as of the last updated date set forth above. G2 may, in its sole and absolute discretion, update this Privacy Policy from time to time. G2 will post its updated Privacy Policy to the Site. You acknowledge that your continued use of the Site and/or continued provision of personal information to G2 after we publish an updated Privacy Policy will be considered acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for any changes. You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. 12. Contact Us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or want to communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please contact us at privacy [at] g2.com. Or G2.com, Inc.Attn: Privacy Team100 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 600Chicago, IL 60606 USA Please provide your identification and contact details, including your email address used to register with the Site, and a complete explanation of your concern. For Buyers For Sellers Company ResourcesData Protection and Privacy Agreements and Terms Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services Data Protection and Privacy Policies Product Terms Free Trial and Beta Services Terms Privacy Notice Effective Date: July 28, 2023 Date Last Updated: December 30, 2022 For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click here . For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click here . Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“ Notice ”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data. This Notice only applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data). Zendesk is a Processor , not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does not apply to Zendesk products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles. Table of Contents: IntroductionPersonal Data We Collect and DiscloseHow We Process Personal DataSources of Personal DataCookies and Tracking TechnologiesSecurity and RetentionChildren’s PrivacyExternal LinksContact InformationSupplemental Terms for California ResidentsSupplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.Supplemental Information for Other RegionsEnglish Version ControlsZendesk, Inc. Affiliates 1. Introduction This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in Section 14 (“ Zendesk ,” “ us ,” “ we ,” or “ our” ). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our Main Services Agreement . If you are located in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“ U.K. ”), please refer to Section 11 of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data. When Does This Notice Apply? This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you: Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “ Digital Properties ”);Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; andInquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us. Changes : We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner. 2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.Identifiers , such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address). Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as security and platform vendorsWith third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processorsBusiness partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsorsProfessional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditorsEntities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assetsCompanies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in Section 5 , such as marketing and advertising partnersTo which you have consented to the disclosure Commercial information , including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information. Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as security and platform vendorsWith third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processorsProfessional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditorsEntities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets To which you have consented to the disclosure Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information , such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties. Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as security and platform vendorsCompanies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in Section 5 , such as marketing and advertising partners Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets Geolocation information , such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform).You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device. Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as security and platform vendors.Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in Section 5 , such as marketing and advertising partners Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information , such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs. Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as security and platform vendors.Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets Inferences as defined by California law , such as marketing you are likely to react positively to. Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as platform vendorsEntities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets Sensitive Personal Data , such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law). Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk GroupService providers, such as platform vendorsEntities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assetsTo which you have consented to the disclosure In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our Government Data Request Policy . We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted. 3.How We Process Personal Data We may process your personal data for the below purposes: To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you , including processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues. Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations For our own business purposes , including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses. Legitimate interests; Legal obligations For legal, safety, or security reasons , including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law. Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners , including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization. You may opt out of marketing communications here or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences here . Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see Section 5 below and our Cookie Notice . Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services , including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring. You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so. Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests Diversity, equity, and inclusion , such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law). Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests Corporate transactions , such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events. Legitimate interests; Legal obligations When you have voluntarily agreed to have your personal data processed. Consent Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request here . Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, including the onward transfer provisions, and Zendesk remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to damage. 4. Sources of Personal Data Information you provide to us directly , including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.Information collected from your employer , coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services. Information automatically collected , including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in Section 5 below and in our Cookie Notice . Information from public sources , including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media. Information from other third parties , including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button). We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above. 5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our Cookie Notice . Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time. 6. Security and Retention We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use. Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in Section 9 below. 7. Children’s Privacy Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in Section 9 below. 8. External Links When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices. 9. Contact Information If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at euprivacy@zendesk.com or privacy@zendesk.com , or at: Zendesk, Inc. Attn: Privacy Team 989 Market Street San Francisco, CA 94103, United States In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit here for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you. 10.Supplemental Terms for California Residents Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents. a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures: The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in Section 2 provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data. Identifiers , such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address). Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in Section 5 , such as marketing and advertising partners.Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners. Commercial information , including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information. Not applicable Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information , such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties. Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in Section 5 , such as marketing and advertising partners. Geolocation information , such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device. Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in Section 5 , such as marketing and advertising partners. Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information , such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs. Not applicable Inferences as defined by California law , such as marketing you are likely to positively react to. Not applicable Sensitive Personal Data , such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law). Not applicable Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information. Financial Incentives : We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at privacy@zendesk.com . If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate. b. Your Data Protection Rights: Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights. Right to Know. You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“ Categories Report ”).You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“ Specific Pieces Report ”). Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you. Right to Correct. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing. We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in Section 5 , we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data. California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our webform or by emailing us at privacy@zendesk.com . We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights. How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing: In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps: Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our webform ; andDisable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use. If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object. Verification: To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity. Authorized Agents: Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our webform and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. Timing: We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request. 11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable. Data Controller: The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise. a.Legal Basis for Processing: Please see Section 3 for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data. b. Your Data Protection Rights: Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data: Right to Access. You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing. Right to Data Portability. You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means. Right to Rectification. You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed. Right to Objection. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases. Right to Restrict Processing. You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases. Right to Erasure. You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases. Right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent. In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected. Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making. The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision. You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in Section 9 above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations. c. International Transfers of Personal Data: Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in Section 2 of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available here, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website here. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in Section 9 above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism. Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S.Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/ . The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). Data Protection Officer: The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States, euprivacy@zendesk.com . 12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions Australia: Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“ OAIC ”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website . Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly. Brazil: Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“ LGPD ”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice. Canada: Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“ PIPEDA ”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA. Japan: Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“ APPI ”). Nevada: We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq. New Zealand: Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“ NZ IPPs ”). Singapore: Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“ PDPA ”). United Kingdom: Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“ U.K. GDPR ”). 13. English Version Controls Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls. 14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; We Are Cloud SAS; Base sp. z o. o.(Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l. Champions of customer service Our Products Zendesk for serviceZendesk for salesSunshine PlatformMarketplaceProduct updates Top Features Ticketing systemMessaging & live chatHelp centerVoiceCommunity forumsReporting & analyticsAnswer BotCustomer service softwareTicketing system softwareLive chat softwareKnowledge baseForum softwareHelp desk softwareWorkforce management Resources SecurityProduct supportRequest a demoBlogTrainingPartnersWebinarsCustomer StoriesServices Company About usNewsroomInvestorsEventsCareersDiversity & InclusionAccessibility PlanSustainabilityContact usSitemapSystem statusZendesk FoundationLegal Favorite Things What is ZendeskZendesk for EnterpriseZendesk for Small BusinessZendesk for StartupsZendesk BenchmarkGartner CRM Magic QuadrantCustomer Experience TrendsWhat is CRM?CRM software guideJoin our research panel Enter the fold Subscribe to our newsletter. By checking this box, I agree to Zendesk contacting me with marketing-related communications about Zendesk products, services, and events. I understand I may unsubscribe at any time. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©Zendesk 2023 Privacy Preference Center Zendesk uses web cookies to collect information about you when you visit our Site. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. At Zendesk, we may use this information for purposes that include ensuring basic functionality of our Sites; remembering user preferences, including your cookie preferences; measuring the effectiveness of our Sites, marketing campaigns, and email communications; and personalizing online content. Please review the different category headings below to learn more and adjust the cookie settings on your current device. Please note that you will need to ensure that each web browser is adjusted to reflect your preferences if you use different computers or mobile devices. For more information about how Zendesk uses web cookies, please see our Cookie Notice . Manage Consent Preferences Essential Cookies Essential cookies enable core site functionality. These cookies are necessary for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You may set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but parts of the website may not function properly. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our Site. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies Analytics cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies, such as social media cookies, may be set through our Site by our advertising service providers, third-party advertisers, ad networks, or data exchange partners. These cookies may be used to show you relevant advertising on other third-party sites. Vendors List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguageSummary of our Privacy Policy It covers every Zoho website that links here, and all of the products and services contained on those websites. The detailed policy follows the same structure as this summary and constitutes the actual legal document. Our privacy commitment: Zoho has never sold your information to someone else for advertising, or made money by showing you other people's ads, and we never will. This has been our approach for almost 25 years, and we remain committed to it. This policy tells you what information we collect from you, what we do with it, who can access it, and what you can do about it. Last updated on: 5th June 2023. We only collect the information that we actually need. Some of that is information that you actively give us when you sign up for an account, register for an event, ask for customer support, or buy something from us. We store your name and contact information, but we don't store credit card numbers (except with your permission and in one of our secured payment gateways). When you visit one of our websites or use our software, we automatically log some basic information like how you got to the site, where you navigated within it, and what features and settings you use. We use this information to improve our websites and services and to drive new product development. Sometimes we receive information indirectly. If you ask about our products through one of our referral programs or reselling partners, or sign in to one of our products through an authentication service provider like LinkedIn or Google, they'll pass on your contact information to us. We'll use that information to complete the request that you made. If you engage with our brand on social media (for instance, liking, commenting, retweeting, mentioning, or following us), we'll have access to your interactions and profile information. We'll still have that information even if you later remove it from the social media site. What we do with your information We use your information to provide the services you've requested, create and maintain your accounts, and keep an eye out for unauthorized activity on your accounts. We also use it to communicate with you about the products you're currently using, your customer support requests, new products you may like, chances for you to give us feedback, and policy updates. We analyze the information we collect to understand user needs and to improve our websites and services. We're required to have a legal basis for collecting and processing your information. In most cases, we either have your consent or need the information to provide the service you've requested from us. When that's not the case, we must demonstrate that we have another legal basis, such as our legitimate business interests. You can decline certain kinds of information use either by not providing the information in the first place or by opting out later. You can also disable cookies to prevent your browser from giving us information, but if you do so, certain website features may not work properly. We completely disable non-essential and intrusive third-party cookies from all Zoho websites and products. We limit access to your personal information to our employees and contractors who have a legitimate need to use it. If we share your information with other parties (like developers, service providers, domain registrars, and reselling partners), they must have appropriate security measures and a valid reason for using your information, typically to serve you. The European Economic Area (EEA) provides certain rights to data subjects (including access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and the right to object and to complain). Zoho undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live. We keep your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your information, we will delete, anonymize, or isolate your information, whichever is appropriate. If you handle other people's data using Zoho apps, such as information about your customers or employees, you are entrusting that data to us for processing. If you use a Zoho mobile app and give the app access to your contacts and photo library, you are entrusting data to us. The data you entrust to us for processing is called service data. You own your service data. We protect it, limit access to it, and only process it according to your instructions. You may access it, share it through third-party integrations, and request that we export or delete it. We hold the data in your account as long as you choose to use Zoho Services. After you terminate your account, your data will be automatically deleted from our active database within 6 months and from our backups within 3 months after that.If you are in the European Economic Area and you believe that someone has entrusted your information to us for processing (for instance, your employer or a company whose services you use), you can request certain actions from us regarding your data. To exercise those data rights, please contact the person or company that entrusted the data to us and we will work with them on your request. There are some limitations to the privacy we can promise you. We will disclose personal information if it's necessary to comply with a legal obligation, prevent fraud, enforce an agreement, or protect our users' safety. We do not currently honor Do Not Track signals from internet browsers; when a universal standard for processing them emerges, we will follow it. Third-party websites and social media widgets have their own separate privacy policies. Always check the relevant privacy policy before sharing personal information with third parties. You can always contact us to: ask questions about our privacy practices, request a GDPR-compliant Data Processing Addendum, alert us if you believe we have collected personal data from a minor, or ask to have your personal information removed from our blogs or forums. You can also check our Security Policy and Privacy Policy We will contact you to let you know if we make any major changes to our privacy policy, or in the highly unlikely event that we ever decide to sell our business. Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy statement is made by the Zoho Group consisting of all the entities listed here (collectively, "Zoho", "we", "us" or "our"). Zoho’s Privacy Commitment Zoho has worried about customer and user privacy for almost 25 years, long before it became fashionable, politically correct, or legally binding to take such a position. We ask for only the least amount of information necessary, gathering only what we believe is essential for doing business, or for the specific transaction at hand. We let customers know the information we have on them and allow them to opt out of specific engagements. But, by far, our biggest commitment is that we do not make a single dollar from advertising revenue—never have, never will—even from the free editions of our products. This means we avoid the fundamental conflict of interest between gathering customer information and fueling advertising revenue, and the unavoidable compromises in customer privacy that it brings. The goal of this policy is to make explicit the information we gather, how we will use it, and how we will not. This policy is unfortunately longer than we would like, but we must unambiguously address all the relevant cases. We will try and keep the language simple and direct as much as possible. Scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all Zoho websites that link to it. It also applies to the products and services provided by Zoho through these websites, our mobile applications, and applications posted by Zoho on Zoho’s online marketplace and in other third-party online marketplaces. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our websites, products or services that have a separate privacy policy. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Part I – Information Zoho collects and controls This part deals with how Zoho collects and uses information about website visitors, potential customers, users of Zoho's products and services, and others who contact Zoho through forms or email addresses published on or linked to our websites. Part II – Information that Zoho processes on your behalf This part deals with how Zoho handles data that you entrust to Zoho when you use our products and services, or when you share any personal or confidential information with us while requesting customer support. Part III – General This part deals with topics that are relevant to both Parts I and II, and other general topics such as Zoho's security commitments and how we will inform you when we change this Privacy Policy. Part I – Information Zoho collects and controls What information Zoho collects We collect information about you only if we need the information for some legitimate purpose. Zoho will have information about you only if (a) you have provided the information yourself, (b) Zoho has automatically collected the information, or (c) Zoho has obtained the information from a third party. Below we describe the various scenarios that fall under each of those three categories and the information collected in each one. Information that you provide us i. Account signup : When you sign up for an account to access one or more of our services, we ask for information like your name, contact number, email address, company name and country to complete the account signup process. You'll also be required to choose a unique username and a password for accessing the created account.You may also provide us with more information such as your photo, time zone and language, but we don’t require that information to sign up for an account. After signing up, you will have the option of choosing a security question and an answer to the security question — if you provide these, they will be used only while resetting your password. ii. Event registrations and other form submissions: We record information that you submit when you (i) register for any event, including webinars or seminars, (ii) subscribe to our newsletter or any other mailing list, (iii) submit a form in order to download any product, whitepaper, or other materials, (iv) participate in contests or respond to surveys, or (v) submit a form to request customer support, get a quote or to contact Zoho for any other purpose. iii. Payment processing : When you buy something from us, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, and credit card information or other payment account information. When you submit your card information, we store the name and address of the cardholder, the expiry date and the last four digits of the credit card number. We do not store the actual credit card number. For quick processing of future payments, if you have given us your approval, we may store your credit card information or other payment information in an encrypted format in the secured servers of our Payment Gateway Service Providers. iv. Testimonials : When you authorize us to post testimonials about our products and services on websites, we may include your name and other personal information in the testimonial. You will be given an opportunity to review and approve the testimonial before we post it. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@zohocorp.com v. Interactions with Zoho : We may record, analyze and use your interactions with us, including email, telephone, and chat conversations with our sales and customer support professionals, for improving our interactions with you and other customers. Information that we collect automatically i. Information from browsers, devices and servers : When you visit our websites, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers make available, such as the internet protocol address, browser type, language preference, time zone, referring URL, date and time of access, operating system, mobile device manufacturer and mobile network information. We include these in our log files to understand more about visitors to our websites. ii. Information from cookies and tracking technologies : We use temporary and permanent cookies to identify users of our services and to enhance user experience. We embed unique identifiers in our downloadable products to track usage of the products. We also use cookies, beacons, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies to identify visitors, track website navigation, gather demographic information about visitors and users, understand email campaign effectiveness and for targeted visitor and user engagement by tracking your activities on our websites. We mostly use first-party cookies and do not use third-party cookies or other third-party tracking technologies on our websites for non-essential or intrusive tracking. You can learn more about the cookies used on our websites here . You can also learn more about Zoho's stance against non-essential and intrusive third-party cookies and tracking technology here . We also use first-party Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences to provide certain features. iii. Information from application logs and mobile analytics : We collect information about your use of our products, services and mobile applications from application logs and in-house usage analytics tools, and use it to understand how your use and needs can improve our products. This information includes clicks, scrolls, features accessed, access time and frequency, errors generated, performance data, storage utilized, user settings and configurations, and devices used to access and their locations. Information that we collect from third parties i. Signups using federated authentication service providers : You can log in to Zoho Services using supported federated authentication service providers such as LinkedIn, Microsoft and Google. These services will authenticate your identity and give you the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address. ii. Referrals : If someone has referred any of our products or services to you through any of our referral programs, that person may have provided us your name, email address and other personal information. You may contact us at privacy@zohocorp.com to request that we remove your information from our database.If you provide us information about another person, or if another person gives us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. iii. Information from our reselling partners and service providers : If you contact any of our reselling partners, or otherwise express interest in any of our products or services to them, the reselling partner may pass your name, email address, company name and other information to Zoho. If you register for or attend an event that is sponsored by Zoho, the event organizer may share your information with us. Zoho may also receive information about you from review sites if you comment on any review of our products and services, and from other third-party service providers that we engage for marketing our products and services. iv. Information from social media sites and other publicly available sources : When you provide feedback or reviews about our products, interact, or engage with us on marketplaces, review sites or social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram through posts, comments, questions and other interactions, we may collect such publicly available information, including profile information, to allow us to connect with you, improve our products, better understand user reactions and issues, or to reproduce and publish your feedback on our websites. We must tell you that once collected, this information may remain with us even if you delete it from these sites. Zoho may also add and update information about you, from other publicly available sources. Purposes for using information In addition to the purposes mentioned above, we may use your information for the following purposes: To communicate with you (such as through email) about products that you have downloaded and services that you have signed up for, changes to this Privacy Policy, changes to the Terms of Service, or important notices; To keep you posted on new products and services, upcoming events, offers, promotions and other information that we think will be of interest to you; To ask you to participate in surveys, or to solicit feedback on our products and services; To set up and maintain your account, and to do all other things required for providing our services, such as enabling collaboration, providing website and mail hosting, and backing up and restoring your data; To understand how users use our products and services, to monitor and prevent problems, and to improve our products and services; To provide customer support, and to analyze and improve our interactions with customers; To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, to report spam, and to protect the rights and interests of Zoho, Zoho’s users, third parties and the public; To update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you; To analyze trends, administer our websites, and track visitor navigations on our websites to understand what visitors are looking for and to better help them; To monitor and improve marketing campaigns and make suggestions relevant to the user. Legal bases for collecting and using information Legal processing bases applicable to Zoho : If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for information collection and use depends on the personal information concerned and the context in which we collect it. Most of our information collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) contractual necessity, (ii) one or more legitimate interests of Zoho or a third party that are not overridden by your data protection interests, or (iii) your consent. Sometimes, we may be legally required to collect your information, or may need your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Withdrawal of consent : Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Legitimate interests notice : Where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis and those legitimate interests are not specified above, we will clearly explain to you what those legitimate interests are at the time that we collect your information. Your choice in information use Opt out of non-essential electronic communications : You may opt out of receiving newsletters and other non-essential messages by using the ‘unsubscribe’ function included in all such messages. However, you will continue to receive essential notices and emails such as account notification emails (password change, renewal reminders, etc.), security incident alerts, security and privacy update notifications, and essential transactional and payment related emails. Disable cookies : You can disable browser cookies before visiting our websites.However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features of the websites properly. Optional information : You can choose not to provide optional profile information such as your photo. You can also delete or change your optional profile information. You can always choose not to fill in non-mandatory fields when you submit any form linked to our websites. Who we share your information with All Zoho group entities listed here have access to the information covered in Part I. We do not sell any personal information. We share your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy, and only with parties who adopt appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Employees and independent contractors : Employees and independent contractors of relevant Zoho group entities have access to the information covered in Part I on a need-to-know basis. We require all employees and independent contractors of Zoho group entities to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them. Third-party service providers : We may need to share your personal information and aggregated or de-identified information with third-party service providers that we engage, such as marketing and advertising partners, event organizers, web analytics providers and payment processors. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Domain registrars : When you register a domain through Zoho from domain name registrars, we share your name and contact information such as your physical address, email address and phone number with them as per the ICANN domain registration rules. Reselling partners : We may share your personal information with our authorized reselling partners in your region, solely for the purpose of contacting you about products that you have downloaded or services that you have signed up for. We will give you an option to opt out of continuing to work with that partner. Marketplace application developers : When you install or purchase any application developed using Zoho's APIs that is posted on Zoho’s online marketplace, your name and email address will be shared with the developer of the application, so they may engage with you directly as the provider of that application or service. Zoho does not control the use of your personal information by the developers, which will be based on their own privacy policies. Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share the same information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III. Your rights with respect to information we hold about you as a controller If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following rights with respect to information that Zoho holds about you. Zoho undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live. Right to access : You have the right to access (and obtain a copy of, if required) the categories of personal information that we hold about you, including the information's source, purpose and period of processing, and the persons to whom the information is shared. Right to rectification : You have the right to update the information we hold about you or to rectify any inaccuracies. Based on the purpose for which we use your information, you can instruct us to add supplemental information about you in our database. Right to erasure : You have the right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances, such as when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected. Right to restriction of processing : You may also have the right to request to restrict the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as when you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Right to data portability : You have the right to transfer your information to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, in circumstances where the information is processed with your consent or by automated means. Right to object : You have the right to object to the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as the use of your personal information for direct marketing. Right to complain : You have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory authority if you have any grievance against the way we collect, use or share your information. This right may not be available to you if there is no supervisory authority dealing with data protection in your country. Retention of information We retain your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.Sometimes, we may retain your information for longer periods as permitted or required by law, such as to maintain suppression lists, prevent abuse, if required in connection with a legal claim or proceeding, to enforce our agreements, for tax, accounting, or to comply with other legal obligations. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your information, we will delete or anonymize your information from our active databases. We will also securely store the information and isolate it from further processing on backup discs until deletion is possible. Part II – Information that Zoho processes on your behalf Information entrusted to Zoho and purpose Information provided in connection with services : You may entrust information that you or your organization (“you”) control, to Zoho in connection with use of our services or for requesting technical support for our products. This includes information regarding your customers and your employees (if you are a controller) or data that you hold and use on behalf of another person for a specific purpose, such as a customer to whom you provide services (if you are a processor). The data may either be stored on our servers when you use our services, or transferred or shared to us as part of a request for technical support or other services. Information from mobile devices : When you elect to allow it, some of our mobile applications have access to the camera, microphone, call history, contact information, photo library, files and other information stored on your mobile device. Our applications require such access to provide their services. Similarly, when you elect to provide access, location-based information is also collected for purposes including, but not limited to, locating nearby contacts or setting location-based reminders. This information will be exclusively shared with our mapping providers and will be used only for mapping user locations. You may disable the mobile applications' access to this information at any time by editing the settings on your mobile device. The data stored on your mobile device and their location information to which the mobile applications have access will be used in the context of the mobile application, and transferred to and associated with your account in the corresponding services (in which case the data will be stored on our servers) or products (in which case the data will remain with you unless you share it with us). (All the information entrusted to Zoho is collectively termed “service data”) Ownership and control of your service data We recognize that you own your service data. We provide you complete control of your service data by providing you the ability to (i) access your service data, (ii) share your service data through supported third-party integrations, and (iii) request export or deletion of your service data. How we use service data We process your service data when you provide us instructions through the various modules of our services. For example, when you generate an invoice using our invoicing service, information such as the name and address of your customer will be used to generate the invoice; and when you use our campaign management service for email marketing, the email addresses of the persons on your mailing list will be used for sending the emails. Push notifications If you have enabled notification on our desktop and mobile applications, we will push notifications through a push notification provider such as Apple Push Notification Service, Google Cloud Messaging or Windows Push Notification Services. You can manage your push notification preferences or deactivate these notifications by turning off notifications in the application or device settings. Who we share service data with Zoho group and third party sub-processors : In order to provide services and technical support for our products, the contracting entity within the Zoho group engages other group entities and third parties . Employees and independent contractors : We may provide access to your service data to our employees and individuals who are independent contractors of the Zoho group entities involved in providing the services (collectively our “employees”) so that they can (i) identify, analyze and resolve errors, (ii) manually verify emails reported as spam to improve spam detection, or (iii) manually verify scanned images that you submit to us to verify the accuracy of optical character recognition. We ensure that access by our employees to your service data is restricted to specific individuals, and is logged and audited. Our employees will also have access to data that you knowingly share with us for technical support or to import data into our products or services. We communicate our privacy and security guidelines to our employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the Zoho group.Collaborators and other users : Some of our products or services allow you to collaborate with other users or third parties. Initiating collaboration may enable other collaborators to view some or all of your profile information. For example, when you edit a document that you have shared with other persons for collaboration, your name and profile picture will be displayed next to your edits to allow your collaborators to know that you made those edits. Third-party integrations you have enabled : Most of our products and services support integrations with third-party products and services . If you choose to enable any third-party integrations, you may be allowing the third party to access your service data and personal information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of the third-party services and products before you enable integrations with them. Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share information that are common to information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III. Retention of information We hold the data in your account as long as you choose to use Zoho Services. Once you terminate your Zoho user account, your data will eventually get deleted from active database during the next clean-up that occurs once in 6 months. The data deleted from active database will be deleted from backups after 3 months. Data subject requests If you are from the European Economic Area and you believe that we store, use or process your information on behalf of one of our customers, please contact the customer if you would like to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to processing, or export your personal data. We will extend our support to our customer in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Part III – General Children’s personal information Our products and services are not directed to individuals under 16. Zoho does not knowingly collect personal information from children who are under 16 years of age for its own purposes. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you believe that a child under 16 years has provided personal information to us, please write to privacy@zohocorp.com with the details, and we will take the necessary steps to delete the information we hold about that child. However, using our products, you can collect information about individuals who may be children. If you process information relating to children, you acknowledge and agree that you will be responsible for complying with the applicable laws and regulations related to protection of such personal information. How secure is your information At Zoho, we take data security very seriously. That's why we have gotten certified for industry standards mentioned here . We have taken steps to implement appropriate administrative, technical & physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or destruction of the information you entrust to us. If you have any concerns regarding the security of your data, we encourage you to check our Security Policy or write to us at security@zohocorp.com with any questions. Data Protection Officer We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our management of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices with respect to your personal information, you can reach out to our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to dpo@zohocorp.com or by writing to: Data Protection Officer, Zoho Corporation BV, Beneluxlaan 4B, 3527 HT Utrecht, The Netherlands. Locations and international transfers We share your personal information and service data within the Zoho Group and with third parties engaged by Zoho Group for the purposes described above. By accessing or using our products and services or otherwise providing personal information or service data to us, you understand that the processing, transfer, and storage of your personal information or Service Data within the United States of America, the European Economic Area (EEA) and other countries where Zoho operates. Such transfers are subject to appropriate data protection agreements such as a group company agreement that is based on EU Commission’s Model Contractual Clauses for data processing activities to which GDPR applies. You can write to legal@zohocorp.com for obtaining a copy of the agreements on the basis of which we transfer your data within Zoho Group and with the third parties engaged by us. Data processing addendum To enable you to be compliant with your data protection obligations , we are prepared to sign an appropriate Data Processing Addendum (DPA). You can request a DPA from Zoho by completing this form . Once we get your request, we'll forward the DPA to you for your signature.Automation and Artificial Intelligence In order to provide enhanced productivity and predictive capabilities to our users, we employ a variety of technologies such as regex parsing, template matching, artificial intelligence and machine learning. In keeping with Zoho's promise not to exploit your data in a way that is not respectful of your privacy and confidentiality expectations, we make only the following limited use of service data for these technologies: (i) using anonymized crops of service data to improve accuracy of the algorithms; and (ii) using your organization's data for developing models specific for your organization. Our automation and artificial intelligence technologies are mostly powered by our own organization's data such as internal communications, communications with customers and internal documents as well as free and paid external sources. Do Not Track (DNT) requests Some internet browsers have enabled 'Do Not Track' (DNT) features, which send out a signal (called the DNT signal) to the websites that you visit indicating that you don't wish to be tracked. Currently, there is no standard that governs what websites can or should do when they receive these signals. For now, we do not take action in response to these signals. External links on our websites Some pages of our websites may contain links to websites that are not linked to this Privacy Policy. If you submit your personal information to any of these third-party sites, your personal information is governed by their privacy policies. As a safety measure, we recommend that you not share any personal information with these third parties unless you've checked their privacy policies and assured yourself of their privacy practices. Blogs and forums We offer publicly accessible blogs and forums on our websites. Please be aware that any information you provide on these blogs and forums may be used to contact you with unsolicited messages. We urge you to be cautious in disclosing personal information in our blogs and forums. Zoho is not responsible for the personal information you elect to disclose publicly. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account with Zoho. To request the removal of your information from our blogs and forums, you can contact us at privacy@zohocorp.com Social media widgets Our websites include social media widgets such as Facebook "like" buttons and Twitter "tweet" buttons that let you share articles and other information. These widgets may collect information such as your IP address and the pages you navigate in the website, and may set a cookie to enable the widgets to function properly. Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them. Disclosures in compliance with legal obligations We may be required by law to preserve or disclose your personal information and service data to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements. Enforcement of our rights We may disclose personal information and service data to a third party if we believe that such disclosure is necessary for preventing fraud, spam filtering, investigating any suspected illegal activity, enforcing our agreements or policies, or protecting the safety of our users. Business Transfers We do not intend to sell our business. However, in the unlikely event that we sell our business or get acquired or merged, we will ensure that the acquiring entity is legally bound to honor our commitments to you. We will notify you via email or through a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or in the uses of your personal information and service data. We will also notify you about any choices you may have regarding your personal information and service data. Compliance with this Privacy Policy We make every effort, including periodic reviews, to ensure that personal information you provide is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about our adherence to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used, kindly write to us privacy@zohocorp.com We'll contact you, and if required, coordinate with the appropriate regulatory authorities to effectively address your concerns. Notification of changes We may modify the Privacy Policy at any time, upon notifying you through a service announcement or by sending an email to your primary email address. If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy that affect your rights, you will be provided with at least 30 days' advance notice of the changes by email to your primary email address. However, if you have not verified your email address, you may miss important notifications that we send through email.If you think that the updated Privacy Policy affects your rights with respect to your use of our products or services, you may terminate your use by sending us an email within 30 days. Your continued use after the effective date of changes to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the modified Privacy Policy. You will not receive email notification of minor changes to the Privacy Policy. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check back at https://www.zoho.com/privacy.html periodically. Apps Partners Resources About Contact - India Select DC English © 2023, Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Sign Up for Free Access Zoho home Influence /privacy/double-dipping.html, /privacy/no-adjunct-surveillance.html, /privacy/no-ad-based-business-model.html home/product-menu/privacy.html Apps Partners Resources About Contact - India How may I help you today?Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: