Privacy Policy Privacy Policy 2019-07-23T09:48:16+01:00 Privacy Policy DOTSCREEN operates the https://dotscreen.com website, which provides the associated website and other pages, henceforth known as the “Service”. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal DataData that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect my be used to contact or identify you. This information is gathered in compliance with relevant laws and strictures in jurisdictions in which DOTSCREEN operates. Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information, and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies, and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform our Service users that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. These third-parties are assigned to perform tasks on behalf of the Service owner, and they are obligated to only use the information for the originally intended purpose. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting that data. Links to Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us, and we bear no liability for your use of those sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately remove such information from our servers. If you are a parent, or guardian, and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take any necessary action as required by the controlling jurisdiction. Erasure of personal data You have the right to request a list of what data is collected about you. You also have the right to request your personal data that we are processing to be erased from our systems, if there’s good reason to do so according to Article 17 of the EU General Data Privacy Regulation. For any inquiries about personal data, contact contact@dotscreen.com Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted to this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at contact@dotscreen.com Latest news Get In Touch Find Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email This website uses cookies and third party services. Aller en haut