百度DAP Help Yes, even if you have already accessed other advertising platforms, you still can receive ads provided by the DU Developer Platform and get paid. Currently, the platform recommends the use of Chrome, IE9+, or Firefox. First, sign up as a platform user. Second, fill in your basic information and financial information. Third, in My APPs, ad an APP and create a placement. Then, embed SDK. Fourth, accept and display ads provided by the platform to get paid. Click Log in on the DU Developer Platform's official website and select Forgot Password. Follow the prompts from the platform to retrieve your password. Yes. After logging in with your original password, go to the My Account > Change Password page. Here, you can change your password The platform may need your help to develop better platform features so as to provide better services to you. The platform will not disclose your personal information. Entering correct and complete financial information allows you to make withdrawals. The platform will not disclose your personal information. Some email servers may classify our emails as spam or junk mail. You can check if this happened. Step 1: Fill in basic app information. Step 2: Create a Placement_ID. Step 3: Submit market address and wait for audit. Step 4: Download SDK and integrate it into the APK. After audit, you can earn profits by displaying ads. App IDs and placement IDs are automatically configured by the platform. They are unique identifiers used to identify apps and ad placements. The platform uses them to compile statistics of and separate the revenue and specific operation data for different apps and placements. You can download various types of SDKs in the SDK download menu on the DU Ad Platform's official site. For details, please refer to: SDK instructions for use When your app successfully embeds SDK, it can receive test ads. Test ads do not generate any revenue. After your app has been approved, it will receive official ads, which generate revenue. Fill means to send ad request to the server and save the ad to device memory. Load means to get the ad from device memory. If there is no ad in device memory, it will send an ad request to server again. We recommend that you use Load 3-4 seconds after using Fill. It will help to improve the impression speed. No. DAP will check whether your package name, app license and pid are the same as those registered on DAP. Please check the below issues: A. The package name, app license and DAP placement ID (pid) must be the same as those registered on DAP. B. The network condition is good enough for testing. C. Your app/placement status on DAP is ‘Publishing’. D. The test device in China must be connected to a VPN. It is not mandatory to have a Facebook placement ID. Without a Facebook ID, you can only apply for a DAP placement ID for monetization. With a Facebook placement ID, DAP can help developers to dynamically rank multiple ad channels with our “peak selection algorithm” to maximum monetization revenue. Please make sure your test device has a VPN connected and make sure the Facebook app has been installed and is logged in on your test device. After you paused your DAP placement, the ad source from DU will be closed. If you fill in a Facebook placement ID in the DU SDK, you can still receive ads from Facebook. The Facebook placement can be closed on https://developers.facebook.com/ . By primarily using the ad monetization model, the DU Ad Platform strives to provide benefits to both developers and users. To ensure that your product provides an optimal user experience, please be sure to comply with the policies below. 1.Ads To access our services, apps shall not include deceptive or disruptive ads. Ads served in your app shall be viewed as part of the app itself, and shall comply with all our policies. We shall regularly review the ads served in your app. If we find that your app is not in compliance with our policies, we shall no longer serve ads to it. 2.Deceptive Ads Any ad shall not simulate or impersonate any app interface or operating system notification/warning message. It shall be clear to users which app is serving each and every ad. Examples of common violations: Ads that simulate app interfaces: These ads use similar icons to those in the apps they are served in, but when users click them, they are redirected to an external landing page. The icon shown in the image above will take users to an external ad. Ads that simulate system notifications: These ads are displayed to users in the form of system notifications. This image shows an ad that looks like a system notification. 3.Disruptive Ads Ads shall be displayed in a way that they prevent users from clicking on them accidentally. Users shall not be forced to click on an ad or required to submit their personal information for advertising purposes in order to fully use the app. Interstitial ads shall only be displayed in an app that serves such ads.If your app displays interstitial ads or other ads that disrupt normal use of the app, you shall allow users to easily close the ads without incurring any loss therefrom. Examples of common violations: Ads that take up the entire screen or disrupt users' normal use of the app, without providing a clear way to close the ads: The ad shown in this image does not display a close button. 4.Ads that Interfere with Other Apps, Third-party Ads, or Device Functions Ads displayed in your app shall not interfere with other apps, ads, or device operations (including system or device buttons and ports). These ads include overlay ads, supporting functions or component-based ad units, and shall only be displayed within the app they belong to. Examples of common violations: Ads displayed outside of the app: The ad in this image suddenly appears on the device home screen when a user switches from the app to the home screen. 5.Compliance The DU Ad Platform guarantees that ads served on it shall comply with the Google Play ad policy on ad quality. Likewise, developers shall have the responsibility to understand and comply with all applicable laws and specifications. In case of violations thereof on the part of developers in any way, they shall be solely responsible for any consequences caused thereby. 6.Must-have elements for Ad placement icon, title, description, CTA button 1) APPs that crash during use will be rejected 2) APPs with deceptive or false functions and those without clear descriptions will be rejected 3) APPs that were created in large numbers from a template will be rejected. Also, developers that upload a large number of similar APPs to the platform may have their accounts temporarily suspended 4) APPs in which the ad slot cannot be seen in the visible interface will be rejected 5) APPs in which the App ID and placement ID are not seen will be rejected 6) APPs with non-matching App IDs and placement IDs will be rejected 7) APPs where the ad slot is blocked, resulting in an incomplete display or inducing ad clicks will be rejected 8) APPs where the code was not embedded or resources not imported according to the instructions in the SDK documentation will be rejected 9) APPs that violate basic constitutional principles, endanger national security, disclose state secrets, subvert the government, racially discriminate, or undermine national unity will be rejected 10) APPs that spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism, abet the commission of a crime, or contain other undesirable content will be rejected 11) APPs in which any materials used in the interface, including program icons, interface icons, and interface UI elements, are used without obtaining the necessary authorization will be rejected during review or after approval when challenged by the copyright holder 12) APPs that use special technical means to decompile, crack, reverse engineer others' programs and that have an embedded ad slot will be rejected during review or after approval when challenged by the copyright holder 13) APPs that use sample code from mobile app development tutorials available on the common market for embedded ad slots will be rejected 14) Applications with inauthentic users or traffic that seek to obtain benefits through improper means shall be rejected 15) An application’s inability to pass the review may be due to situations including but not limited to the above. Applications involving copyright ownership may be rejected at the time of review. The platform will regularly review applications and, if a violation is discovered, issue a warning or take the application offline The review period is from Monday to Friday every week. Each weekday, processing for APPs submitted that day will begin at 6: 00pm (Chinese time). Apps submitted after 6: 00pm will be reviewed on the next business day. In some special cases, emergency review may be performed. In this case, please contact customer service or email dussp@baidu.com . You can view an APP's review status at any time through the APP list in My APPs. The ratio of impressions and requests on DAP will not affect your revenue. This is because multiple ads are returned by one request and there is caching logic in DU SDK. Due to time differences, DAP will refresh the data every 2, 4, 24, and 48 hours. This might be caused by incorrect integration. Please follow the guidance of our manual and demo to see if there is any process you missed. Please pay particular attention to the For CPA offers, if users don’t install and active the ad app, there will be no revenue. When you submit an APP and it is approved by the platform, you can get paid through this ad. The system uses the App ID and placement ID registered when you embedded SDK to identify your APP and ensure your interest is not stolen. You can view the operation data and revenue for your APPs through the Homepage or My Data page on the platform.On the fifth of each month, the revenue earned from the 1st to 31st of last month will be settled (if the 1st is a holiday, the date is pushed back). For withdrawal amounts greater than $100, you can request a withdrawal by clicking the Withdraw button on the Homepage or Financial Records. After the 11st of each month, withdrawal requests from the 11st of last month to 10th of this month will be collectively processed. The money will be transferred before the end of the month（in case of holiday）. We recommend you to submit withdrawal request between 6th and 10th, so you can receive payment much soon. the revenue can be only settled in dollar currently The bank account can not be opened by banks of mainland China, and must support receiving dollar remittance. Developers shall be liable for making payment of any and all applicable taxes, including but not limited to withholding tax, value added tax, sales taxes, duties, fees, levies or surcharges (including where applicable any universal service fund or similar surcharges) imposed by, or pursuant to the laws, statutes or regulations of any government agency or authority. DAP User Manual Size:2.3MB Reporting API Access Guide Size:102KB ADX Integration Document Size：146KB ADX Reporting API Size：59K Baidu Statement of Privacy Protection Baidu attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. Before using the services provided by Baidu, please carefully read the following statements. Baidu will only collect and use your personal information in order to provide you with more accurate and well-targeted services. Baidu will treat such information with a high level of diligence. You agree and understand that Baidu may use the personal information submitted by you in the following manners. Without your permission, Baidu will not disclose such information or provide such information to any third party. Collection of User Information Baidu will collect your personal information when you voluntarily select our services or provide such information. Baidu will integrate your personal information so as to provide better services. Baidu will not be responsible to you or any party if any personal information provided by you is inaccurate, untruthful, or outdated. Baidu will not retain your personal data for longer than is necessary to provide products and services requested by the User. Use of Cookies and Other Technologies Baidu uses cookies to customize services for each individual user. However, you may choose to accept or reject cookies. Through cookies, Baidu can provide each user with more relevant and personalized services. At the same time, when you visit Baidu through any of its products, we permit transmission of cookies within the Baidu domain to Baidu’s Web server. Any contents collected through cookies will be dealt with in a collective, anonymous manner. Baidu uses cookies to customize services for each individual user. However, you may choose to accept or reject cookies. Through cookies, Baidu can provide each user with more relevant and personalized services. At the same time, when you visit Baidu through any of its products, we permit transmission of cookies within the Baidu domain to Baidu’s Web server. Any contents collected through cookies will be dealt with in a collective, anonymous manner. You can prevent the application of cookies by changing your browser settings, but as a result, you may be unable to access certain Baidu services and functions which rely on the transmission of cookies. Maintain Use Records When you use Baidu’s services, the server will automatically record certain information, including URL, IP address, type of browser, language used, and the date and time of visit, etc., with the sole purpose being to provide you with better services. We will seek your consent before using your personal information for a purpose other than those included in this Statement of Privacy. In the following circumstances, Baidu will disclose your personal information as you wish or in accordance with the law. You will be responsible for any consequences arising thereof: Your prior authorization is obtained;The products and the services you request can only be provided after disclosure of your personal data;As per the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations;As per the requirements of the competent government authority;To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Baidu;You agree to share the data with third parties;We discover that you have violated or are violating Baidu’s terms and conditions or rules of use of any other products or services; or We need to provide the companies providing products or service on our behalf with your personal data (unless we notify you, such companies shall have no right to use or process your personal data). Baidu will take all appropriate measures to prevent the illegal or unlawful disclosure, modification or destruction of user’s information.Transfer of Personal Data Please be informed that your personal data may be transferred to locations outside of the territory where you are accessing Baidu’s services or disclosed to our related corporations, licensees, business partners and/or service providers for the purposes described above. Security We encrypt our services and data transmission using SSL. We strive at all times to ensure that your personal data will be protected against unauthorized or accidental access, processing, correction or deletion. We implement appropriate security measures to safeguard and secure your personal data. Privacy Policy Amendment Baidu may amend its privacy policy from time to time. If the privacy policy is amended, we will immediately post the relevant rules in a prominent place on our web page. Questions and Suggestions If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us: Baidu CampusNo. 10, Shangdi 10th Street,Haidian District,Beijing 100085,People's Republic of China Attn: Legal Department Ads Personalisation You have chosen to disable the current browser cookie, but you can also opt back in at any time. If you choose to re-enable, we will recommend information that is more relevant or more interesting to you based on your preference information when you visit the Baidu website. To make the ads you see more useful to you when using Baidu services and non-Baidu websites and apps partner with Baidu to show ads, Baidu will collect your preference information through cookie( not involve any information on your personal information). If you don’t want Baidu to use the recored preference information to recommend personalized promotion information to you, you can use the button above to choose to disable. After deactivation, Baidu will no longer recommend personalized promotion information to you based on your preference information. The personalization configuration tool only applies to the current browser on the computer you are currently using. And, when you delete the cookie of the current browser, the system will automatically reset your browser’s personalized configuration settings. Copyright DU Ad Platform © 2020.All Rights ReservedPrivacy Notice Welcome to DU Ad Platform, a global mobile advertising platform based on the world's top mobile app matrix providing advertising to you in the mobile applications (“apps”) of our customers who own apps and connecting you if desired with advertisers’ websites (together, the “Service”). This Service is owned by Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited (“Baidu”). Table of Contents 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE In general. We collect personal information from you in order to provide you with advertising technology services that allow app owners to show advertisements (“ads”) in their apps, and advertisers to reach audiences that may be interested in their products or services via ads. We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information, namely for direct marketing purposes, which is the core activity of the DU Ad Platform. Please be reassured that we only process your personal information for the goals set out cristal clear in this Privacy Notice. The categories of information we collect include the categories of personal information as explained under ‘further information’. Further information 1.1. Information generated when you visit an app displaying the Service Collection: When you visit an app of an app owner displaying the Service, we automatically collect personal information from you. The information collected via the Service available on our customer’s app may concern information about device identifiers such as iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android ID, and Google AD ID. Besides information about your device is collected, such as the type and model, resolution, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS or Android), operating system version, operating system language, carrier name and screen size. Further, information about your app usage is collected including the application package name and its version on your device that is requesting an ad, and app signature (md5), and your network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular). Finally, information is collected about the ads served to and viewed by you such as the type of ad. The primary reason for which we collect the abovementioned information, is to enable our customers to display advertising: we create the opportunity for app owners to offer the Service as an advertising inventory in their apps, and we enable advertisers to bid on and fill the inventories of app owners with ads.Besides, the information enables us to perform ad reporting and conversions: it enables us to report to advertisers information about when and how you have been exposed to their ads or clicked on their ads, and it enables us to report to app owners information about when and how ads were shown on their properties and were clicked on. Further, the information allows us to perform ‘frequency capping’: We prevent you from seeing the same ad or type of ad too many times.Also, we detect and prevent fraud with the information: we identify invalid clicks (or ad queries) which enables us to protect the Service and our customers who are app owners from fraudulent behavior.Finally, the information allows us to provide and operate our Service in general, by allowing us to perform the following actions: audits, research, and analyses of data in order to maintain, protect, and improve our Service, and to ensure that our technologies function properly. 1.2. Information generated when actively interacting with the Service Collection: When clicking on the ads displayed by Baidu in our customers’ apps, Baidu may collect the information described under 1.1, and also information regarding which ads are clicked on, including whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app. Aim: The aims for the collection of this additional information are the following: First, the information enables us to perform ad reporting and conversions: it enables us to report to advertisers information about when and how you have been exposed to their ads or clicked on their ads, and it enables us to report to app owners information about when and how ads were shown on their properties and were clicked on.Also, we detect and prevent fraud with the information: we identify invalid clicks (or ad queries) which enables us to protect the Service and our customers who are app owners from fraudulent behavior. Finally, the information allows us to provide and operate our Service in general, by allowing us to perform the following actions: audits, research, and analyses of data in order to maintain, protect, and improve our Service, and to ensure that our technologies function properly. 2. SHARING INFORMATION We may share your personal information with any organisation part of the Baidu group (at present or in the future), or with third parties to comply with legislation, to carry out a contract with the user or to defend Baidu against any type of harm. Please find an elaborate explanation under ‘further information’.We transfer your personal information outside of the European Union, in order to be able to provide our users with the Service. The personal information may be transferred to countries which provide an adequate level of protection or, where this is not the case, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. Please refer to section 8 in order to obtain a copy of these safeguards. For more information on your choices regarding your information, see section 4 “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below. Further information We may share your personal information with: a. The Baidu group . This includes other brands owned or controlled by Baidu and other companies owned by or under common ownership as popIn, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice;b. Future parties to the Baidu group . Other parties in connection with any Baidu transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and c. Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Baidu, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues. 3. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION 3.1. Data Retention Unless stated otherwise in section 1 for a specific category of personal information, we will retain your information for thirty days after your use of the Service for the purpose of further improving our technology and Service, after which the personal information will be deleted or anonymised. 3.2. Your rights In as far as imposed by applicable laws, you have the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of or restriction of processing of your personal information. Besides, you are entitled to object to the processing of your personal information and you may be entitled to request data portability. Please contact us at duadplatform@gmail.com if you wish to exercise your rights. Also, you can reset your advertising id with the following steps: Step 1: Go to Settings > Google > Ads.Step 2: Tap on "reset advertising ID" on the new page. The page lists the current advertising ID on the same page.Step 3: Confirm the reset when the confirmation prompt is displayed. Once you reset the advertising ID, a new ID is displayed immediately on the same page.Step 1: Go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising.Step 2: Tap on "Reset Advertising Identifier" on the new page. Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with third parties. You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding the processing performed by Baidu with a supervisory authority. 4. SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION Baidu cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. 5. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES The Service operates on third party websites and may contain links to third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, social media sites, and our customers may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, or browse on our customers’ websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy notices and policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites. 6. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Notice, we will change the "Last Revision" date below and will post the updated Privacy Notice on this page. However, in case the modifications are significant, we will provide you with a more prominent notice.Continuing to use our Service after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you have consulted and understood the changes, unless if the modification would reduce your rights. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice without asking for your consent. 7. CONTACTING US If you have questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at duadplatform@gmail.com . 8. LAST REVISION DATE This Privacy Notice was last revised on, and effective as of, May 25, 2018. Copyright DU Ad Platform © 2020.All Rights ReservedDU Ad Platform Registration Agreement 1. General Rules 1.1 DAPP's DU Ad Platform (hereinafter referred to as the "DU Ad platform")is focused on online advertisement services ("Service"). A one-stop service platform for Developers ("Developers"), aims to create an open, co-operative, win-win concept together with Developers and Advertisers to build a healthy ecosystem. The DU Ad Platform provides relevant technical service among Advertiser, DU Ad Platform and Developers who through registration to obtain Service. Developers can create, develop, research and upload Apps by accepting this DU Ad Platform Registration Agreement ("Agreement"). 1.2 Developers should agree to the terms of this Agreement according to prompts on the page to complete the registration procedure. By clicking "agree", the Developer agrees with DAPP Global Limited 's ("DAPP"), terms under this Agreement. DAPP and the Developer shall hereinafter be referred to as "Parties". 1.3 After successful registration, DAPP will give the Developer an account and password. The Developer is responsible for the custody of the account and password. The Developer is liable for all activities and events that the Developer conducts under its account and password on the DU Ad Platform. 1.4 When the Developer uses the DU Ad Platform, the Developer is deemed to agree to this Agreement, the terms of service and various bulletin issued by DAPP in respect of the DU Ad Platform and the services available thereunder. 1.5 This Agreement and any other terms of services and various bulletin issued by DAPP in respect of the DU Ad Platform can be updated by DAPP at any time without prior notice to the Developer. 1.6 The Developer will also be required to agree to the DU Ad Platform Service Agreement for use of services on the DU Ad Platform. The Developer who uses such services should pay close attention and comply with the relevant provisions of the DU Ad Platform Service Agreement. Before using the services, the Developer should read and pay full attention to the relevant DU Ad Platform Service Agreement. If the Developer disagrees with the relevant DU Ad Platform Service Agreement or any changes made thereto (which shall be at the discretion of DAPP and shall not require any prior notice to the Developer), the Developer should apply for withdrawal from all the DU Ad Platform related services, however, if the Developer uses or continues to use the DU Ad Platform services, it shall be deemed as consent by the Developer to the contents of the relevant DU Ad Platform Service Agreement, including any modiﬁcation(s) to the DU Ad Platform Service Agreement at any time. 2. Registration Information and Privacy 2.1 The Developer's account (including the login ID and the password and other information related to the Developer) is owned by DAPP. After the Developer completes the registration formalities, the Developer will receive an e-mail sent by DAPP. The Developer should provide timely, accurate and detailed personal information, and constantly update registration information, with timely, detailed and accurate requirements. All original information will be used for registration. If the registered information is false, DAPP shall not be held responsible or liable for any issues that may arise in this regard. 2.2 The Developer should not transfer or lend the account and password details to third parties. If the Developer ﬁnds out that the account was illegally used by a third party, the Developer shall immediately notify DAPP by sending an e-mail to duadplatform@gmail.com. DAPP does not take any responsibility of illegal use of the Developer's account on the DU Ad Platform by any third party due to hacking or negligent storage by the Developer. 2.3 DAPP does not share, disclose, make available or transfer Developers' registration information to any third party, unless:(i) DAPP has been authorized by the Developer to do so; (ii) such disclosure of personal information is required to obtain the products or services which the Developer has requested; (iii) such disclosure is in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations; (iv) such disclosure is required by any government department; (v) to safeguard the rights and interests of DAPP. 2.4 DAPP will receive the Developer's information when the Developer: (i) creates a DU Ad Platform account; (ii) uses products or services on the DU Ad Platform; (iii) participates in sales promotion and/or any event promoted by DAPP or any third party authorized by DAPP. Such data will be used to improve the product and services made available on the DU Ad Platform. 2.5 The Developer understands that if the Developer or the Developer's App collects, uses, shares or stores any data or personal information of the users, the Developer is required to implement and comply with applicable privacy and security standards and such standards should provide the same level of security as provided by DAPP's privacy policy.2.6 The Developer clearly understands that in order to protect the privacy of the users, the Developer is prohibited from sharing, disclosing or transferring, any data or personal information of the users available on the DU Ad Platform with any third party without prior consent of the users. 2.7 When requested by DAPP, the Developer should immediately provide speciﬁc information, in order to: (i) protect or maintain DAPP's, DU Ad Platform's or its employees', agents' and contractor's legal rights or property (including the execution of the agreement); (ii) protect DU Ad Platform user's safety or public safety including take corresponding measures in case of an emergency); (iii) prevent fraud or risk management; or (iv) comply with the law, regulations and legal procedure. 3. Usage Rules 3.1 For use of the services made available on the DU Ad Platform, the Developer must comply with the relevant provisions of the laws and regulations of Hong Kong. The Developer hereby agrees that the Developer will not use the DU Ad Platform service(s) for any illegal or improper activities, including but not limited to the following acts: (i) upload, host, display, modify, post, publish, distribute, update, share or transmit in other manner any information which: (a) belongs to another person and to which the Developer does not have any right to; (b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; © harms minors in any way; (d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; (e) violates any law for the time being in force; (f) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly oﬀensive or menacing in nature; (g) impersonates another person; (h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, ﬁles or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; (i) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable oﬀence or prevents investigation of any oﬀence or is insulting any other nation; (j) endangers national security, leaks state secrets, subverts state power, undermines national unity; (k) harms national honor and interests; (l) undermines national religious policy, promoting cults and superstitions; (m) spreads rumors, disturbs social order, undermine social stability; (n) spreads violence, murder, terrorism; (ii) use the network service system for any illegal purpose; and (iii) use the DU Ad Platform services to engage in any of the following activities: (a) enter the computer information networks or use of computer information network resources without permission; (b) delete, modify or add the computer information network function without permission; © delete, modify or add the processing or transmission of data and applications of the computer information network memory without permission; (d) intentionally make and spread computer viruses and other destructive programs; (e) cause any other harm to computer information network security. 3.2 In the event that the Developer violates or breaches this Agreement or regulations of related services leading to or resulting in any claims, demands or losses from any third parties, including attorney's fees, the Developer shall resolve such disputes with the third party on its own, and the Developer shall also pay compensation for direct/ indirect losses and damages to DAPP and any associate company of DAPP. DAPP has the right, including but not limited to, to delete the Developer's released information/ content/ App, suspend the license granted to the Developer, end the services provided to the Developer, impose restrictions on the use including terminate access or usage rights immediately, retrieve the DU Ad Platform account, and investigate for legal responsibility in case the Developer violates or breaches this Agreement. If the Developer registers with the DU Ad Platform in order to engage in illegal activities, create disturbance, harass, deceive other Developers and cause any other violation of the terms of this Agreement, DAPP shall have the right to retrieve such Developer accounts, and in the interim, DAPP will act according to the directions of the relevant governmental authorities in India. 3.3 The Developer shall not duplicate, copy, sell, resell any part of the DU Ad Platform services or use the DU Ad Platform for any other commercial purpose. 3.4 The Developer will be required to bear the legal responsibility consequent to use of the DU Ad Platform services.The Developer will assume legal liability including but not limited to: compensating the victims, and bearing the administrative penalties or tort liability for damages that DAPP may be charged with due to the acts of the Developer on the DU Ad Platform. 4. Services 4.1 The services provided by DAPP on the DU Ad Platform may be changed, altered or revised in any manner whatsoever by DAPP at its sole discretion. 4.2 Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, all other related services, new services, new product or new features that DAPP launches will be regulated by this Agreement. 4.3 To use the DU Ad Platform services, Developers should be competent and be legally allowed to access Internet services. In addition, Developers must be equipped with its own equipment necessary to connect to the internet services including a computer, data machine or other access device. 4.4 The Developer agrees that DAPP has the right without prior notice, to change, interrupt or terminate part or all of the network service at any time. DAPP does not guarantee the stability, timeliness, accuracy or safety of network services and shall not be responsible for the same or for any liability arising therefrom. 4.5 DAPP needs to regularly update/ maintain/ repair the DU Ad Platform platform or associated equipment, and as a result, the DU Ad Platform may be interrupted for a reasonable time. DAPP reserves the rights to repair, maintain, upgrade or suspend any part of the DU Ad Platform without prior notice to the Developer. 4.6 The Developer agrees that the risk of use of the DU Ad Platform services will be assumed entirely by the Developer. The Developer understands and accepts all risks involved in obtaining any information from the DU Ad Platform, including any system damage, data loss and any other risks and that DAPP shall not be responsible for the same or for any liability arising therefrom. 4.7 DAPP has the right to temporarily or permanently modify or terminate the DU Ad Platform Service (or any part thereof) at any time, regardless of any prior notice. DAPP does not assume any responsibility or liability to the Developer and/ or any third parties in such case. 4.8 The Developer agrees that DAPP's decision to terminate the Developer's account usage/ access or ban the Developers from using the DU Ad Platform (or any part of the service) or removal or deletion of any Developer's content from the DU Ad Platform can be for any reason, including but not limited to cheating or breach of the Agreement by the Developer. Under this Agreement, the Developer agrees that DAPP can suspend or terminate the related services with/without prior notice. The Developer acknowledges and agrees that, DAPP can immediately close or delete the account and all account's relevant information and documents, and/ or ban from use the aforementioned ﬁle or related DU Ad Platform service on account of any reason whatsoever. In addition, the Developer agrees that DAPP or any third party does not bear any responsibility to the Developer if the Developer is banned from using the DU Ad services or the Developer account and related information and documents are closed or deleted. 5. Intellectual property and other legitimate rights and interests 5.1 DAPP respects intellectual property rights and legal rights of others and urges the Developer to show the same respect to intellectual property rights and legitimate rights and interests of others. If the Developer believes that the intellectual property rights or other legitimate rights and interests are violated/ infringed, the Developer must provide DAPP a written notice relating to such violation/ infringement as per section 5.3 below. The Developer hereby acknowledges that the App(s) developed or uploaded by the Developer will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party in any manner whatsoever. 5.2 The written notice to be issued by the Developer must meet the following requirements: (i) contain the Developers' physical or electronic signature; (ii) identify the copyrighted work alleged to have been infringed; (iii) identify the allegedly infringing material in a suﬃciently precise manner to allow DAPP to locate that material; (iv) contain adequate information by which DAPP can contact the Developer (including postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address); (v) contain a statement that the Developer has a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or the law; (vi) contain a statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and (vii) contain a statement, under penalty of perjury, that the Developer is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. The Developer should send the above information to duadplatfo rm@gmail.com 5.3 DAPP holds copyright(s) of the information available on the DU Ad Platform.Any authorized browsing, copying, printing and dissemination of the information and data belonging to the DU Ad Platform must meet the following conditions: (i) the purpose of obtaining all data and images is for information; (ii) the information and data shall not be used for commercial purposes; (iii) all data, image and any of its parts must include a copyright notice as follows: (a) All products, technologies, all programs on the website e.duapps.com belong to DAPP; (b) "DAPP", "DU Ad Platform" and related graphics are registered trademarks and without DAPP's permission, no third party can use (including but not limited to, copy, communicate, display, upload, download or use in any illegal manner) such trademarks, failing which DAPP may initiate appropriate legal action. 6. Other 6.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [ ], without regard to choice of law principles. Should a dispute arise between the Parties in connection with this Agreement, the Parties shall attempt to resolve such dispute through friendly consultations between themselves. If, however, the dispute cannot be resolved after commencement of such friendly consultations, then the Parties agree that such and all disputes arising from the implementation of or in connection with this Agreement, including questions regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be settled, referred to and ﬁnally resolved by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre ("HKIAC"), under its Rules of Arbitration for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this section. The arbitration shall be conducted in English by three (3) arbitrators from the then existing HKIAC list of arbitrators where each Party shall appoint one (1) arbitrator and these two (2) shall appoint a third arbitrator. The award shall be ﬁnal and binding on both Parties. Expenses of the arbitrator(s) shall be divided equally between the Parties. 6.2 The Parties shall keep conﬁdential all information relating to the arbitration, including without limitation, the existence of arbitration proceedings (or the possibility thereof), the proceedings themselves, all statements given or made during the course of the proceedings, all documents and other information submitted by parties in connection with the proceedings, all documents and other information issued by the arbitrator and/or the arbitration centre and the arbitral award. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the parties' rights to seek interim injunctive relief from any court to prevent or curtail any breach of this Agreement. 6.3 The failure of DAPP to exercise any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the Parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give eﬀect to the Parties' intentions as reﬂected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and eﬀect. This Agreement, together with all applicable other agreements, as they may each be amended from time to time by DAPP, constitute the entire agreement between DAPP and the Developer, regarding their subject matter and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, whether written or oral. The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 6.4 Questions, Suggestions and Complaints If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us at duadplatform@gmail.com. If you have any complaints about a possible breach of applicable laws please direct your questions or concerns to the Grievance Oﬃcer by email: [duadplatform@gmail.com]. The Grievance Oﬃcer will expeditiously redress the concerns or grievances of the providers of information within a period of thirty (90) days from the date of receipt of the grievance.