The Verge homepage The Verge homepageMore Menu Menu DuckDuckGo launches new Email Protection service to remove trackers DuckDuckGo launches new Email Protection service to remove trackers / This is your chance to get an ‘@duck.com’ email address By 0 Comments / New Share this story DuckDuckGo is launching a new email privacy service meant to stop ad companies from spying on your inbox. The company’s new Email Protection feature gives users a free “@duck.com” email address, which will forward emails to your regular inbox after analyzing their contents for trackers and stripping any away. DuckDuckGo is also extending this feature with unique, disposable forwarding addresses, which can be generated easily in DuckDuckGo’s mobile browser or through desktop browser extensions. The personal DuckDuckGo email is meant to be given out to friends and contacts you know, while the disposable addresses are better served when signing up for free trials, newsletters, or anywhere you suspect might sell your email address. If the email address is compromised, you can easily deactivate it. These tools are similar to anti-tracking features implemented by Apple in iOS 14 and iOS 15, but DuckDuckGo’s approach integrates into iOS, Android, and all major web browsers. DuckDuckGo will also make it easier to spin up disposable email addresses on the fly, for newsletters or anywhere you might share your email. Tackling email privacy has been a major goal for DuckDuckGo, as the company pushes for privacy-friendly methods for various online tasks. The company began with its eponymous DuckDuckGo search engine and has more recently introduced its own mobile browser and desktop browser extensions to remove trackers while surfing the web. Email trackers exist in more than 70 percent of mailing lists, according to a highly cited 2017 study . Once implemented, they let advertisers figure out when you open email, where you are when you open it, and which device you’re using. Removing trackers from email removes data points from lists building hidden advertising profiles on you, which have become a priority for privacy advocates in recent years. Weinberg said that consumer research showed that asking people to switch to an entirely new email address and provider would be a tough pitch. So instead of creating a new email service, the Email Protection tool acts as an intermediary layer guarding access to your inbox. “Our high-level goal is to make simple privacy protection available for everyone anywhere they are,” CEO Gabriel Weinberg tells The Verge. “S o we’re trying to build this into any major browser or operating system or email provider you use.” iPhone users might recognize the concept of a relay email address, a feature that Apple introduced with iOS 14 called Hide My Email . When signing up for an app through an Apple device, your iPhone can suggest a randomized Apple email address. Emails hit the random address, preventing the app from knowing your real email. In Apple’s iOS 15 , the company is introducing similar features to confuse email trackers and protect privacy. Weinberg explains that DuckDuckGo’s Email Protection is different than Apple’s offerings because it’s cross-platform, meaning you have a unified experience with disposable email addresses on mobile, desktop, iPhone, or Android. But it also differs in how the software zags on trackers. Apple loads trackers on its own servers, which send erroneous information back to the trackers’ servers. DuckDuckGo just removes them from the email before they are ever loaded. This difference to most users is negligible, but it is indeed a difference. Setting up the tool is straightforward. Users sign up through DuckDuckGo’s mobile app, by going to the Settings page and tapping on Email Protection. They can then join the waitlist, which DuckDuckGo says is novel because it doesn’t collect an email address — it stores a timestamp in the app which is used to designate the person’s order in line. DuckDuckGo estimates the wait will be a couple of weeks, after which users will get a notification to set up the feature. The setup process includes a bit of light reading about the privacy features and choosing a new “Duck.com” email address. One feature that the process stresses is that DuckDuckGo doesn’t see or save your email; the tracker removal is done in its servers’ memory (or RAM) and not ever written to a disk or hard drive. DuckDuckGo also built the forwarding software from scratch, so it didn’t have to rely on a third-party also processing the emails before they hit your inbox. The Email Protection feature also integrates with the DuckDuckGo mobile browser and desktop browser extension, giving people the option to fill in their “@duck.com” address or generate a disposable address that forwards email to their inbox. The mobile and desktop browser extensions are linked by opening a link on the Email Protection welcome email in your desktop browser.From then on, when email is received, scanned, cleaned of trackers, and forwarded to your email, DuckDuckGo inserts a small bar at the top of the email notifying of any trackers removed. Clicking on that bar allows a user to get more information on the trackers blocked or deactivate a disposable address that has been compromised. Crucially, while a user can respond to an email they receive on a “@duck.com” address, it can’t be used to initially send an email, reducing the tool’s usefulness for laundering harassment. The feature is launching in a beta test, and DuckDuckGo is still exploring how it will function in the real world. The company is also working on a privacy-focused desktop browser, which it expects to finish by the end of 2021, part of a broader push to offer privacy-focused alternatives for every major activity online. “Wherever you go online, we want to protect you,” Weinberg said 0 Comments / New Featured Videos From The Verge Elon Musk keeps getting creepierNetflix finally streams video games, tooApple’s iPhone ‘batterygate’ settlement payments should start going out soonTesla reintroduces more affordable ‘Standard Range’ versions of Model S and XThe Elon Musk versus Mark Zuckerberg beef has reached a new level of absurdity Verge Deals / Sign up for Verge Deals to get deals on products we've tested sent to your inbox daily. Email (required) From our sponsor Advertiser Content From More from Policy Advertiser Content From SPONSORED CONTENT Most Affordable Camper Vans Camper Vans Warehouse InappropriateMisleadingMisinformationRepetitiveIrrelevantDistracting Cardiologist: Too Much Belly Fat? Do This Before Bed Healthy Guru InappropriateMisleadingMisinformationRepetitiveIrrelevantDistracting Has public USB ‘juice jacking’ made it into the wild? ReversingLabs InappropriateMisleadingMisinformationRepetitiveIrrelevantDistracting Thousands 'Rattled' By Site That Exposes Everything About Everyone In Raleigh www.peoplewhiz.com InappropriateMisleadingMisinformationRepetitiveIrrelevantDistracting Raleigh Dental Implants for Seniors Paid by Medicare Dental Implants | Search ads InappropriateMisleadingMisinformationRepetitiveIrrelevantDistracting Celebrities Are Going Crazy for Rob Gronkowski's Secret Shoes Wolf & Shepherd InappropriateMisleadingMisinformationRepetitiveIrrelevantDistracting The Verge is a vox media network © 2023 Vox Media , LLC. All Rights ReservedAppleStoreShop Quick Links Shop Special Stores MacExplore Mac Shop Mac More from Mac iPadExplore iPad Shop iPad More from iPad iPhoneExplore iPhone Shop iPhone More from iPhone WatchExplore Watch Shop Watch More from Watch AirPodsExplore AirPods Shop AirPods More from AirPods TV & HomeExplore TV & Home Shop TV & Home More from TV & Home EntertainmentExplore Entertainment Support AccessoriesShop Accessories Explore Accessories SupportExplore Support Get Help Helpful Topics Mac App Store Preview This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone, iPad, and Mac. DuckDuckGo Private Browser 17+ Privacy, simplified. Free Screenshots Description DuckDuckGo for Mac is a free browsing app that gives you comprehensive online privacy protection. With one download, you get a private everyday Internet browser that offers seamless protection while you search and browse - plus access to free tracking protection for your email inbox, secure password management, new beta features, and more. FEATURE HIGHLIGHTS • Search Privately by Default - DuckDuckGo Private Search comes built in, so you can easily search the web without being tracked. • Block Most Trackers Before They Load - Stay secure with our cutting-edge tracker-blocking technology. 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection goes above and beyond what most popular web browsers offer by default, stopping most hidden tracking scripts from loading and collecting your personal data. • Enable Built-in Email Protection (Beta) – Get free Duck Addresses (@duck.com) to block most email trackers – which we’ve caught in 85% of emails – and hide your existing email address when signing up for things online, all without switching email providers. • Clean Up YouTube with Duck Player - Watch YouTube videos more privately in Duck Player. We’ll protect you from targeted ads and cookies with a distraction-free interface that incorporates YouTube’s strictest privacy settings for embedded video. • Automatically Enforce Encryption - Force many sites you visit to automatically use an encrypted (HTTPS) connection, which helps shield your data from Wi-Fi snoopers and network onlookers like your Internet provider. • Escape Fingerprinting – Make it harder for companies to create a unique identifier for you by blocking their attempts to combine specific information about your web browser and device settings. • Import Bookmarks and Passwords – Using another browser or password manager to store passwords? It’s quick and easy to bring all your login info to DuckDuckGo’s secure password manager. Bookmarks, too! • We feature many protections not available on most Internet browsers (even in incognito mode), including protection from link tracking, Google AMP tracking, and more. EVERYDAY PRIVACY CONTROLS • Hit Fire Button, Burn Data - Clear your tabs and browsing data fast with our Fire Button. • Banish Cookie Pop-Ups – When we detect cookie consent pop-ups on sites you visit, we’ll work in the background to automatically set your preferences, minimizing cookies and maximizing privacy -- then close the pop-ups. • Signal Your Privacy Preference with Global Privacy Control (GPC) - Built into our app, GPC intends to help you express your opt-out rights automatically by telling websites not to sell or share your personal information. Whether it can be used to enforce your legal rights (for example, current or future CCPA, GDPR requirements) depends on the laws in your jurisdiction. Note about our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection following DuckDuckGo ad clicks: Our 3rd-Party Tracker Protection goes above and beyond what you get in most popular browsers by default, but we’re constantly working to make it more comprehensive. Currently, if an advertiser wants to detect conversions on their own website for our private DuckDuckGo search ads, our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection will not stop bat.bing.com requests from loading on the advertiser’s website following DuckDuckGo ad clicks, but those requests are stopped in all other contexts. This is because DuckDuckGo private search advertising is in partnership with Microsoft. As part of that partnership, viewing ads on DuckDuckGo is anonymous and Microsoft has committed to not profile our users’ ad clicks. Read more about this and our free Tracking Protections at https://help.duckduckgo.com/privacy/web-tracking-protections You don't need to wait to take back your privacy. Join the millions of people using DuckDuckGo and protect many of your everyday online activities with one app. It's privacy, simplified. Privacy Policy: https://duckduckgo.com/privacy/ What’s New Version 1.51.1 - You can now close a window with only pinned tabs by pressing Command+W. - We've added a new appearance setting for the bookmarks bar, so you can use it just the way you like. - We fixed reordering favorites in the last row on the home screen.- We fixed a bug that caused incorrect URLs to be suggested when typing in the address bar. Join our fully distributed team and help raise the standard of trust online https://duckduckgo.com/hiring Ratings and Reviews 4.5 74 Ratings 💀☠️👻🖤🩶🤍🤎 , Best app ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So I was just looking at the reviews of this app and I saw some reviews that say “DuckDuckGo steals your information DuckDuckGo steals your data DuckDuckGo is not a good app blah blah blah 😒” stuff like that but open your eyes that is not true my mom has this app and that has never happened once to her before and DuckDuckGo can talk to you unlike safari and Microsoft and Yahoo the duck once told me that Microsoft and Google tried and steal my data and information and tracked me down I was scared on what I found out but DuckDuckGo stepped in and saved me from being hacked and I was relieved that DuckDuckGo told me that why are you not believing the good reviews why are your eyes closed why can you just not trust me and you don’t know what you don’t have just trust me open your eyes and see why this app was created the person that made this app you are a genius you are a king/queen you are amazing 🥲 and this app is truly better than safari and Microsoft and google and Yahoo you are a piece of gold now that I am loving this app thank you for creating this app I feel so much safer so much happier thank you #DuckDuckGo is the best wow I can’t believe how I have a amazing life now and to all of you who wrote bad reviews you are trash this is a great app Thank you. Let’s help each other out so download this app it’s amazing and safe and we can all be safe and happy! iShopping 24-7, Inc. , Starting to feel better I don’t like to be micromanaged, spied on, having my personal information sold or going to someone-some business-some political party without me knowing who it is. I recently heard about DuckDuckGo and the things they do to protect peoples privacy. I research the pros/cons and thought I’d give them a try. Within the first day of switching to them, I had several alerts. One warned me of a social media account that was trying to get my information that was hidden on a site I clicked on (wasn’t an extension either). Another alert let me know that by clicking on the site I was about to, it would automatically gain access to sensitive info. I’m loving this browser/search engine so far due to the privacy and actual heads up it gives me when something underhanded will be going down if I click on the site. Just after two days of using it, I’m starting to feel more relaxed, in control and wanting to know more. So far I truly DO recommend this product….and it’s free! Thank you DuckDuckGo! Keep up the amazing work. Hopefully we will be able to get our privacy back that has been stolen from us. Ananviw , DuckDuck is not a safe app to use. This app will take your information and account and sell it to any third party including terrorist and that’s what happened with me, I download that app and I write on the search key how to enable Rumble comments and I pack from the search results Rumble how to enable comment and that take me to the page and they don’t show me the clear steps and after that the terrorist who they selled to him my information and account he start to say to me F Word and threat me and he said to me that he will blow up not only me but the whole entire Neighborhoods that I am living in and he show me a map and the area that I am living in and said that he is not happy about my comments that I make on social media, then I contact apple because I get that app from apple App Store and I telled them why didn’t apple write a warning about DuckDuck private browsing because the reason why I downloaded this app because it’s on Apple app Store, they respond to me that this app is a third party app. Anyway I still disappointed apple because they didn’t mention that DuckDuck is a third party app and using that app is on my own risk and because apple always have good apps and products if apple don’t telled her customers that DuckDuck is a third party app and if they use it it’s on there owned risk, how there customers know this app is not safe. Developer Response , Hello, we want to reassure you that we don't collect, share or sell any user search or browsing history. App Privacy The developer, DuckDuckGo, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information English Unrestricted Web Access You Might Also Like Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.Privacy EssentialsWhy PrivacyWho We AreKeep In Touch How Does the DuckDuckGo App/Extension Protect My Privacy? Filed under DuckDuckGo Q&A For over a decade, at DuckDuckGo we’ve offered millions of people a private alternative to Google search, serving over 20 billion anonymous searches . In January of 2018, we took a major step to simplify online privacy further with the launch of fully revamped versions of our browser extension and mobile app , with built-in tracker blocking, smarter encryption, Privacy Grade website ratings, and, of course, private search – all in one. We call it Privacy Essentials because it includes, in one package, all the key components to curb the constant monitoring of your Internet activity by companies like Google and Facebook as you search and browse the web. It’s designed to work seamlessly, without compromising your web experience; in fact, by blocking all these trackers, it actually speeds it up! From major data breaches, echo chambers, and manipulation via targeted ads, there are unfortunately daily reminders that our information is not safe online. These reminders have rightfully made Internet privacy a mainstream concern . Privacy Essentials is a simple solution for you to take back your privacy online. On desktop, it is available as a browser extension for Firefox and Chrome . On mobile, it’s an app on iOS and Android . The browser extension is for desktop/laptop use and is an add-on to the major browsers. The mobile app is itself a browser with the privacy features built in along with the regular browser functionality you need (bookmarks, tabs, etc.), as well as a fire button that allows you to erase (burn) everything in one tap! Below, I’ll briefly walk through how each essential privacy component works. Expose and Block Tracker Networks Watching You The vast majority of websites across the Internet contain hidden tracker networks . Google trackers are lurking behind about 75% of pages, Facebook trackers on about 25%, and countless others are scattered throughout. These trackers soak up your personal information to follow you with ads around the web, study your browsing behavior, or worse. This means that for any site you visit, it is likely Google or Facebook is tracking you there. It’s downright creepy. But it gets worse. Companies like Google and Facebook collect all this information – all these personal data points – to build intimate profiles of you online. The information they collect can include where you live, who you live with, how old you are, your eating and shopping preferences, favorite travel spots, reading habits, music preferences, etc. Then, they use these profiles to sell hyper-targeted ads to the highest bidder, effectively auctioning off your personal information over and over again. We believe your data shouldn’t be for sale, in fact, DuckDuckGo has been profitable without storing or sharing any personal information since 2014. Privacy Essentials blocks the hidden third-party trackers we can find on websites you visit, including those from Google and Facebook. It also exposes the major tracking networks tracking you over time, so that you can track who's trying to track you. Increase Encryption Protection While historically not all sites offer an encrypted (HTTPS) version of their site, thankfully this has been rapidly changing . Encryption protects you from eavesdroppers, like ISPs or people lurking on public Wi-Fi, grabbing up your personal information as it travels across the Internet between you and the websites you visit. At DuckDuckGo, we’ve been evaluating each individual website starting with the most popular (there are millions of them!), to verify the sites that offer a solid encrypted version of their sites. If a site has an encrypted version, we will send it to you automatically. Sometimes sites will auto-upgrade you; in these cases, we usually save you from one trip in the clear (unencrypted). However, many sites will not auto-upgrade you; in these cases, we do it for you, making sure you are similarly always using the encrypted version. Privacy Grades For each site you visit, we calculate a Privacy Grade. This grade takes into account how many tracker networks were found on the site, the severity of these tracker networks, whether the site is a tracker network itself, and the presence of encryption on the requests that are being sent. We also calculate the grade after our Privacy Protection has been applied, and show you that grade in the toolbar so you know how protected you are at a glance. You can tap or click the icon to see the underlying site’s grade and all the tracker and encryption details. This feature also serves a second purpose. It’s a reminder that when it comes to online privacy, we need to hold websites to a higher standard. Hardly any website is taking the steps needed to truly safeguard privacy. As a result, hardly any website currently gets an "A" on privacy.Search Privately Of course, our app and extension also include DuckDuckGo private search ! You share your most personal information with your search engine, like your financial, medical, and political questions. What you search for is your own business, which is why DuckDuckGo search doesn’t track you. Ever. As mentioned, we’ve been providing private search for over a decade, and it has everything you have grown to expect in a search engine (instant answers, maps, etc.) – just all done privately. Privacy, simplified. There are many privacy tools out there. We’ve recommended quite a few ourselves over the years. But every tool we’ve seen has had significant drawbacks, such as: Just a one-part or two-part solution, and not containing all necessary components.Not available across all major browsers and devices.Not really seamless, i.e. consistently breaks websites.Not comprehensive enough (i.e. not blocking enough trackers or upgrading enough encryption.) There have also been widespread misconceptions about privacy features, such as the belief that a browser’s private (“incognito”) mode or “Do Not Track” browser settings provide protection from online tracking. Sadly, that’s not the case, which leads to a false sense of anonymity online . Users need to take further measures to protect themselves. Privacy Essentials offers tracker blocking, smarter encryption, and private search in one seamless solution across all major platforms. And it keeps you informed throughout, communicating to you what’s being blocked through simple features like the Privacy Grade. We believe getting the privacy you deserve should be as simple as closing the blinds, which is why we built Privacy Essentials to be as easy and simple as possible. You can get it across all major platforms with just one download: For more privacy advice, follow us on Twitter & get our privacy crash course Read more posts by this author. DuckDuckGo Privacy Newsletters Stay protected and informed with our privacy newsletters. Your email address will not be shared or associated with anonymous searches. — Spread Privacy — DuckDuckGo Q&A What are the biggest tracker networks and what can I do about them? When you visit a website, you are of course observable by the site itself, but you are also observable by third-party trackers that the site embeds in its code. You might be surprised 4 min read DuckDuckGo Q&A Why Should I Use DuckDuckGo Instead of Google? If you ever get asked why you should use DuckDuckGo instead of Google, here's a definitive answer by our Founder & CEO, Gabriel Weinberg. 9 min read Spread PrivacyDuckDuckGo Privacy for Safari 4+ Privacy, simplified. Free Screenshots Description Tired of being tracked online? We can help. DuckDuckGo Privacy Essentials comes packed with best-in-class privacy essentials and makes browsing Safari even faster. Block Tracking Cookies — prevent most 3rd-party cookies from tracking you as you browse from site to site. Escape Website Trackers Before They Load - we automatically stop most hidden trackers (3rd-party scripts) from loading, which prevents companies from collecting and using any personal data from these trackers. Our cutting-edge tracker blocking technology – called 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection – goes above and beyond what you get in most popular browsers by default. After you install our extension, you’ll be asked to enable Tracker Blocking and the Privacy Dashboard within Safari. While the extension doesn’t include DuckDuckGo Private Search, it is built into Safari as a default search option. Enabling all three gives you seamless privacy protection. Privacy, simplified. Note about our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection following DuckDuckGo ad clicks: Our 3rd-Party Tracker Protection goes above and beyond what you get in most popular browsers by default, but we’re constantly working to make it more comprehensive. Currently, if an advertiser wants to detect conversions on their own website for our private DuckDuckGo search ads, our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection will not stop bat.bing.com requests from loading on the advertiser’s website following DuckDuckGo ad clicks, but those requests are stopped in all other contexts. This is because DuckDuckGo private search advertising is in partnership with Microsoft. As part of that partnership, viewing ads on DuckDuckGo is anonymous and Microsoft has committed to not profile our users’ ad clicks. Read more about this and our Tracking Protections at https://help.duckduckgo.com/privacy/web-tracking-protections/ You don't need to wait to take back your privacy. Join the millions of people using DuckDuckGo and protect many of your everyday online activities with one app. It's privacy, simplified. More About DuckDuckGo • About Us: https://duckduckgo.com/about/ • Privacy Newsletter: https://duckduckgo.com/newsletter • Privacy Policy: https://duckduckgo.com/privacy/ • Open Source Code: https://github.com/duckduckgo/duckduckgo-privacy-extension What’s New Version 1.8.0 Bug fixes and improvements. Ratings and Reviews 4.2 410 Ratings GeramyW Helpful sidekick to Safari's existing UI (Multi-Device) I've strictly used duckduckgo for browsing comfortably on iOS and desktop for years. Heres my two cents on what the folks at DuckDuckGo are doing: WHAT OTHERS CAN'T! At a currently rare price of $0.00, you receive an even rarer, comfortable interface on mobile. That alone shows how these devs don't cut corners and use their resources in a expertly manner. In MacOS, it is much the same. It works within the Safari browser, as an extension, where it becomes a second line of defense for tracker-blocking throughout the internet. Above all, their services prompted me to write a thourough, positive review. Thank you DuckDuckGo! chaya Sometimes, you just want to have fun ... ... and not have the world watching. Like others, I'm a big fan of the iOS version. In this case, I was a bit confused at first because it's not a separate browser. This is good and bad - good because you don't have to transfer all your bookmarks & preferences to a new app. The bad is minor. Because it's the same browser if you need to open recently updated files and don't want to clear cache, good luck on sites that are slow to update -or that just might be my site, in which case, no bad at all. Oz Knozz Interesting Feature I have used the DDG for years. As Safari ups its game on privacy and tracker blocking, I wondered of using DDG on top of that was redundant. As a test, I uninstalled the DDG extension, and relied solely on Safari. To my surprise, ads started appearing on sites I visit frequently. I reinstalled the DDG extension, and the ads were gone. Little did I know that an interesting feature of DDG includes a level of ad blocking. App Privacy The developer, DuckDuckGo, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy . Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information English More By This Developer Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.DuckDuckGo Web Browsing Privacy DuckDuckGo Web Tracking Protections DuckDuckGo never tracks you . And when you leave our search engine and use our apps or extensions to browse other sites, we aim to protect your privacy as much as possible. To be effective, browser tracking protection needs to continually evolve to mitigate how trackers attempt to evade specific protections. That’s why we offer multiple types of web tracking protections. Other browsers offer some of these by default, like cookie and fingerprinting protections, but we also provide many other protections that most browsers do not offer by default, like 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection , Global Privacy Control , Link Tracking Protection , CNAME Cloaking Protection , Google AMP Protection , and more, which all help cover different tracking angles. For example, most browsers’ default tracking protection focuses on cookie and fingerprinting protections that only restrict trackers after they load in your browser. Unfortunately, that level of protection leaves information like your IP address and other identifiers sent with loading requests vulnerable to profiling. We offer our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection to help address this vulnerability, which stops most 3rd-party trackers from loading in the first place, providing significantly more protection. We created this page to explain how each of our web tracking protections works, how our protections work across supported platforms, and how they work together to provide overlapping protection. Our non-beta apps and extensions are also open source , which means that anyone can examine their source code and how our web tracking protections are coded. To identify trackers, we crawl the web with our Tracker Radar , which is also open source , as is our list of trackers . While no one can eliminate all hidden tracking or all profiling online, we aim to prevent most 3rd-party tracking through the overlapping protections described on this page. At the same time, we aim to preserve site functionality as much as possible, for example making sure our Web Tracking Protections don’t interfere with your ability to view websites correctly, sign in to sites, or make online purchases. 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection When you visit a website, the web address (URL) in your browser’s address bar tells your browser where to go. What you may not realize, is that sites also try to load other URLs in the background while your destination page is loading. Many of those URLs come from other companies, commonly referred to as “3rd parties.” Sites often embed these 3rd-party requests to support site functionality, but they can also be used to track you. We crawl the web with Tracker Radar to identify tracking requests and maintain our own list of trackers . For example, the most prevalent 3rd-party tracker on the Internet is Google Analytics. Requests to Google Analytics URLs are embedded on millions of sites to help the owners understand how their sites are being used. But typically, Google can also use this to profile you outside of the site where the information originated. Most browsers that offer web tracking protections are usually talking about cookie tracking protections (described in 3rd-party and 1st-party cookie protection). However, these types of protections can only restrict 3rd-party trackers after they load in your browser, and these 3rd parties still get access to information that could be used to track you across sites as part of the loading process (like IP address or other identifiers sent with the loading request). To protect against this tracking, you need a web tracking protection that actually stops most 3rd-party tracking requests from loading in the first place. This type of protection comes built-in with all our apps and extensions, and goes well beyond the web tracking protections most popular browsers offer by default. This protection is particularly difficult to provide without causing usability issues because some websites depend on code that loads from these embedded requests. We can sometimes work around this with Surrogates . In other cases, we may make a limited exception when it would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. It’s also important to note that the intention of 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection is not to stop all 3rd-party requests from loading, just those used for 3rd-party tracking. For example, infrastructure domains require more nuanced classification since they don’t always serve tracking content. Additionally 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection may also behave differently following a click on a DuckDuckGo Private Search Ad . Firefox extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. Chrome extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading.Edge extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. Opera extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. Safari extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. iPhone & iPad app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. Android app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. Mac app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. Windows app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from loading. 3rd-Party Cookie Protection Believe it or not, web “cookies” were originally designed to be a helpful data storage mechanism. However, 3rd-party cookies have become one of the most common methods of web tracking. If you notice the same ads following you around, 3rd-party cookies may be to blame because they can easily track you as you browse from site to site. That’s because even though third-party cookies are created on one site, they can be retrieved from another. For example, if you visit a website which uses Google’s ad network, it can create a 3rd-party cookie based on the content you are viewing. Then, when you visit another website that also uses Google ads, Google can read the initial cookie, know that you’re the same person, and show you an ad based on what you were viewing on the previous site. To protect against this, we first block most 3rd-party tracking requests with 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection , which stops requests from loading that would otherwise have a chance to create or access 3rd-party cookies. In addition, we also automatically block 3rd-party cookies on our list of known trackers by default, and will only make a limited exception when it would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. Firefox extension 3rd-party cookies from domains on our list blocked. 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from setting or accessing 3rd-party cookies. Chrome extension 3rd-party cookies from domains on our list blocked. 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from setting or accessing 3rd-party cookies. Edge extension 3rd-party cookies from domains on our list blocked. 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from setting or accessing 3rd-party cookies. Opera extension 3rd-party cookies from domains on our list blocked. 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from setting or accessing 3rd-party cookies. Safari extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 3rd-party cookies, and 3rd-party cookies also blocked through WebKit’s built-in cookie tracking protection . iPhone & iPad app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 3rd-party cookies, and 3rd-party cookies also blocked through WebKit’s built-in cookie tracking protection . Android app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 3rd-party cookies. All 3rd-party cookies also blocked through the Android WebView API , except when a Google Single-Sign On (SSO) is in progress. Mac app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 3rd-party cookies, and 3rd-party cookies also blocked through WebKit’s built-in cookie tracking protection . Windows app 3rd-party cookies from domains on our list blocked. 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from setting or accessing 3rd-party cookies. 1st-Party Cookie Protection Unlike 3rd-party cookies, 1st-party cookies are less likely to be involved in cross-site tracking because they can only be retrieved from the site where they were originally created. However, 1st-party cookies can still be used to re-identify you when you later return to a website. This can be helpful when used to recognize that you’re still signed in, but 1st-party cookies can also be used to monitor your activity on sites over time and facilitate cross-site tracking. That’s because identifiers stored in 1st-party cookies can be sent to 3rd-party companies when their requests are directly embedded in the content of a website. To protect against this, we first block most embedded 3rd-party tracking requests before they even have a chance to create or access 1st-party cookies, because we stop those requests from loading with 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection . We also do the same for many 3rd-party requests that are disguised as 1st parties with CNAME Cloaking Protection . We’re sometimes unable to block 3rd-party tracking requests because doing so would break site functionality. Since these unblocked 3rd parties may be able to set 1st-party cookies, we automatically set a 24-hour expiration on those cookies to limit their privacy impact. In addition, we set a 7-day expiration for all other 1st-party cookies created by scripts. We may make a limited exception when these rules would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. We may also alter the behavior of 1st-Party Cookie Protection following a click on a DuckDuckGo Private Search Ad .Firefox extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 24-hour expiry enforced for 1st-party cookies set by scripts on our list. Automatic 7-day expiry enforced for all other 1st-party cookies created by all other scripts. Chrome extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 24-hour expiry enforced for 1st-party cookies set by scripts on our list. Automatic 7-day expiry enforced for all other 1st-party cookies created by all other scripts. Edge extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 24-hour expiry enforced for 1st-party cookies set by scripts on our list. Automatic 7-day expiry enforced for all other 1st-party cookies created by all other scripts. Opera extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 24-hour expiry enforced for 1st-party cookies set by scripts on our list. Automatic 7-day expiry enforced for all other 1st-party cookies created by all other scripts. Safari extension 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies. Automatic 24-hour or 7-day expiry enforced for all 1st-party cookies through WebKit’s built-in cookie tracking protection . Blocking scripts impersonating 1st parties unsupported due to limitations of the current App Extensions architecture, but on our product roadmap to adopt the Web Extensions architecture and add CNAME Cloaking Protection . iPhone & iPad app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including a subset of those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 24-hour or 7-day expiry enforced for all 1st-party cookies through WebKit’s built-in cookie tracking protection . Android app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 7-day expiry enforced for all other 1st-party cookies created by all other scripts. On our product roadmap to enforce 24-hour expiry for 1st-party cookies set by scripts on our list. Mac app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including a subset of those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. Automatic 24-hour or 7-day expiry enforced for all 1st-party cookies through WebKit’s built-in cookie tracking protection . Windows app 3rd-party scripts on our list blocked from creating or accessing 1st-party cookies, including those impersonating 1st parties on our CNAME list. On our product roadmap to enforce 24-hour expiry for 1st-party cookies set by scripts on our list and to enforce 7-day expiry for all other 1st-party cookies created by all other scripts. CNAME Cloaking Protection Some 3rd-party trackers disguise their real (origin) domains as subdomains of the website they’re hiding on, so they appear to belong to the website owner (1st party). This can help them escape common 3rd-party tracking protections. For example, looks like it belongs to the website owner, but the subdomain may actually have a 3rd-party tracking company behind it. We identify 3rd-party domains trying to track you in this way through our open source Tracker Radar crawl. We then help protect against CNAME cloaking by treating those domains as proper 3rd parties, such that we can then apply 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection and other web tracking protections. This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Treats 1st-party requests on our CNAME list as 3rd parties. Chrome extension Treats 1st-party requests on our CNAME list as 3rd parties. Edge extension Treats 1st-party requests on our CNAME list as 3rd parties. Opera extension Treats 1st-party requests on our CNAME list as 3rd parties. Safari extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. iPhone & iPad app Treats 1st-party requests on a subset of our CNAME list as 3rd parties. On our product roadmap to address usability issues limiting domain coverage. Android app Treats 1st-party requests on our CNAME list as 3rd parties. Mac app Treats 1st-party requests on a subset of our CNAME list as 3rd parties. On our product roadmap to address usability issues limiting domain coverage. Windows app Treats 1st-party requests on our CNAME list as 3rd parties. Fingerprinting Protection Some companies try to combine specific information about your browser (like your user agent) and device information (like your device screen size) to create a unique identifier for you that can let them follow you around the web.This widespread tracking technique is known as “fingerprinting” or “device fingerprinting” and is one way tracking companies try to get around cookie tracking protections. They do this by running JavaScript code and using browser APIs to ask the browser to reveal and return information about itself and the device it’s running on (for example, screen size and CPU type). To protect against this, we block many fingerprinting scripts before they can even load with our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection . In addition, we override many of the browser APIs used for fingerprinting to make them return either no information or alternative information that’s less useful for fingerprinting. We will only make a limited exception when it would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. You can review our open source code for this feature. Firefox extension Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overridden. Chrome extension Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overridden. Edge extension Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overridden. Opera extension Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overridden. Safari extension Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs overridden through WebKit’s built-in fingerprinting protection . Additional fingerprinting protections unsupported due to limitations of the current App Extensions architecture, but on our product roadmap to adopt the Web Extensions architecture and expand this protection. iPhone & iPad app Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overridden. Android app Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overriden, except in iframes, where JavaScript injection is unsupported by the Android WebView API . Mac app Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser APIs on our list overridden. Windows app Fingerprinting scripts from 3rd-party trackers on our list blocked from loading. Browser API overrides on our product roadmap. Smarter Encryption (HTTPS Upgrading) If the web address you are visiting starts with , that means the Internet connection to the website is unencrypted, and everything you do or see on that website is vulnerable to network onlookers, including the specific page you are on and any information you submit about yourself while there. If the web address starts with (with an s at the end), the Internet connection is encrypted, and anyone trying to spy on you (like your Internet provider or Wi-Fi snoopers) can’t see anything beyond the website you’re going to. To offer Smarter Encryption (automatic HTTPS upgrading), we crawl the web continuously, look for sites that fully support HTTPS across their entire website, and maintain a list of the sites we find within our apps and extensions. You can review the open source code for our crawler. If you try to navigate to one of these sites unencrypted (http), for example from a social media link, we automatically change to encrypted (https) for any site on our list. Except for Safari, most popular browsers only direct users to encrypted versions of pages in specific circumstances, such as when you navigate directly to a page in the address bar. Otherwise, they only offer additional HTTPS upgrading functionality if you opt-in to advanced settings or use certain modes (like private browsing). By contrast, Smarter Encryption covers all clicks and interactions as you browse the web, including clicks from social media, search engines, and other websites. Firefox extension Upgrades our full list of domains. Chrome extension Upgrades our full list of domains. Edge extension Upgrades our full list of domains. Opera extension Upgrades our full list of domains. Safari extension Upgrades domains through WebKit’s built-in automatic HTTPS upgrading . iPhone & iPad app Upgrades a subset of our full list of domains that covers approximately 90% of search engine clicks. Platform limitations restrict us from upgrading additional requests loaded by websites (such as those used to load additional content). Android app Upgrades a subset of our full list of domains that covers approximately 90% of search engine clicks. Platform limitations restrict us from upgrading additional requests loaded by websites (such as those used to load additional content). Mac app Upgrades a subset of our full list of domains that covers approximately 90% of search engine clicks.Platform limitations restrict us from upgrading additional requests loaded by websites (such as those used to load additional content). Windows app Upgrades a subset of our full list of domains that covers approximately 90% of search engine clicks. Link Tracking Protection The links embedded in websites, social media, and emails that we share and click on every day often contain additional URL parameters after the destination domain. While many of these parameters aren’t used for tracking purposes, others are added to specifically track your behavior across sites (for example: ). We help protect against this type of tracking by removing many tracking parameters . We may make a limited exception when removing parameters would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Removes URL parameters on our list. Chrome extension Removes URL parameters on our list. Edge extension Removes URL parameters on our list. Opera extension Removes URL parameters on our list. Safari extension Unsupported due to limitations of the current App Extensions architecture, but on our product roadmap to adopt the Web Extensions architecture and add Link Tracking Protection. iPhone & iPad app Removes URL parameters on our list from the first navigation request. Applying protection to subsequent links in a series of automatic redirects unsupported due to platform limitations. Android app Removes URL parameters on our list. Mac app Removes URL parameters on our list from the first navigation request. Applying protection to subsequent links in a series of automatic redirects unsupported due to platform limitations. Windows app Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Referrer Tracking Protection When content loads in a web browser, the browser and any servers through which the request passes along the way use metadata in what’s called the “header” to determine what to do with the request. Part of this header is known as the “referrer,” which allows a server to identify the last place a user was before they arrived on that site. Sometimes this is used for security checks (like when you sign in to a website), but it can also be hijacked by companies to send along additional data that could help them track and fingerprint you. By default, we “trim” (remove) some of the metadata in the “referrer header” that trackers could potentially use to track you individually. All 3rd-party requests are trimmed down to the hostname (for example, becomes just ). We may make a limited exception when this protection would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. Firefox extension Referrer headers trimmed to the hostname for all requests originating from a different domain. Chrome extension Referrer headers trimmed to the hostname for all requests originating from a different domain. Edge extension Unsupported due to platform limitations . Opera extension Referrer headers trimmed to the hostname for all requests originating from a different domain. Safari extension Referrer headers trimmed to the hostname for all requests originating from a different domain than the visited site through WebKit’s built-in referrer tracking protection . iPhone & iPad app Referrer headers trimmed to the hostname for all requests originating from a different domain than the visited site through WebKit’s built-in referrer tracking protection . Android app Unsupported due to Android WebView limitations. Mac app Referrer headers trimmed to the hostname for all requests originating from a different domain than the visited site through WebKit’s built-in referrer tracking protection . Windows app Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Embedded Social Media Protection When you visit a website that contains embedded content from social media companies (such as YouTube videos, Tweets, Facebook comments, or sign-in buttons), that content often includes tracking code that those companies use to link your user information (like IP address and browser details) with your browsing history. By default, we block social media embedded content from Facebook on our list of content types , which includes: sign-in buttons, videos, comments, posts, pages, and groups. We plan to expand this protection to additional social media content, including YouTube videos. You can easily unblock a particular piece of content to view it if desired. We may make a limited exception when this protection would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. While social media companies will receive some user information each time you unblock a piece of content, this protection will help reduce what they know about you overall by default. You can learn more about Embedded Social Media Protection .This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Embedded Facebook content on our list of content types blocked. Additional social networks on our product roadmap. Chrome extension Embedded Facebook content on our list of content types blocked. Additional social networks on our product roadmap. Edge extension Embedded Facebook content on our list of content types blocked. Additional social networks on our product roadmap. Opera extension Embedded Facebook content on our list of content types blocked. Additional social networks on our product roadmap. Safari extension Unsupported due to limitations of the current App Extensions architecture, but on our product roadmap to adopt the Web Extensions architecture and add Embedded Social Media Protection. iPhone & iPad app Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Android app Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Mac app Embedded Facebook content on our list of content types blocked. Additional social networks on our product roadmap. Windows app Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Google-Specific Web Tracking Protections Google AMP Protection Google’s Accelereated Mobile Pages (AMP) is marketed as a way to “make it easy to build fast websites” by serving them from Google, but Google can also use AMP to track users who read those pages. To help protect you against this form of Google tracking, we replace most Google AMP links when clicked with the original publisher’s website so publishers can directly serve you these pages, instead of Google. To do this, we extract the original publisher link where possible by recognizing the format of AMP. Otherwise, we load the AMP link in the background, and block all content from loading , separate from your normal browsing experience. This allows us to extract the publisher link, delete all data from that background load and then load the publisher webpage, as normal. This helps protect you from the additional Google tracking that may not be present on the original webpage. We may make a limited exception when this protection would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Chrome extension Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Edge extension Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Opera extension Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Safari extension Unsupported due to limitations of the current App Extensions architecture, but on our product roadmap to adopt the Web Extensions architecture and add Google AMP protection. iPhone & iPad app Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Android app Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Mac app Google AMP links replaced wherever detected. Windows app Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Google Topics Protection Google is attempting to replace 3rd-party cookies within their browser with an alternative tracking mechanism called Topics . For Google Chrome users, Topics can use your Chrome browsing history to automatically infer your interests and align them with a predefined list of topics (for example, “Child Internet Safety” or “Personal Loans”). A subset of this list is shared with websites and other tracking companies so they can target you with ads just as easily — based on your behavior and without your knowledge. The DuckDuckGo Chrome extension disables Topics from running in Google Chrome. We may make a limited exception when this protection would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. You can learn more about Google Topics Protection and review our open source code for this feature. Chrome extension Google Topics disabled. Others Not applicable to other platforms. Google FLEDGE Protection Like Topics, Google FLEDGE is another Google mechanism meant to replace 3rd-party cookies. Its ultimate goal is also to “re-target” you with ads — in other words, letting Google ads follow you from website to website . FLEDGE works directly in the Chrome browser and uses your browsing history to run ad auctions in order to re-target you better and without you realizing it. The DuckDuckGo Chrome extension disables FLEDGE from running in Google Chrome. We may make a limited exception when this protection would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. You can learn more about Google FLEDGE Protection and review our open source code for this feature. Chrome extension Google FLEDGE disabled. Others Not applicable to other platforms. Google Sign-in Pop-up Protection Aggressive prompts to sign in using your Google Account are commonplace across the most popular websites, often popping up as soon as a website loads.Opting to sign in using your Google Account can give Google implicit permission to collect even more data about your activity on sites than they would typically have access to when you’re not signed in or if you chose a different sign-in method. To help protect against being misled into unwanted tracking, we block these annoying Google sign-in pop-ups by default on sites Google doesn’t own wherever possible. We may make a limited exception when this protection would prevent you from signing in to a site or to otherwise preserve essential site functionality. That means you can take back your choice to sign in with any account (including a Google Account) and use standard website sign-in forms instead. Firefox extension Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Chrome extension Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Edge extension Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Opera extension Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Safari extension Unsupported due to limitations of the current App Extensions architecture, but on our product roadmap to adopt the Web Extensions architecture and add Google Sign-in Pop-up protection. iPhone & iPad app Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Android app Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Mac app Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Windows app Google sign-in pop-ups hidden wherever detected. Preserving Site Functionality We aim to deliver privacy, simplified. Part of our ethos of simplicity is not breaking website functionality in the process of blocking and restricting trackers. We develop our protections with this mind, and we use the following techniques to further this effort as we continue to expand protections. Surrogates Sometimes sites depend on code that loads from embedded 3rd-party tracking script requests in order to function properly. When our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection stops these from loading, it can cause sites to behave unexpectedly. However, we can sometimes create small pieces of code called “surrogates” that work around this tracker-dependent breakage so that we can still stop those trackers from loading. A surrogate works locally on your device, pretending to be a particular 3rd-party tracking script without actually doing any tracking. Surrogates replicate the expected script’s API structure with all tracking components removed, including any remote server calls. This lets us neutralize the parts that would have tried to track you while allowing websites to load and function properly. You can review our open source code for this feature. Surrogates are not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list. Chrome extension Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list. Edge extension Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list. Opera extension Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list. Safari extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. iPhone & iPad app Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list, but some usability issues may still occur due to platform limitations that cause 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection to block scripts before we have a chance to apply Surrogates. Android app Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list. Mac app Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list, but some usability issues may still occur due to platform limitations that cause 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection to block scripts before we have a chance to apply Surrogates. Windows app Surrogates preserve privacy and usability for tracker-dependent breakage on our list. Remotely Configured Exceptions If you’re using our app or extension and suspect that a website usability issue was caused by one of the Web Tracking Protections detailed on this page, you can let us know by submitting a Broken Site Report. You can also temporarily disable DuckDuckGo’s Privacy Protection for individual websites to troubleshoot the issue you’re experiencing. We review user-reported Broken Site Reports daily, and work to address these usability issues continuously. When one of our Web Tracking Protections causes issues to occur (for example, if users can’t sign in or can’t use a popular website), we may add a site domain or cookie to a temporary exclusion list for that protection. This preserves essential usability for all users as we work toward a better solution. All of our privacy apps and extensions rely on these open source lists , which vary by platform and protection, to maintain a seamless online experience. All platforms All platforms provide feedback channels for reporting tracker-dependent breakage.Infrastructure Domains Most websites cannot build all of their technology in-house and must rely on 3rd parties for site functionality. We don’t want to penalize websites for using a 3rd party so long as their use of that 3rd party doesn’t help track you across websites. In this way, we hope to encourage good 3rd-party script behaviors over time. We consider some domains on our list to be “Infrastructure Domains,” for example Content Delivery Networks (CDNs) and tag managers, since these domains are often used to load website functionality (i.e., infrastructure, like images, videos, and site elements you interact with) from other 3rd-party domains. However, Infrastructure Domains can be used to load both tracking and non-tracking resources. Because blocking Infrastructure Domains from loading any resources creates significant site breakage and prevents sites from loading resources they rely on, we take the approach of evaluating individual resources loaded from Infrastructure Domains, and apply 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection to those specific resources that we observe participating in tracking, taking into account the potential for site breakage. In addition, we apply our other overlapping protections (like 3rd-Party Cookie Protection ) to Infrastructure Domains directly. For example, a domain that hosts open-source JavaScript libraries would be considered a CDN and thus not blocked by 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection, but any instance of the FingerprintJS fingerprinting library hosted on that domain would be blocked because it’s used to fingerprint you and track you around the web. Likewise, 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection doesn’t apply to Google Tag Manager, as we have not detected the tag manager itself participating in tracking, we’ve observed it associated with breakage on many sites, and it occasionally loads necessary features like site widgets and privacy-friendly analytics libraries. However, we continue to block tracking resources Google Tag Manager may load, such as Google Analytics, and we also block Google Tag Manager itself on sites where we’ve detected embedded fingerprinting code within it. Other Infrastructure Domains are treated similarly. All platforms Infrastructure Domain categorization impacts how we build our tracker lists, which are shared across platforms. DuckDuckGo Private Search Ads Advertising on DuckDuckGo is done in partnership with Microsoft. Viewing ads on DuckDuckGo is anonymous, and Microsoft has committed to not profile our users on ad clicks: “when you click on a Microsoft-provided ad that appears on DuckDuckGo, Microsoft Advertising does not associate your ad-click behavior with a user profile. It also does not store or share that information other than for accounting purposes.” Previously, we were limited in how we could apply our 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection on Microsoft tracking scripts due to a policy requirement related to our use of Bing as a source for our private search results. This is no longer the case and as of October 2022 we block Microsoft scripts from loading on 3rd-party websites in our browsing apps (MacOS, Windows, iOS, and Android) and in our browser extensions (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, and Opera). To be clear, Microsoft scripts were never embedded in our search engine or apps, which do not track you. Companies insert these scripts on their own websites for their own purposes, and so they never sent any information to DuckDuckGo. To evaluate whether an ad on DuckDuckGo is effective, advertisers want to know if their ad clicks turn into purchases (conversions). To see this within Microsoft Advertising, they use Microsoft scripts from the domain. Currently, if an advertiser wants to detect conversions for their own ads that are shown on DuckDuckGo, 3rd-Party Tracker Loading Protection will not block requests from loading on the advertiser’s website following DuckDuckGo ad clicks and 1st-Party Cookie Protection will expire any cookies set by these requests on the advertiser’s website after 7 days, but these requests are blocked in all other contexts. For anyone who wants to avoid this, it’s possible to disable ads in DuckDuckGo search settings. And in any case, our other overlapping protections — including 3rd-Party Cookie Protection and Fingerprinting Protection — continue to apply, even in the context of DuckDuckGo ad clicks. We’ve chosen this approach because it allows us to continue shipping best-in-class privacy protections while working to guide the advertising industry to adopt more privacy-preserving technologies. We envision a future where ad conversion detection can occur anonymously. DuckDuckGo isn’t alone in facing this issue, and the browser community has been working on private ad conversion technologies for several years now. Safari is working on Private Click Measurement (PCM) and Firefox is working on Interoperable Private Attribution (IPA) .This work is important because it means we can improve the advertising-based business model that countless companies rely on to provide you with free services, making it more private instead of throwing it out entirely. We hope these efforts can help move the entire digital ad industry forward and make privacy online the rule rather than the exception. All platforms All platforms support DuckDuckGo Private Search Ads. Everyday Privacy Controls The Fire Button As you visit websites, everyday data, like regular cookies and browser storage, builds up locally in the browser. We’ve made it simple to clear data like this from the DuckDuckGo app’s local storage on your device with the “Fire Button.” The Fire Button erases traces of websites that you’ve visited (like cookies, website caches, and favicons), browsing session information (like open tabs, back button history, and visited URLs), and permissions you’ve granted to websites (like geolocation, camera, and microphone settings). Our apps offer additional control, where you can also make specific sites partially immune to the Fire Button by “Fireproofing” them. Fireproofing a website keeps some helpful data around, like 1st-party cookies and storage that would otherwise be cleared out by the Fire Button, so you can stay signed in. From DuckDuckGo app Settings, you can manage your Fireproof Sites and choose whether you’d like to automatically clear tabs and data on restart. It’s important to note that the Fire Button will not clear the following: 1st-party cookies and storage for Fireproof Sites, bookmarks, downloaded files, or DuckDuckGo Search settings. This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Unsupported Chrome extension Clears all browsing history and data. Can also clear data for a single site or for time periods. History and tab clearing can be disabled in Settings. Edge extension Clears all browsing history and data. Can also clear data for a single site or for time periods. History and tab clearing can be disabled in Settings. Opera extension Clears all browsing history and data. Can also clear data for a single site or for time periods. History and tab clearing can be disabled in Settings. Safari extension Unsupported iPhone & iPad app Clears all browsing history and data. Supports automatic clearing on restart. Android app Clears all browsing history and data. Supports automatic clearing on restart. Mac app Clears all browsing history and data. Can also clear data for visited sites per-tab and per-window. Automatic clearing on restart on our product roadmap. Windows app Clears all browsing history and data. Additional data clearing options on our product roadmap. Cookie Pop-up Management Cookie consent pop-ups often use dark design patterns to get you to accept the least private option. When DuckDuckGo detects a cookie pop-up on sites you visit, we can try to automatically set your cookie preferences to instead maximize privacy and minimize cookies, then close the pop-up. For sites that don’t provide an option to manage cookie preferences, we simply try to hide the pop-up. In these cases, automatically hiding the pop-up is often still more private than selecting one of the limited options made available (e.g., “Accept All Cookies”). We currently offer coverage for approximately 80% of the top 250 websites in the UK and Germany and plan to expand coverage to additional websites over time. Visit Settings in our supported apps and extensions to enable this feature. You can review our open source code for this feature. This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Chrome extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Edge extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Opera extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. Safari extension Unsupported, but on our product roadmap. iPhone & iPad app Minimizes cookies, maximizes privacy, and closes cookie pop-ups on our list. Additional coverage on our product roadmap. Android app Minimizes cookies, maximizes privacy, and closes cookie pop-ups on our list. Platform limitations prevent us from injecting scripts into iframes, which means we can’t handle consent on some sites. Additional coverage on our product roadmap. Mac app Minimizes cookies, maximizes privacy, and closes cookie pop-ups on our list. Additional coverage on our product roadmap. Windows app Minimizes cookies, maximizes privacy, and closes cookie pop-ups on our list. Additional coverage on our product roadmap. Global Privacy Control (GPC) Global Privacy Control (GPC) intends to help you express your opt-out rights automatically by telling websites (through a header and/or JavaScript-based signal) not to sell or share your personal information.Whether it can be used to enforce your legal rights (for example, current or future CCPA, GDPR requirements) depends on the laws in your jurisdiction. You can learn more about GPC and review our open source code for Chrome/Firefox/Edge/Opera , iOS , Android . This type of protection is not offered in most popular browsers by default. Firefox extension GPC signal sent via header and JavaScript to all sites. Chrome extension GPC signal sent via header and JavaScript to all sites. Edge extension GPC signal sent via header and JavaScript to all sites. Opera extension GPC signal sent via header and JavaScript to all sites. Safari extension Unsupported. Platform restricts setting custom headers. iPhone & iPad app GPC signal sent via JavaScript to all sites. Sending GPC header signal only supported for websites known to respect GPC due to platform limitations that would cause page load interruptions during back navigation. Android app GPC signal sent via JavaScript to all sites. Sending GPC header signal only supported for websites known to respect GPC due to platform limitations that would cause page load interruptions during back navigation. Mac app GPC signal sent via JavaScript to all sites. Sending GPC header signal only supported for websites known to respect GPC due to platform limitations that would cause page load interruptions during back navigation. Windows app GPC signal sent via header and JavaScript to all sites. How to Get our Web Tracking Protections To get the privacy protections as described above, install the relevant DuckDuckGo app or extension: Firefox: get the extension | view open source code Chrome: get the extension | view open source code Opera: get the extension | view open source code Safari: get the extension | view open source code iPhone & iPad: get the app | view open source code Android: get the app | view open source code Mac: get the app | read the announcement Windows: get the app | read the announcement If you use another Chromium-based browser like Vivaldi, you can usually install the Chrome version. For questions, comments, or concerns, please feel free to contact us . Prior versions on GitHub .That’s our Privacy Policy in a nutshell. About Us DuckDuckGo (officially, Duck Duck Go, Inc.) has been an independent company since our founding in 2008. While we started as a search engine, our apps and extensions now offer protection well beyond search, including when browsing the web , reading email , and even using other apps . Trackers lurk nearly everywhere online, trying to scoop up your search history, browsing history, location history, and more. Even everyday online activities like purchasing groceries or looking up the local weather can result in dozens of companies tracking you. Other companies track your data — like your search and browse history — to create detailed profiles about you, and then use those profiles to follow you around with ads so creepy it can seem like your devices are listening in on you (even when they aren’t). These profiles are also used by companies to influence what you see online, which can lead to manipulation and discrimination. That’s why we offer an all-in-one privacy product as a privacy preserving alternative to products like Google Search and Google Chrome, to help protect your everyday online activities. Privacy Policy We don’t track you. That’s our Privacy Policy in a nutshell. We don’t save or share your search or browsing history when you search on DuckDuckGo or use our apps and extensions. When you visit our search engine or our other websites, your device sends some information about itself automatically, like its IP address, browser type, and language, and may send additional information upon request like its screen size, operating system, and preferences. However, we only use this information temporarily to deliver content to you and, for security, to ensure you’re not a malicious bot. We don’t save your IP address or any unique identifiers alongside your searches or visits to our websites. We also never log IP addresses or any unique identifiers to disk. This means that when you use our services, we have no way to create a history of your search queries or the sites you browse. For example, we may know that we got a lot of searches for " cute cat pictures " today, but we don’t know who actually performed those searches. That is, viewing search results on DuckDuckGo is anonymous. And we only save these anonymous search queries — completely disconnected from any unique identifiers like IP addresses — for just enough time to analyze anonymous trends like popular searches, so that we can better serve you. For local search results in particular, we've further engineered a solution to shield your precise location from us and our content providers that sends us a random location nearish to you, which we also never log to disk. In the process of delivering our search results and other content, we also prevent our hosting and content providers from creating a history of your searches and browsing. At a technical level, we achieve this by calling for content (for example, images) on your behalf from our servers and then ensuring that content is securely delivered to you through an end-to-end encrypted connection. In order for our product to function, we share anonymous browser and device information with our hosting and content providers for security and display purposes (for example, that you’re using a mobile device), but we never share any information with them that could tie your searches or website visits to you personally, or that could allow them to create a history of your individual search queries or the sites you browse. The Internet works by routing information to you via your device's IP address. As such, we cannot prevent your device's IP address from being seen by your internet service provider, our hosting provider, or other internet providers in between (typically, there are one or more internet providers between any two points on the Internet). That is, these providers necessarily use IP addresses to route information. They may also use them for security purposes, such as preventing network attacks and limiting other fraudulent traffic. However, the encrypted connection between you and us prevents your search queries from being revealed to any of these entities. And if you use our apps and extensions, our Smarter Encryption also helps you use more encrypted connections when visiting other websites. Keep in mind that when you visit other websites by navigating to them directly, by clicking external links on our search engine, or by using our !bang shortcuts , the privacy policies and practices of those other websites apply, including any information you submit to them. While our apps and extensions provide many safeguards against online tracking, we can’t completely protect you when you visit other websites and apps. For example, if you browse Facebook, Facebook will know what you do on their site. Our Web Tracking Protections page details how our various protections function and their limitations.We make money through private search ads. It is a myth that search engines need to track you to make money. We make our money from private search ads on our search engine. On most other search engines, ads are influenced by profiles compiled from your personal information, such as search, browsing, and purchase history. Since we don’t have that information, search ads on DuckDuckGo are based on the search results page you’re viewing, and not based on you as a person. For example, if you search for cars, we’ll show you ads about cars. Viewing ads on DuckDuckGo Search is anonymous, like the rest of our search results (as described above). Ad clicks are managed by Microsoft's ad network and Microsoft has committed to not associate your ad-click behavior with a user profile and to not store or share that information other than for accounting purposes. We offer optional privacy-protecting features that require limited personal information to function. For optional features, we only request personal information necessary for the feature to function and only use the information for that purpose. Before you opt in to any optional feature, we always let you know what personal information we’ll need (if any), how we’ll use it, and how you can subsequently opt out. For example, our Email Protection is an optional feature that requires some personal information to work (namely, your email address), and all of this is explained in our Email Protection Privacy Policy . We improve our product by using anonymous methods and by considering publicly available information. To improve and promote our product, we develop and use only anonymous methods to learn key insights. For example, we design anonymous experiments to test different designs. We also observe what people are saying about our product across social channels and may search for, review, and share this publicly available information internally for consideration. We don’t track you through cookies or any other storage methods. We offer a variety of search settings that use anonymous cookies for storage, and also offer the option to configure search settings via anonymous URL parameters if you prefer. Similarly, we use local storage on your device for anonymous display settings. For instance, we might use local storage to anonymously remember the fact that you’ve already dismissed a prompt to install our app so that we don’t annoy you by showing it again. Related, the anonymous experiments described in the section above sometimes require us to use browser storage too, but we never store any information that could identify you or your searches. For example, we might use storage to make sure a design we’re testing doesn’t frequently change on you. Finally, if you use optional features, such as staying signed in to our Email Protection, we use only the minimal necessary storage to allow that feature to perform. We protect and limit use of your data when you communicate directly with DuckDuckGo. If you voluntarily provide personal information to us directly, we protect and limit its use. We will limit its use by only keeping it for as long necessary for the stated purpose, and we will protect it by keeping it secure and deleting it when it is no longer required, unless a longer period is required by law. For example, if you opt to receive our privacy newsletter , we will ask for your email address and use it only to deliver that content. You can also unsubscribe at any time, at which point we will delete it. Similarly, if you reach out to us directly for support, to provide feedback (such as in a crash report or on our search engine), or for other reasons, we will only use your contact information to respond to you. In that process, your communication may be accessible to the software-as-a-service providers we use in our corporate systems (such as our company email and project management software). For information voluntarily provided in surveys, we sometimes use additional vendors for processing, though their access to personal information is contractually limited to what is necessary to perform their services. Finally, if you apply for a position on our team, any information you provide falls under our Recruiting Information Policy . We respect and support your legal privacy rights. Critically, it's not possible for us to provide search or browsing histories linked to you in response to legal requests because we don't have them. Nevertheless, we will vigorously resist government efforts to compel us to produce the very limited personal information that we might have, for example, your email address if you subscribe to our newsletter. Related, there are scenarios where we may transfer this limited personal information (for example, your email address) to countries other than the country in which it was received.For example, we have servers across the world and while your device will typically try to automatically connect to regional servers (e.g., European servers in Europe, U.S. servers in the U.S.), you could be using a VPN from another country. Additionally, DuckDuckGo team members are also distributed worldwide, and while we have robust security and access controls in place, authorized team members access DuckDuckGo servers as necessary to operate our services. In such scenarios, if any cross-border transfers are necessary, we will follow applicable legal requirements. Privacy laws in some jurisdictions provide certain rights with respect to the limited personal information we may hold about you from our optional features or from your reaching out to contact us. For information about these rights, such as requesting deletion or a copy of your personal information, please review our Privacy Rights page . We do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children. Our apps and website are intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13. We do not sell your personal information. We have never sold any personal information. Period. We will post a notice on this page when our policy is updated. We will notify you of changes by posting the modified version on our website. We will indicate the date it was last modified below with an update message on top. About Follow Us Our Story DuckDuckGo is the Internet privacy company for everyone who’s had enough of hidden online tracking and wants to take back their privacy now. For over a decade, we’ve built products, created new technology, and worked with policymakers to make online privacy simple and accessible for all. Every day, millions of people rely on our free all-in-one app (Web and App Tracking Protection, Smarter Encryption, Private Search, Email Protection, and more) to stay more private online. Privacy, simplified.DuckDuckGo Privacy Essentials offered by duckduckgo.com (1989) 6,000,000+ users Overview Simple and seamless privacy protection for your browser. Website Report Abuse Additional Information Version: 2023.8.2 Updated: August 2, 2023 Size: 2.58MiB Languages: See all 33 Developer 20 Paoli Pike Paoli, PA 19301-1830 US Bahasa Indonesia, Deutsch, English, English (UK), Français, Nederlands, Norsk, Türkçe, català, dansk, eesti, español, hrvatski, italiano, latviešu, lietuvių, magyar, polski, português (Portugal), română, slovenský, slovenščina, suomi, svenska, čeština, Ελληνικά, български, русский, ‫العربية, 中文 (简体), 中文 (繁體), 日本語, 한국어 Chrome Web Store Show: All Sort by: Recommended My Extensions & Apps Language: English (United States) Location: United States Developer Dashboard Help Sign in with another account... Sign out Switch to Chrome? You will need to switch to Chrome to install most extensions and themes. DuckDuckGo Privacy Essentials DuckDuckGo Privacy Essentials Created by the owner of the listed website. The publisher has a good record with no history of violations. Learn more duckduckgo.com Follows recommended practices for Chrome extensions. Learn more Featured 1,989 Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . 5,000,000+ users Available on Chrome Overview Privacy practices Reviews Support Related Overview Simple and seamless privacy protection for your browser. Read more Read less Additional Information Website Report abuse Version 2023.8.2 Updated August 2, 2023 Size 2.58MiB Languages See all 33 Developer 20 Paoli Pike Paoli, PA 19301-1830 US This developer has identified itself as a trader per the definition from the European Union. Related Ad Added NoScript 187 Ad Added Cultivate: Shop Local, Shop Deals, Shop Smart 103 Ad Added Qwant VIPrivacy 287 Ad Added Simplify Gmail 552 Ad Added Joplin Web Clipper 81 Ad Added Bookmarks clean up 493 Ad Added PixelBlock 191 Ad Added Forget — clear history with one click 22 Ad Added Privacy Badger 1,694 Ad Added De-Mainstream YouTube™ 145 Ad Added Cookie AutoDelete 446 Ad Added Disconnect 3,146 Ad Added Swisscows 27 Ad Added Proton Pass: Free Password Manager 179 Ad Added Startpage — Private Search Engine 58 Ad Added ClearURLs 159 Ad Added Decentraleyes 212 Ad Added SimpleLogin:Receive & Send emails anonymously 63 Ad Added Terms of Service; Didn’t Read 128 Ad Added Startpage Privacy Protection 46 Ad Added Extensity 1,612 Ad Added xBrowserSync 124 Ad Added NewsGuard 514 Ad Added Unshorten.link 92 Ad Added NoScript 187 Ad Added Cultivate: Shop Local, Shop Deals, Shop Smart 103 Ad Added Qwant VIPrivacy 287 Ad Added Simplify Gmail 552 Ad Added Joplin Web Clipper 81 Ad Added Bookmarks clean up 493 Ad Added PixelBlock 191 Ad Added Forget — clear history with one click 22 Ad Added Privacy Badger 1,694 Ad Added De-Mainstream YouTube™ 145 Ad Added Cookie AutoDelete 446 Ad Added Disconnect 3,146 Ad Added Swisscows 27 Ad Added Proton Pass: Free Password Manager 179 Privacy practices The developer has disclosed that it will not collect or use your data To learn more, see the developer's privacy policy This developer declares that your data is: Not being sold to third parties, outside of the approved use cases Not being used or transferred for purposes that are unrelated to the item's core functionalityNot being used or transferred to determine creditworthiness or for lending purposes User Reviews English (United States) Recent Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Abdallah Nickner Jul 11, 2023 It forces the DuckDuckGo Search Engine onto you. You cannot change it unless you remove the extension. What a waste. Could have actually been a good extension. Google is better for general searches, DuckDuckGo when Google fails you. Was this review helpful? Yes No Trudie Carter 16 hours ago Unfortunately, this is not in our control. Chrome automatically disables the extension when users change the default search engine. We have a few search features that you might be interested in to get the most out of your search experience: https://duckduckgo.com/duckduckgo-help-pages/results/ Was this review helpful? Yes No Martin Georgiev Jul 4, 2023 Changing default search with no option to set it back is a no-no. Was this review helpful? Yes No Stéphane Busso Jul 3, 2023 Why is this overriding the default search without asking? I installed the extension as it was required for other things not to take over my browser search. Was this review helpful? Yes No Mark Willis Modified Jul 2, 2023 Really great Google Chrome extension.However, it is causing dates to appear incorrectly in Zoho CRM - I eventually figured out DDG was the Google Chrome extension causing the problem and have had to disable this great browser extension completely because of this. I wish this extension allowed me to somehow exclude specific sites when the extension causes an issue. I hope DuckDuckGo gives us this option in the future and I will revise my review to five stars Was this review helpful? Yes No Eric Picard Jun 19, 2023 I believe they have a feature that allows you to do that. In the desktop chrome extension you just go to the site you're using, and you turn Protections OFF for this site (it defaults to ON and is a blue toggle switch.) You should also select the Website not working as expected link. If you download their app on Desktop or mobile you also have the option to Fireproof a site - which means they don't delete your cookies for that site and keep you signed in. Was this review helpful? Yes No Randy Nilsson Jun 29, 2023 Would like to see duck duck go provide maping services. Google has become totally useless for me. Was this review helpful? Yes No Jennifer Jul 20, 2023 I use Waze on my desktop and cell phone. Life saver. Was this review helpful? Yes No Courtney Graham Jun 28, 2023 I used to love DuckDuckGo and the privacy it added. I like that I didn't have to think about all the advertisements and stuff that I may be targeted with, but over the past week or so, it has become disappointing. It slows down and gives me that a search cannot be completed, it won't reload, and I repeatedly have to check my connections to see if it's my wireless or the program. I don't know if the servers have been off line, but I can't do my work from home with these interruptions in data flow, so I'm having to stop using the extension until DuckDuckGo can get their stuff together. Was this review helpful? Yes No ersin karakadıoğlu Jun 18, 2023 It's significantly slowing down web canvas games, please fix. Was this review helpful? Yes No Ken Worthy Jun 15, 2023 It is currently interfering with use of Canvas Learning Management System (pages take a very long time to load). Must disable. I wish I could disable only for that system. Was this review helpful? Yes No Paweł Samselski May 26, 2023 Best privacy extension out there Was this review helpful? Yes No Memesios 10 Apr 29, 2023 it used to work fine but now it stays grayed out and when i click it, it's just blank Was this review helpful? Yes No Josh Klotia Modified Apr 25, 2023 it's such a good web browser Was this review helpful? Yes No Luke Eros Apr 17, 2023 I like this extension a lot for its blocking capabilities but I DON'T like that it forces me to use ddg search engine from the address bar without the option to change it! Was this review helpful? Yes No Ethan Jun 12, 2023 You can simply type "!g" before you search on the address bar to search on google. ex. !g apple Was this review helpful? Yes No Rose May 3, 2023 ddg IS a search engine! it is a non-tracking search engine. You can turn it off to go back to your other search engine ... Was this review helpful? Yes No Trina Holden Mar 30, 2023 It won't let Zoom connect with Facebook. When the extension is enabled I can't go live on Facebook from Zoom. If I turn off the extension, it works fine. Was this review helpful? Yes No MatTheHat May 26, 2023 It's because it blocks trackers, and facebook is probably the biggest online tracker there is. Was this review helpful? Yes No Mahadevan Subramanian Mar 30, 2023 This DuckDuckGo extension blocks genuine sites like my.cigna.com that caters to a lot of people for their health insurance information. Multiple critical assets like "/public/digital-experience/js/common.js" are blocked unnecessarily and if it is blocked functionality of the website is affected. There is no customer support option to relay these concerns. Was this review helpful? Yes No Veroxeon Apr 17, 2023 you can just whitelist the website where DDG wont block it Was this review helpful? Yes No mark astley Mar 25, 2023 For some reason I'm now getting adverts or spam emails when i am using social media. WHY????? Was this review helpful? Yes No co mo Mar 13, 2023 forced to use ddg as search engine, no way to cancel it except off the extention. what a suck way . Was this review helpful? Yes No Charles Tilley (Cat) Mar 31, 2023 You can still use the Google home page w/out turning off the DDG extension. Furthermore, there's other extensions that'll also help with privacy. Just have to experiment & see which ones works best for you & the sites you visit. Was this review helpful? Yes No foursplays games Feb 26, 2023 A search engine that does not track my privacy good job duckduckgo Was this review helpful? Yes No 슬애기 Feb 25, 2023 Censored search engines and always inaccurate results. Was this review helpful?Yes No MatTheHat May 26, 2023 If by censored you mean it censors what you search, that is quite the opposite. Google truly is a censored search engine. Was this review helpful? Yes No Philippe Morange Feb 16, 2023 Wanted to use email protection from DuckDuckGo, but the extension forces me to also use their search engine. I only want the email protection, not the search engine function, but can't get one without the other... so uninstalling the extension and looking for another email protection provider... Was this review helpful? Yes No Silas Yan Modified Feb 10, 2023 DuckDuckGo isn't a good name, how about named DuckDuckbing. I don't see any different from Bing. All you got is preventing Google track. And forces you to set DuckDuckGo as default browser. How dare you!!! Was this review helpful? Yes No Tahir Immac Feb 10, 2023 Nice Was this review helpful? Yes No Yakki Bytes Jan 5, 2023 The best search engine on the planet. I've stopped using google completely and couldn't be more pleased. Thank u DDG! Was this review helpful? Yes No Juan Hunter Jan 3, 2023 After further research I see that DDG sold out its users to microsoft. Was this review helpful? Yes No Trudie Carter Feb 3, 2023 Hi, we're doing more to prevent Microsoft tracking than most major browsers by default. Check out our blog post for more info: https://spreadprivacy.com/more-privacy-and-transparency/ Was this review helpful? Yes No Jacob Reich Jan 16, 2023 "DuckDuckGo's search syndication deal with Microsoft is the root of an issue leading to data being tracked in the company's allegedly private mobile web browser. It was discovered this week that DuckDuckGo's mobile browser transfers data to Microsoft-owned properties when visiting certain websites." Was this review helpful? Yes No Leon M Jan 4, 2023 Where have you read about this? Was this review helpful? Yes No Day C Dec 21, 2022 "Privacy" extension reads all your data (browsing activity) Theres better do not track options out there that dont defeat their purpose for privacy google will also know all your browse searches when using DDG engine Function: Lowers trackers, but def not 100% Was this review helpful? Yes No Zhu Shimin Jan 7, 2023 It needs to "read and change browsing data" so that it can remove trackers. "Read and change browsing data" means that the website you are browsing is different than it normally would be. In this case, the website you are visiting would not have the trackers that it originally had. Was this review helpful? Yes No Aaron Rye Jan 6, 2023 How do you know that google can still see your searches? Was this review helpful? Yes No Sarwar Sateer Dec 13, 2022 Unfortunately, this extension doesn't allow the live chats on most of the websites. I have been blaming some of the hosting companies if they disable Live support. but after trying hours of time I figured out. the problem was with your extension. Please fix that ASAP. Solution for now: disabled the extension. Thanks Was this review helpful? Yes No 1 - 25 of 413 Next » No Comments No other users have posted reviews. Rate this extension Your review Submitted by other users All No other users have posted comments. duckduckgo can't dowload program Posted by Jennifer Burkett - yesterday How to add a site back to my most visited I removed a site from my most visited. (I clicked the X), but I need to get it back. I want it to show up on my most visited. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but that did not help. When I uninstalled, the site did show up on my Google homepage. When I reinstalled, it did not show up on my DuckDuckGo homepage. Thank you, Margaret Posted by Margaret “Margo” Pritchett - 6 days ago The home tab Please instead of leaving recently visited pages on the homepage, let https://duckduckgo.com/ Posted by Minh Công - 3 weeks ago Remove extension Please help to remove duck duck go extension on android Posted by Puspendra Singh Gurjar - Jul 11 To remove an extension from your Android device, follow these steps: 1. Open the Google Chrome app 2. Tap the More menu (three dots in the upper-right corner) 3. Tap Extensions 4. Tap the trash can icon next to the extension you want to remove 5. Tap Remove in the confirmation window Note: Some extensions may not be able to be removed due to Android restrictions. Posted by Alhasan Hayder - 4 weeks ago font size has been reuced too small to read Only my DuckDuckgo has dropped the size of the font and or searched material so small I can't read it with out a magnifying glass. Reinstalling hasn't help. It must be somthing I did but i don't know what.Any help?Posted by jim - Jul 10 some sites will not load sense the upgrade When using a VPN but will load with VPN off Posted by Arthur Davidson - Jul 9 did latest update now nothing loads before i was able to use duckduckgo well now it will not lot a page on chromebook app Posted by Bryce Jardine - Jun 27 Online banking problem I am unable to access my bank online and they say it's DDG that is the issue. When I disabled DDG I was able to access the bank. Please fix this. Posted by Barbara Reed - Jun 25 extension breaks the timesheet widget of atlassion confluence see subject. apparently it blocks some requests. changing "site access" to on click avoids the problem Posted by Jan Doms - Jun 20 Application (javascript) overlays in eBay Motors no longer show the content When I try to edit an eBay Motors listing to add more applications, the selected applications no longer show up at all. Something has changed because it used to work fine with this browser extension (and still works fine in other browsers OR if I disable this extension.) Thanks for your attention to this matter. Posted by Super Kru - Jun 15 1 - 10 of 214 Next » If you are experiencing any problems with this extension or have questions or suggestions for the developer, please fill out the form. Contact the publisher Ad Added Forget — clear history with one click 22 Ad Added Privacy Badger 1,694 Ad Added De-Mainstream YouTube™ 145 Ad Added Cookie AutoDelete 446 Ad Added Disconnect 3,146 Ad Added Swisscows 27 Ad Added Proton Pass: Free Password Manager 179 Ad Added Startpage — Private Search Engine 58 Ad Added ClearURLs 159 Ad Added Decentraleyes 212 Ad Added SimpleLogin:Receive & Send emails anonymously 63 Ad Added Terms of Service; Didn’t Read 128 Ad Added Startpage Privacy Protection 46 Ad Added Extensity 1,612 Ad Added xBrowserSync 124 Ad Added NewsGuard 514 Simple and seamless privacy protection for your browser. Available on Chrome Extensions Clear Themes Apps Games Site Lists for Kids Types Clear Chrome Apps Websites Categories All Recommended for you Accessibility Blogging Developer Tools Fun News & Weather Photos Productivity Search Tools Shopping Social & Communication Sports Features Clear Runs Offline By Google Free of charge Available for Android Works with Google Drive Ratings Clear & up & up & up Ad Added Ad Added Ad Added Ad Added Ad Added Ad Added Ad Added Recommended For You View all Ad Added Sample and edit audio directly from your browser Sample 992 Ad Added Change the web at will with userscripts Tampermonkey 70,614 Ad Added Browse and download images on the web Image Downloader 2,349 Ad Added Skip sponsorships, subscription begging and more on YouTube videos. Report sponsors on videos you watch to save others' time. SponsorBlock for YouTube - Skip Sponsorships 1,743 Ad Added Uncover the secrets to success behind your favorite YouTube videos. vidIQ Vision for YouTube 9,483 Ad Added Take a Speedtest directly from your toolbar to quickly test your internet performance without interruption. Speedtest by Ookla 2,937 Ad Added View translations easily as you browse the web. By the Google Translate team. Google Translate 42,168 Ad Added Input Tools lets you type in the language of your choice. Google Input Tools 5,225 Favorites of 2022 View all Extensions that made our year Ad Added The perfect tool for players & traders. RoPro adds dozens of useful features to Roblox. RoPro - Enhance Your Roblox Experience 22,894 Ad Added The world’s best tab manager Workona Tab Manager 3,240 Ad Added Automatically create APA style, MLA format, and Harvard referencing style citations with our citation generator add-on for Chrome. MyBib: Free Citation Generator 1,202 Ad Added Boost browsing productivity with mouse navigation shortcuts - simple Mouse Gestures, Super Drag, Wheel Gestures, Rocker Gestures. CrxMouse Chrome™ Gestures 11,221 Ad Added Save 95% time of understanding English content by applying AI eJOY AI Dictionary 4,429 Ad Added Make ChatGPT responses directly on your page, even on YouTube! ChatGPT account is not required with LINER Copilot. LINER ChatGPT: AI Copilot for Web&YouTube 5,737 Ad Added Accelerate your writing with AI Compose AI: AI-powered Writing Tool 174 Ad Added Create beautiful how-to guides with perfectly cropped screenshots, in seconds. Tango: How-to guides and SOPs, in seconds 300 Extensions Starter Kit View all Do more with your browser Ad Added View translations easily as you browse the web. By the Google Translate team. Google Translate 42,168 Ad Added Save money and earn rewards when you shop online.PayPal Honey: Automatic Coupons & Cash Back 168,785 Ad Added Schedule Zoom meetings directly from Google Calendar Zoom Chrome Extension 908 Ad Added Save web content or screen capture directly to Google Drive. Save to Google Drive 4,763 Ad Added Replace new tab page with a personal dashboard to help you get focused, stay organized, and keep motivated to achieve your goals. Momentum 13,782 Ad Added Make web pages printer-friendly and convert them to PDFs. Easily remove ads and navigation, and customize what you print or PDF. PrintFriendly - Print and PDF Web Pages 2,351 Ad Added Organize work and life with Todoist for Chrome Todoist for Chrome 50,617 Ad Added Quickly find open tabs, see all windows in one view, find duplicates and limit tabs per window. The best Tab Manager for Chrome. Tab Manager Plus for Chrome 791 Everyone's Favorites View all Popular picks to try now Ad Added View translations easily as you browse the web. By the Google Translate team. Google Translate 42,168 Ad Added Save money and earn rewards when you shop online. PayPal Honey: Automatic Coupons & Cash Back 168,785 Ad Added Save to Google Keep in a single click! Google Keep Chrome Extension 7,623 Ad Added Fun custom cursors for Chrome™. Use a large collection of free cursors or upload your own. Custom Cursor for Chrome™ 44,561 Ad Added Replace new tab page with a personal dashboard to help you get focused, stay organized, and keep motivated to achieve your goals. Momentum 13,782 Ad Added Play over 50 levels of box-jumping madness! Design and share your own levels. Boxel Rebound 7,961 Ad Added Organize work and life with Todoist for Chrome Todoist for Chrome 50,617 Ad Added Improve your writing with Grammarly's communication assistance—including spell check, grammar check, punctuation check, and more. Grammarly: Grammar Checker and AI Writing App 41,926 Measure your Online Presence View all Useful social and SEO tools Ad Added Uncover the secrets to success behind your favorite YouTube videos. vidIQ Vision for YouTube 9,483 Ad Added Keyword Surfer allows you to generate keyword ideas and see search volumes directly in Google search results. Keyword Surfer 913 Ad Added See the best of Social Blade Stats right on YouTube, TwitchTV Social Blade 1,052 Ad Added Get SEO insights at the click of a button to any website you're currently on. Built by full-time SEO's for daily analysis. Detailed SEO Extension 83 Ad Added Browser Extension for YouTube Creators TubeBuddy 8,225 Ad Added Instant website analysis, including site rank, site traffic, sources and geography. Similarweb - Traffic Rank & Website Analysis 2,341 Ad Added SEOquake is a free plugin that provides you with key SEO metrics, along with other useful tools such as SEO Audit and many others SEOquake 2,461 Ad Added SEO Minion helps you in your daily SEO tasks such as On-Page SEO analysis, Broken Link Checking, SERP Preview and more SEO Minion 722 Travel Smarter View all Extensions to plan your trip Ad Added View translations easily as you browse the web. By the Google Translate team. Google Translate 42,168 Ad Added Translator, Dictionary, Voice ImTranslator: Translator, Dictionary, TTS 4,977 Ad Added Tripadvisor's official browser extension. Know Better, Book Better, Go Better Tripadvisor Browser Button 101 Ad Added Currency conversion extension for Google Chrome and Edge browser that is based on the Chromium open-source project. Currency Converter Widget - Exchange Rates 604 Ad Added We compare cheap flights from the best travel agencies. CheaperThere | Cheap Flight & Hotel Deals 31 Ad Added Explore new places through Rimor by Expedia Rimor by Expedia 31 Ad Added Keep all your travel ideas in one place. Portico Ad Added The easiest, fastest way to capture articles, videos, and more. Save to Pocket 7,772 Writing Essentials View all Eliminate typos and grammatical errors Ad Added Input Tools lets you type in the language of your choice. Google Input Tools 5,225 Ad Added View definitions easily as you browse the web. Google Dictionary (by Google) 13,660 Ad Added Improve Your Writing with QuillBot’s Grammar Checker, Paraphrasing Tool & Summarizer QuillBot: AI Grammar and Writing Tool 436 Ad Added Your thoughts in words. Wordtune - AI-powered Writing Companion 2,340 Ad Added Accelerate your writing with AI Compose AI: AI-powered Writing Tool 174 Ad Added Magical’s free AI writer & text expander automates repetitive tasks, all powered by Open AI tools like ChatGPT and GPT4. Magical: ChatGPT AI Writer & Text Expander 2,971 Ad Added Translate words and phrases while browsing the web, and easily replenish your foreign languages dictionary using flashcards.Rememberry - Translate and Memorize 817 Ad Added Your AI Personal Assistant for web browsing, content creation, online research, task automation, and more – all in one extension. HyperWrite - AI Assistant 82 Accessibility Extensions View all Adapt Chrome to your needs Ad Added View translations easily as you browse the web. By the Google Translate team. Google Translate 42,168 Ad Added Input Tools lets you type in the language of your choice. Google Input Tools 5,225 Ad Added View definitions easily as you browse the web. Google Dictionary (by Google) 13,660 Ad Added Read aloud the current web-page article with one click, using text to speech (TTS). Supports 40+ languages. Read Aloud: A Text to Speech Voice Reader 2,704 Ad Added Stay focused and improve productivity with our key features: Custom blocklist, Scheduled site blocking and Password protection BlockSite: Block Websites & Stay Focused 26,448 Ad Added Postlight Reader - Clear away the clutter from all of your articles. Instantly. Postlight Reader 1,704 Ad Added A feature-packed distraction-free web reader with dyslexia support and research tools Reader Mode 92 Ad Added Read two or three times faster, with SwiftRead. Absorb knowledge and learn more. SwiftRead - read faster, learn more 1,086 Customize Your New Tab Page View all Pictures, weather updates, to-do lists and more Ad Added Replace new tab page with a personal dashboard to help you get focused, stay organized, and keep motivated to achieve your goals. Momentum 13,782 Ad Added A new friend in every tab. Tabby Cat 5,509 Ad Added Art masterpieces from Google Arts & Culture in your browser tabs Google Arts & Culture 1,593 Ad Added The world’s best tab manager Workona Tab Manager 3,240 Ad Added Learn how to meditate, mindfulness, stress less. Nature sounds, live wallpapers and more. NimbusMind: Meditation, Relax, and Calm 42 Ad Added The New Tab Extension for Developers Initab 89 Ad Added Experience a beautiful image from Google Earth every time you open a new tab. Earth View from Google Earth 5,187 Ad Added Better than bookmarks. Organize your browser tabs and access them quickly anywhere. Toby for Chrome 2,938 Chrome Toolkit View all Calculators, clocks, calendars and more Ad Added View definitions easily as you browse the web. Google Dictionary (by Google) 13,660 Ad Added Take a Speedtest directly from your toolbar to quickly test your internet performance without interruption. Speedtest by Ookla 2,937 Ad Added Make web pages printer-friendly and convert them to PDFs. Easily remove ads and navigation, and customize what you print or PDF. PrintFriendly - Print and PDF Web Pages 2,351 Ad Added Schedule meetings without the hassle. Never get double booked. Calendly works with your calendar to automate appointment scheduling. Calendly: Meeting Scheduling Software 126 Ad Added Magical’s free AI writer & text expander automates repetitive tasks, all powered by Open AI tools like ChatGPT and GPT4. Magical: ChatGPT AI Writer & Text Expander 2,971 Ad Added All-in-one bookmark manager Raindrop.io 630 Ad Added Awesome Scientific Calculator for Google Chrome Scientific Calculator 88 Ad Added Advanced Eyedropper, Color Picker, Gradient Generator and other colorful goodies ColorZilla 2,954 Capture Your Screen View all Take screenshots and videos with ease Ad Added Capture a screenshot of your current page in entirety and reliably—without requesting any extra permissions! GoFullPage - Full Page Screen Capture 69,838 Ad Added Record screencasts - record video from your screen. Screen Capture FULL Web page or any part. Edit screenshots. Nimbus Screenshot & Screen Video Recorder 16,995 Ad Added Free and easy to use screen recorder and screen capture tool. Take screenshot or screen record, edit, download, and share Scrnli Screen Recorder & Screen Capture App 9,401 Ad Added Record and share unlimited free video messages from your browser Vimeo Record - Screen & Webcam Recorder 1,611 Ad Added Record your screen or webcam, share your video and track who's watching it! Vidyard - Webcam & Screen Recorder for Sales 1,437 Ad Added Best screen recorder for Chrome. Create, edit, and share your professional looking videos instantly. Hippo Video: Video and Screen Recorder 1,639 Ad Added Record video, screen, or both. Track views and chat live while they watch. Video & Screen Recorder for Work - Drift 671 Ad Added Eliminate live meetings, share feedback with screen recording and voiceovers, and stay on track with smart reminders. Free to use. Bubbles Async Video Collaboration 102 Editors' Picks View all Handpicked by Chrome Editors Ad Added Schedule Zoom meetings directly from Google Calendar Zoom Chrome Extension 908 Ad Added Auto-generate step-by-step guides, just by clicking record. Save your team 20+ hours/month vs.video and text tutorials. Scribe: AI Documentation, SOPs & Screenshots 427 Ad Added Mote - fast, friendly voice messaging Mote: voice notes & feedback 139 Ad Added Replace new tab page with a personal dashboard to help you get focused, stay organized, and keep motivated to achieve your goals. Momentum 13,782 Ad Added Capture a screenshot of your current page in entirety and reliably—without requesting any extra permissions! GoFullPage - Full Page Screen Capture 69,838 Ad Added Dark mode for every website. Take care of your eyes, use dark theme for night and daily browsing. Dark Reader 10,580 Ad Added Your thoughts in words. Wordtune - AI-powered Writing Companion 2,340 Ad Added Use our Web Clipper to save any website into Notion. Notion Web Clipper 435 Darken Your Browser View all Night mode, screen shaders, and more Ad Added Dark mode for every website. Take care of your eyes, use dark theme for night and daily browsing. Dark Reader 10,580 Ad Added The entire page will be fading to dark, so you can watch the videos as if you were in the cinema. Works for YouTube™ and beyond. Turn Off the Lights 33,470 Ad Added Shades Chrome to a soothing orange color to decrease eye-strain, eye fatigue and to appease your brain's day/night cycle. Screen Shader | Smart Screen Tinting 1,417 Ad Added A global dark theme for the web. Dark Mode 1,824 Ad Added Unofficial Messenger dark mode. Easily swap between dark and light mode. Charcoal: Dark Mode for Messenger 261 Ad Added Switch all websites to dark mode. You can darken all sites and also customize colors for the sites you want. Super Dark Mode 6,772 Ad Added Dark mode for Google Docs! Google Docs Dark Mode 899 Ad Added A neutral new tab page accented with a chosen colour. Customise the layout, style, background and bookmarks in nightTab. nightTab 344 Chrome Developer Tools View all Ad Added Redux DevTools for debugging application's state changes. Redux DevTools 674 Ad Added Modify HTTP request headers, response headers, and redirect URLs ModHeader - Modify HTTP headers 690 Ad Added Discover what runs a website. Frameworks, Analytics Tools, Wordpress Plugins, Fonts - you name it. WhatRuns 383 Ad Added The Query & Answer System for the Coder Community Grepper 386 Ad Added Show multiple screens once, Responsive design tester Responsive Viewer 175 Ad Added Build, Test & Debug web applications 10x faster with API Client, Mock Server, Intercept & Modify HTTP Requests & Session Recording. Requestly: Open Source HTTPs Debugging Proxy 1,047 Ad Added Open source browser design tools VisBug 219 Ad Added Test SEO/speed/security of 100s of pages in a click! Check broken links, HTML/JavaScript/CSS, URL redirects, duplicate titles... Checkbot: SEO, Web Speed & Security Tester 🚀 876 See More Rate it... Your Google Account profile picture and name will be shown An error occurred while publishing your review. Please try again later. Your review has been deleted. Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews . Google doesn't verify reviews. Learn more about results and reviews .6 Google search alternatives that respect your privacy Between Google Search, Gmail, Google Maps, and all the rest, the tech giant knows a ton about you. Let’s not forget about YouTube, the second-largest search site behind Google. I recently showed you how you could take control of what appears when you search for yourself. Once you find what’s publicly available about you, take steps to delete anything that doesn’t sit well with you, from images of your home to personal photos. Here’s my guide to doing an exhaustive search : All this tracking and information gathering might have you looking for solid alternatives to Google. If you’re ready to make a change, try a few out and see what you like. 1. StartPage StartPage calls itself “the world's most private search engine." The Netherlands-based company recognizes that when it comes to search, it's hard to beat Google. That's why they use the power of Google without passing along user tracking. StartPage pays Google for the use of its search algorithm but strips out the tracking and advertising that usually comes along with it. You get a Google-like experience, along with the promise that your data will never be stored, tracked, or sold. Test it out at startpage.com. You can also set StartPage as your browser’s default search engine. NOT JUST SEARCH: Want to ditch Google Chrome and Gmail, too? Here are some great alternative browsers, email services, maps apps and more. 2. Ecosia Ecosia takes an entirely different approach. It’s a traditional search engine, ads and all, but the money raised is used to make the world a greener place. When you search on Ecosia, you’re helping to plant trees all around the world. A nice bonus if you’re privacy-conscious: Ecosia doesn’t sell your data, searches are encrypted, and search data is anonymized within a week. They do collect “a small amount of data” by default, but you can opt-out. Search on ecostia.org or you can add an extension to your computer or mobile browser. 3. Dogpile While Google uses an algorithm to sort through billions of webpages, Dogpile instead fetches results from the major search engines. Google, Yahoo, Bing, and the rest have their ways of sorting through results, and Dogpile analyzes them all to help you find what you're seeking. Try it out at dogpile.com. Type in what you want to search and hit “Go Fetch!” 4. DuckDuckGo This search site is the likely most well-known privacy-focused one of the bunch. DuckDuckGo doesn’t track users, so it’s not clear exactly how many people use it. However, the CEO estimates about 25 million users. Why does it stand out? DuckDuckGo doesn’t track you the way Google does, it doesn't allow targeted advertising, research results are not based on your search history, and you'll see fewer ads based on your search. It’s easy to use and install, too, with an extension that plugs in with all the major browsers. You can also search at duckduckgo.com . BROWSER SHOWDOWN: Which web browser reigns supreme? W e compare Chrome, Safari, Fire, Edge and Tor. 5. Kiddle If you have little ones at home, consider Kiddle. It's not affiliated with Google, but Google Safe Search powers it. The visual search engine promises a safe web environment for kids, with big thumbnail images and bigger text for easy reading. The first few results of any given search are pages specifically written for children and approved by Kiddle editors. The next few results are safe but may not be explicitly written for little ones. Kiddle has some fun extras like a 700,000 article encyclopedia with searchable topics ranging from the sciences to the arts. The search engine doesn't collect any personally identifiable information, and its logs are deleted every 24 hours. There are ads, though. 6. Wolfram Alpha Think of Wolfram Alpha as a genius in your browser. You type something you want to know or calculate, and it goes to work finding you an expert-level answer. How? A combination of algorithms, AI tech, and an extensive database. This site isn't the place to go if you want to find a plumber or restaurant reviews. But if you need an answer to a math problem, want trustworthy information on world history or events, or need to do personal finance or household math, give it a shot. Can WolframAlpha answer your question? Search at wolframalpha.com to find out. Privacy bonus: Wipe out your Google history If you haven’t reviewed your Google privacy settings in a while, now’s the time to do it. I bet you’ll be shocked by all the searches, locations, and voice messages on file. NEED TECH HELP? Post your tech questions for concrete answers from me and other tech pros. Visit my Q&A Forum and get tech help now. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show , the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks.For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com Apartments.com We Just Moved & It Was Easier Than Expected - Use This Tool Apartments.com Ad Ad Camp Lejeune Claims Compensation for Camp Lejeune victims and their families. Some may be entitled to over $200,000. Veterans, their surviving family members, and civilians who lived or worked at Camp Lejeune can claim compensation from the government for injuries and wrongful death. Camp Lejeune Claims Ad Ad Wood Splitter Drill Bit Raleigh Residents Discover Firewood Hack! Streamline your firewood cutting with this high-hardness, super-tough Wood Log Splitter Drill Bit – don't miss out! Wood Splitter Drill Bit Ad Ad Total Battle - Tactical Game Online The Most Addictive Strategy Game Of 2023 Total Battle - Tactical Game Online Ad Ad Health Headlines Millionaire's “cheat code” to waking up and being productive (Drop one in the morning) Health Headlines Ad Ad Politics Simulation What if it's getting serious? This game simulates contemporary conflicts Could you defeat the enemies within and outside the US? Would you re-unite the Nation? This strategy game simulates the current polilitcal conflicts. Politics Simulation Ad Ad Burn Belly Fat 1/2 Cup Of This (Before Bed) Can Melt Your Belly Fat Like Never Before Burn Belly Fat Ad Ad Wolf & Shepherd NFL Star Rob Gronkowski's Favorite Shoes All day comfort for your feet. Unique high performance running shoe technology meets classic styling. Unlike any other shoes on the market today. Guys, Say Hello to Your New Favorite Casual Dress Shoe—Perfect for the Office Wolf & Shepherd Ad Ad Smartphones Raleigh: Smartphone Bargains for Seniors Unveiled Smartphones Ad Ad SearchAlike ED Treatments Most Men Might Not Know About And It's Turning Heads SearchAlike Ad Ad Deal of the Day Reviewed Deal of the Day Arm & Hammer Just Launched A New Line Of Laundry Sheets That Can Replace Detergent And Pods REVIEWED View Deal Recommendations are independently chosen by our editors. Purchases you make through our links may earn us a commission. Recommended The emerging workplace perk employees expect and employers need Story from Strategic Education Inc. More Stories 'Game of Thrones': British actor Darren Kent dies at age 39 Alex Collins, ex-NFL running back with Ravens and Seahawks, dies at 28 Total Battle - Tactical Game Online Online Strategy Game 2022 Total Battle - Tactical Game Online Ad Ad 'Game of Thrones': British actor Darren Kent dies at age 39 British actor Darren Kent, who had memorable supporting roles in "Game of Thrones" and 'Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves," has died at age 39. USA TODAY Alex Collins, ex-NFL running back with Ravens and Seahawks, dies at 28 Former NFL running back Alex Collins, who played for the Seattle Seahawks and Baltimore Ravens, has passed away. He was 28. USA TODAY McDonald's chicken nugget lawsuit: Family awarded $800K in damages A jury in Florida has ruled that McDonald's must pay $800,000 in damages to the family of a girl that who was allegedly burned by chicken nuggets. USA TODAY Michael Oher vs. the Tuohy family: 'The Blind Side' is forever tainted 'The Blind Side' was billed as an American fairytale, about how football can bridge the racial divide. Turns out the story was never so neat and tidy. USA TODAY Tuohy family says Michael Oher is attempting a 'shakedown' with claims The Tuohy family is calling Michael Oher’s claims of deceit over "The Blind Side" financial deal “outlandish” and “transparently ridiculous.” USA TODAY Apartments.com We Just Moved & It Was Easier Than Expected - Use This Tool Apartments.com Sponsored Sponsored Camp Lejeune Claims Compensation for Camp Lejeune victims and their families. Some may be entitled to over $200,000. Veterans, their surviving family members, and civilians who lived or worked at Camp Lejeune can claim compensation from the government for injuries and wrongful death. Camp Lejeune Claims Sponsored Sponsored Treat Williams death: Driver charged in crash calls him 'a friend' A driver accused of causing the crash that killed Treat Williams considered the actor "a friend" but denies wrongdoing, says charges aren't warranted. USA TODAY Michael Oher says 'Blind Side' family tricked him into conservatorship Michael Oher, whose life story was the subject of the 2009 movie "The Blind Side," is alleging the family who took him only did so for financial gain. USA TODAY Halle Berry's daughter Nahla all grown up in mom's 57th birthday pics Halle Berry's daughter Nahla appeared taller than the 57-year-old in new photos from the actress's birthday. USA TODAY Magoo dead: Timbaland, Missy Elliott musical partner was 50 In the late-'90s, a fresh hip-hop sound emanated from the Virginia Beach area with Timbaland & Magoo. Magoo, aka Melvin Barcliff, has reportedly died. USA TODAY Graduate school debt rises. Wages stagnate.Why Education Dept worries Graduate school debt has ballooned but wages haven't risen as much. This is a "cause for concern," say economists at the Department of Education. USA TODAY Total Battle - Tactical Game Online The Most Addictive Strategy Game Of 2023 Total Battle - Tactical Game Online Sponsored Sponsored Wood Splitter Drill Bit Raleigh Residents Discover Firewood Hack! Streamline your firewood cutting with this high-hardness, super-tough Wood Log Splitter Drill Bit – don't miss out! Wood Splitter Drill Bit Sponsored Sponsored Pennsylvania house explosion: home was having ‘hot water tank issues’ Pennsylvania fire officials said the homeowners of the house that exploded Saturday, killing five, were having “hot water tank issues." USA TODAY Sen. Mitch McConnell, there’s no shame in retiring at age 81 After nearly four decades in the U.S. Senate, Republican leader Mitch McConnell is no longer capable of representing Kentucky. Retiring is best. USA TODAYDuckDuckGo’s Quest to Prove Online Privacy Is Possible This year, DuckDuckGo plans to significantly expand its privacy offerings. Illustration: Sam Whitney; Getty Images Save Save I was driving up through Pennsylvania last summer, somewhere along US Route 15 between Harrisburg and Williamsport, when I saw a familiar face: a goofy cartoon duck wearing a green bowtie. It was the logo for DuckDuckGo, the privacy-focused search engine, along with a message: “Tired of Being Tracked Online? We Can Help.” The sight of a tech company on a billboard in rural Pennsylvania was surprising enough to lodge in my memory. Highways in and out of Silicon Valley may be lined with billboards advertising startups, where they can be easily spied by VCs and other industry influencers, but the post-industrial communities hugging the Susquehanna River will never be confused with Palo Alto. Far more typical are road signs advertising a fireworks store, a sex shop, or Donald Trump. I found it hard to imagine that the other drivers on the road were really the audience for an internet company that occupies a very specific niche. It turns out DuckDuckGo—itself based in Valley Forge, PA, about 90 miles east of Route 15—knew something I didn’t. According to the company’s market research, just about every demographic wants more data privacy: young, old, male, female, urban, rural. Public polling backs that up, though the results vary based on how the question is asked. One recent survey found that “93 percent of Americans would switch to a company that prioritizes data privacy if given the option.” Another reported that 57 percent of Americans would give up personalization in exchange for privacy. Perhaps most telling are the early returns on Apple’s new App Tracking Transparency system, which prompts iOS users to opt in to being tracked by third-party apps rather than handing over their data by default, as has long been standard. According to some estimates, only a tiny minority of users are choosing to allow tracking. The problem for a company like DuckDuckGo, then, isn’t making people care about privacy; it’s convincing them that privacy is possible. Many consumers, the company has found, have basically thrown up their hands in resignation, concluding that there’s no way out of the modern surveillance economy. It’s easy to see why. Each new story about data privacy, whether it’s about the pervasiveness of tracking , or a huge data breach , or Facebook or Google’s latest violation of user trust, not only underscores the extent of corporate surveillance but also makes it feel increasingly inescapable. DuckDuckGo is on a mission to prove that giving up one’s privacy online is not, in fact, inevitable. Over the past several years, it has expanded far beyond its original search engine to provide a suite of free privacy-centric tools, including a popular browser extension, that plug up the various holes through which ad tech companies and data brokers spy on us as we browse the internet and use our phones. This year it will roll out some major new products and features, including a desktop browser and email privacy protection. And it will spend more money than it ever has on advertising to get the word out. The long-term goal is to turn DuckDuckGo into an all-in-one online privacy shield—what Gabriel Weinberg, the company’s founder and CEO, calls “the ‘easy button’ for privacy.” “People want privacy, but they feel like it’s impossible to get,” Weinberg says. “So our main challenge is to make the idea that you can get simple privacy protection credible.” Trending Now Bar Owner Builds an Alarm That Stops You From Forgetting Your Credit Card GearAdrienne SoGearJulian ChokkattuSecurityAndy GreenbergCultureKate Knibbs Whether that mission succeeds could have consequences far beyond DuckDuckGo’s bottom line. DuckDuckGo is operating to some extent in the shadow of Apple, which has already made privacy a core part of its pitch to customers. But DuckDuckGo’s ambition is to provide a suite of protections that are even more extensive and intuitive than Apple’s. And it is offering them to the millions of people who don’t want or can’t afford to use Apple products: Google’s Android operating system accounts for about 50 percent of the mobile market in the US and more than 70 percent worldwide. Perhaps most important, if DuckDuckGo succeeds at bringing simple privacy to the masses, it will mean that the future of privacy might not depend on the relative benevolence of just two corporate overlords. Founded in 2008, DuckDuckGo is best known for its search engine. Which means that it has always been defined as a challenger to Google. It has not shied away from the comparison. In 2011, Weinberg, then the company’s sole employee, took out an ad on a billboard in San Francisco that declared, “Google tracks you. We don’t. ” That branding—Google, but private—has served the company well in the years since.“The only way to compete with Google is not to try to compete on search results,” says Brad Burnham, a partner at Union Square Ventures, which gave DuckDuckGo its first and only Series A funding in 2011. When the upstart launched, Google already controlled 90 percent of the market and was spending billions of dollars, and collecting data on billions of users, to make its product even better. DuckDuckGo, however, “offered something that Google couldn’t offer,” Burnham says: “They offered not to track you. And Google’s entire business model is, obviously, built on the ability to do that, so Google couldn’t respond by saying, ‘OK, we won’t track you either.’” Neither DuckDuckGo nor anyone else came close to stopping Google from dominating search. Today, Google’s market share still hovers around the 90 percent range. But the pie is so enormous—advertisers spent $60 billion on search advertising in the US alone last year, according to eMarketer—that there’s quite a bit of money in even a tiny slice. DuckDuckGo has been profitable since 2014. Like Google Search, DuckDuckGo makes money by selling ads on top of people’s search results. The difference is that while the ads you see when searching on Google are generally targeted to you in part based on your past searches, plus what Google knows about your behavior more broadly, DuckDuckGo’s are purely “contextual”—that is, they are based only on the search term. That’s because DuckDuckGo doesn’t know anything about you. It doesn’t assign you an identifier or keep track of your search history in order to personalize your results. This non-creepy approach only protects you, however, while you’re on DuckDuckGo. “You’re anonymous on the search engine, but once you click off, now you’re going to other websites where you’re less anonymous,” Weinberg says. “How can we protect you there?” GearAdrienne SoGearJulian ChokkattuSecurityAndy GreenbergCultureKate Knibbs DuckDuckGo’s first answer to that question rolled out in 2018, with the launch of a desktop browser extension and mobile browser that block third-party trackers by default wherever a user goes on the internet. It was good timing: 2018 was a banner year for raising privacy awareness. Facebook’s Cambridge Analytica scandal broke that spring. The GDPR took effect in Europe, throwing into relief how little the US regulates data collection. That summer, the Associated Press revealed that many Google services were storing your location data even if you explicitly opted out. Data collection and privacy were firmly in the national conversation. Since then, congressional inquiries , antitrust lawsuits , Netflix documentaries , and a growing feud between Apple and Facebook have kept it there. “One of the funny things about DuckDuckGo is that the single best marketing we’ve ever had has been the gaffes that Google and Facebook have made over the years,” says Burnham. “Cambridge Analytica, for instance, was a huge driver of adoption for DuckDuckGo. There is an increasing awareness of how this business model works and what it means—not just in terms of the loss of privacy and agency over our own data, but also what it means for the vibrance and success of an open marketplace.” Awareness is one thing, action another. DuckDuckGo was in position to capitalize on the rising tide of scandal because it has a reputation for building products that work. In 2019, for instance, it added a feature to its extension and browser that directs users to encrypted versions of websites whenever possible, preventing would-be hackers or ISPs from, say, looking over your shoulder as you type a password into a web page. While other encryption tools work by manually creating lists of tens of thousands of websites in need of an upgrade, DuckDuckGo crawled the internet to automatically populate a list of more than 12 million sites. The Electronic Frontier Foundation recently announced that it would incorporate DuckDuckGo’s dataset for its own HTTPS Everywhere extension. Similarly, Apple uses DuckDuckGo’s Tracker Radar dataset—a continuously updated, publicly available list of trackers assembled using open-source code—for Safari’s tracking prevention. Weinberg is particularly proud of DuckDuckGo’s tracker prevention. Surveillance is so built into the infrastructure of the web that many sites will stop functioning if you block all cookies. Take Google Analytics, which is found on the vast majority of websites. “If you just straight-up block Google Analytics, you’ll break sites,” Weinberg says. As a result, mainstream browsers with tracking prevention, like Safari and Firefox, allow trackers to load, then try to restrict the data they can gather. “They’re more inclined to err on the side of not breaking websites,” explains Bennett Cyphers, a technologist at the Electronic Frontier Foundation.“They will try and do this middle ground thing where they’ll load resources but restrict what Google can do once it’s in your browser.” GearAdrienne SoGearJulian ChokkattuSecurityAndy GreenbergCultureKate Knibbs The problem is that even allowing a tracker to load in the first place can allow it to gather highly specific data about the user, including their IP address. So DuckDuckGo, like some other privacy extensions, works differently. It simply prevents the cookie from loading at all. To avoid the broken-site problem, it replaces some trackers with a dummy that essentially tricks the site into thinking the cookie has loaded, a technique called “surrogates” pioneered by the ad blocker uBlock Origin. Ultimately, DuckDuckGo probably owes its success less to the technical aspects of its tracker prevention, which very few people are in any position to understand, than to the fact that the company does a pretty good job honoring its slogan : “Privacy, simplified.” Its products don’t require a user to toggle any elaborate settings. They simply include encryption, tracker blocking, and private search automatically. Since their launch, the extension and mobile browser have experienced rapid user growth. According to DuckDuckGo, the extension and browser have together been downloaded more than 100 million times since 2018, and more than half of those downloads took place over the past twelve months. That growth has in turn helped juice the use of the original search engine, which is built into mobile app. The company estimates that its search user count doubled over the past year to between 70 and 100 million. (It’s an estimate because they don’t track users.) According to StatCounter, DuckDuckGo now has the second highest share of the US mobile search market, edging out Bing and Yahoo. (A distant second, that is: 2 percent to Google’s 94 percent.) DuckDuckGo says its annual revenue is over $100 million. This year, the company plans to significantly expand its privacy offerings. It is introducing a desktop browser, incorporating the same features as the existing mobile app. Currently, even someone with the DuckDuckGo privacy extension can’t stop Google from gathering some data on them if they’re using Chrome, for example. DuckDuckGo is also adding two new features to its existing extension and mobile app. The first is email privacy protection. Weinberg says that his company’s researchers found that some 70 percent of emails have some sort of tracker embedded in them. That includes not just corporate promotional emails, but just about any newsletter or fundraising email that’s sent using an automated service. In nearly a third of those cases, Weinberg says, the trackers are sending users’ plaintext email addresses over the internet, potentially exposing them to any number of marketers, data brokers, and shadier actors. The email tool is designed to thwart that by forwarding messages through a DuckDuckGo email address, which will remove the trackers before sending them along to inboxes. It also will allow people to generate random email addresses whenever they have to use email to sign up for something. (Apple recently announced a similar feature for the Mail app on iOS.) In theory, DuckDuckGo could have created its own email client, but Weinberg recognizes getting users to switch their email providers is prohibitively difficult. GearAdrienne SoGearJulian ChokkattuSecurityAndy GreenbergCultureKate Knibbs “Our goal is simplicity, right?” he says. “We want to make privacy simple and seamless without sacrifice for users.” The final new tech DuckDuckGo is unveiling this year operates on a similar principle. A new feature within its Android app will operate in the background, even when the app itself is not in use, to block third parties from tracking you through any other app on your phone. It does that by using the phone’s VPN permission to route all traffic through DuckDuckGo, so that, as with the email trackers, it can block requests from anyone on its tracker list before they have an opportunity to gather any user data. (Again, this is somewhat analogous to Apple’s App Tracking Transparency on iOS. It will not stop first-party data collection, meaning the app you’re using can still collect your data. But it won’t be able to pass that data through to other companies, including Facebook, which currently tracks users through a vast number of unrelated apps.) Taken together, the new features, which the company says will be available in beta this summer, represent DuckDuckGo’s evolving mission to create what Weinberg calls “the privacy layer of the internet.” “The ideal case for that from a user perspective is, you download DuckDuckGo and you’re just protected wherever you go online,” he says.“We’re obviously not there yet, but that’s the product vision.” So, about those billboards. See What’s Next in Tech With the Fast Forward Newsletter SUBMIT By signing up you agree to our User Agreement (including the class action waiver and arbitration provisions ), our Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement and to receive marketing and account-related emails from WIRED. You can unsubscribe at any time. The company’s reliance on old-school advertising mediums—in addition to billboards, DuckDuckGo is partial to radio ads—is partly of necessity: As a privacy-focused business, it refuses to do any microtargeted online advertising. (Even when it advertises on a social media site like Twitter, Weinberg says it doesn’t set any demographic targeting parameters.) But the strategy also stems from the company’s market research, which has found that precise targeting would be a waste of money anyway. “People who care about privacy, who act on privacy, who would adopt a DuckDuckGo product—they’re actually not a very niche audience,” says Zac Pappis, head of the company’s user insight team. “People who act and care about privacy don’t fall into a particular age group or demographic or have a particular psychographic background, so that makes them easier to reach.” To put it in advertising parlance, this means DuckDuckGo spends its marketing budget on brand awareness. Ordinary people around the country don’t need to be convinced to care about privacy, the theory goes—they just need to learn that a solution exists. “Our current top business priority is to be the household name for simple online privacy protection,” Weinberg says. “So when you think about privacy online, we want you to turn to DuckDuckGo.” To that end, the company is investing in its biggest marketing blitz to date this year, devoting tens of millions to an advertising push—so expect more billboards and more radio ads during those summer road trips. Weinberg believes the time is ripe. He points out the fact that tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have all been raising the salience of privacy through very public battles over their policies and products. Plus, the ongoing antitrust lawsuits against the tech giants will draw more attention to those companies’ business practices, including around user privacy. One of the cases , brought by the Department of Justice, could even give DuckDuckGo a direct boost by preventing Google from being set as the default search engine on phones. GearAdrienne SoGearJulian ChokkattuSecurityAndy GreenbergCultureKate Knibbs DuckDuckGo has competition. Companies like Ghostery offer tracking protection. Brave has a well-regarded privacy browser. The Netherlands-based Startpage offers search without tracking. But in the US, at least, DuckDuckGo has a strong position in the privacy market. In a sector where users have to trust that your product works the way you say it does, a decade-long track record without any privacy scandals establishes important credibility. “They’re probably the biggest name right now, probably because of the popularity of their search engine,” says Jon Callas, director of technology products at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. But being the biggest name among people with a special interest in online privacy still amounts to being a big fish in a small pond. Weinberg believes DuckDuckGo can change that. He is convinced that the pond is actually huge. It just doesn’t know it yet. 📩 The latest on tech, science, and more: Get our newsletters !Wait, vaccine lotteries actually work? They rage-quit the school system— and they're not going back Apple World's full scope is coming into focus 👁️ Explore AI like never before with our new database 🎮 WIRED Games: Get the latest tips, reviews, and more 🏃🏽‍♀️ Want the best tools to get healthy? Check out our Gear team’s picks for the best fitness trackers , running gear (including shoes and socks ), and best headphones Senior Writer Topics privacy duckduckgo Browsers Search Andy Greenberg Vittoria Elliott Matt Burgess Reece Rogers Andrew Couts Reece Rogers Andy Greenberg Lily Hay Newman by Taboola by Taboola Sponsored Links Sponsored Links Promoted Links Promoted Links Life Insurance Seniors Say Goodbye To Expensive Life Insurance If You Live In These Zip Codes Life Insurance Credit Card Americans Are Getting Approved Without Credit Checks Credit Card Hair Relaxer Cancer Claims Some women may be entitled to over $170,000 Hair Relaxer Cancer Claims Senior Cell Phone Plans Many Seniors Might Not Know They Could Get a New Cell Phone Plan For $5/month Senior Cell Phone Plans GoFindYou Seniors Under 85 Can Get A $50,000 Life Insurance Policy For $13/month GoFindYou Camp Lejeune Claims Government to pay Camp Lejeune victims $21 billion Camp Lejeune Claims More From WIRED Contact © 2023 Condé Nast. All rights reserved.Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and Your California Privacy Rights. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices Select international site United States