Log in Sign up TRY IT NOW Deezer Premium 1 month free Then $10.99/monthCancel anytime.* • Download your music• Unlimited and on demand• Ad-free READ MORE Why choose Deezer Premium? Play on demand Play what you want, enjoy unlimited skips, and craft your own collection of music, podcasts, and more. Ad-free experience Stream all your favorite audio content without a single ad interruption. Offline listening Download your music and podcasts, and listen without connection. Listen to FLAC music in High Fidelity sound as if you were right in the recording studio. Cross-device listening Switch between your phone, tablet, desktop and other supported devices. Tailor-made features Identify tracks or sing along to your favorite songs with built-in features like SongCatcher and Lyrics. Choose what you listen to. Ad-free. With millions of tracks, podcasts, radio and more, there's something for everyone. Listen ad-free , skip as much as you want, and craft your own collection . Listen offline. Saving data? No WiFi? No problem. Download your favorite music and podcasts and listen anytime, anywhere . Discover offline Meet your music matchmaker. You listen. You love. We learn. Our music app brings you the most personalized recommendations , so that your life gets the soundtrack it deserves. Discover Flow discovery discovery On Mondays, explore undiscovered tracks new releases new releases On Fridays, new from artists you love An infinite mix of favorites and new tracks chill chill On Sundays, fresh picks for chill vibes An infinite mix of favorites and new tracks new releases new releases On Fridays, new from artists you love discovery discovery On Mondays, explore undiscovered tracks chill chill On Sundays, fresh picks for chill vibes Tune in to your favorite hosts. Find whatever speaks to you from our ever-growing catalog of audio content. Browse popular podcasts near you or check out daily recommendations in our dedicated Podcasts tab . The Daily TED Radio Hour Radio Ambulante The Ben Shapiro Show Pardon My Take Radiolab Never stop discovering. Identify songs playing around you instantly with SongCatcher . Save your finds to your favorites, or add it to your playlists. Discover SongCatcher Get the words right every time. Singing along just got easier with Lyrics . Just tap the mic, keep the beat, and share the verses you love. Discover Lyrics Sync up your life. Switch between phones , tablets or laptops , or sync to a wide range of home devices and game consoles . Heading out? Seamlessly connect your smartwatch or car system with your account to take your music on the go. Discover compatible devices Sonos Google Home Amazon Alexa Bose Android TV Learn more FAQ What are the advantages of a Deezer Premium subscription? You can choose what you want to listen to at any time, without ad interruptions, and skip as much as you want. You can also enjoy offline listening on the Deezer app. What does offline listening mean? Offline listening means you can download all your favorite tracks and playlists, which will let you listen to music without WiFi or network connection. How many devices can be paired to one Deezer Premium account? You can connect up to 3 different devices to your music app. What is the difference between a Deezer Premium account and Deezer Family account? With Deezer Premium, you get one account, and you can connect up to 3 different devices. Deezer Family lets you create up to 6 different members on one account, so that everyone can create their own collection and have their own personal recommendations. You can also connect up to 13 different devices, and listen simultaneously. I've just upgraded to Deezer Premium, so why does my account still appear as Deezer Free? If you've just upgraded, your account may still appear as Deezer Free if payment has not cleared or you are logging into a different Deezer account. Please check that your details are correct. Deezer Premium 1 month free Then $10.99/monthCancel anytime.* • Download your music• Unlimited and on demand• Ad-free This offer grants you a 1-month free trial to the Deezer Premium service. At the end of your free trial period, you will be automatically converted to a full price Deezer Premium subscription at $10.99 per month, unless you opt out at least 48 hours before the date of automatic renewal. This offer is non-binding. You may cancel your subscription at any time. This offer is available only for users who have never benefited from any Deezer free trial or promotion and/or who are not or have never been subscribers to a Deezer paying subscription. This is a one-time only offer per user. This offer cannot be combined with any other offer.In order to redeem this offer, you have to enter valid payment details, login or create an account and accept the general terms of use of the Deezer service (available at http://www.deezer.com/legal/cgu ). Who are we? English (us)Log in Sign up Sign up Deezer Free Free music to transform your world Why choose Deezer Free? Free music streaming Listen to music for free and enjoy other audio content anytime, anywhere. Millions of tracks and more Discover millions of tracks and podcasts, plus extra content exclusive to Deezer. Recommendations for you Enjoy your own set of smart playlists with recommendations made just for you. Favorites in one tap Pick and play the tracks you want from your favorite artists in select playlists. Create your playlists Add music and podcasts to your favorites and create your own playlists. Tailor-made features Switch between your phone, tablet, desktop and other supported devices. Sign up 1 app. Millions of tracks. Uncover all the songs you love and discover tracks you never knew you needed — what more could you want from a free music streaming app? Sign up Get your own smart playlists. Your smart playlists on the Music tab will serve up recommended tracks based on your music taste. Sign up An infinite mix of favorites and new tracks discovery A mix of tracks you never knew you needed new releases A mix of fresh tracks from artists you love sunday chill A mix to kick back and relax Discover music similar to the artists you've been listening to lately. Stay informed and entertained. Enjoy a curated selection of podcasts, live radio and more. Browse by topic or what's trending, and find recommendations made for you. Sign up The Daily TED Radio Hour Radio Ambulante The Ben Shapiro Show Pardon My Take Radiolab Catch songs in the wild. Want to identify a song playing around you? Tap SongCatcher and let it work its magic. Discover SongCatcher Sing along in real-time. Nail the chorus to any song with Lyrics . Belt out the words with friends, and share your favorite verses. Discover Lyrics Keep your favorites with you. Switch between your phone , tablet or laptop , or sync to any of our supported home devices . Speakers Mobile, tablet and desktop Amazon Alexa Sign up FAQ Is Deezer Free really free? Yes, it's 100% free. Deezer Free is powered by advertisements to support all the music and content producers you love. As this is our most basic plan, some features are restricted. What features are available on Deezer Free? You can discover millions of tracks in shuffle mode, and create your own collection. You can enjoy personal mixes like Flow, and launch mixes inspired by a track or artist. You also get built-in mobile features like SongCatcher and Lyrics. Is Deezer Free compatible with all supported devices? Deezer Free is supported on desktop and most mobile and tablet devices. It's also possible to stream and cast from select home and speaker devices. You can find all devices here . What's the difference between Deezer Free and Deezer Premium? With both plans, you can discover millions of tracks in our catalog, but Deezer Free provides shuffle-based streaming with occasional ads. If you'd like ad-free music, offline listening, and extra features, you can upgrade to Deezer Premium. Who are we? English (us)