Privacy Policy Preamble This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the processing of personal data. This Privacy Policy governs each website, mobile site, application, and/or other services, provided by Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd (“Dahua”), its parent, subsidiaries and/or affiliates (“Imou”,“we”, “us”, or “our”), acting as a data controller. We respect and protect the privacy of all users who use our services. To provide you with more accurate and personalized services, we will use and disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy is to describe what information we collect, use, store, and how we disclose, process and protect them as well as your choice of accessing, updating, controlling your information we provided. Please read it carefully before using our services and as instructed by Privacy Policy, make your own choice if necessary. By accessing or using our services, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Scope This Privacy Policy applies to all services we provide, excluding some specific services, which will be governed together with supplementary policies or notices. Such supplementary policies consist part of Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency, the supplementary ones shall prevail. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy does not apply to situations where a third party independently provides services to you through our services, such as websites that may include the services we offer or in other sites that has a link to our services. Please note that if you use such third party products and/or services and provide your personal information, your information will be handled in compliance with that third party's privacy statement or similar policies. We take no responsibilities when your information was misused or improperly disclosed in such occasions. To provide better and personalized services, you agree us to collect the following information: 1. The information you provide us The necessary information you provide to us, (user name, email address and password, etc.) when you register your account to enjoy our service. When you use specific services (such as online upgrades, password resets, purchase services, etc.), further information may need except for the information you provided at the time of registration. If you do not use such kind of specific services, there is no need for you to provide such information. We may also record information that you provide, form or retain while using our services. You have the right to choose not to provide the aforementioned information, but this will result in the fact that you may not be able to use a particular service or feature or unable to achieve the intended effect. 2. The information arises while using our services We may collect the information while using the services, including but not limited to: 1) Device information. In order to provide better services and improve your experience, we will collect device attribute information (such as hardware model, unique device identifier, network device hardware address MAC, etc.). For various information collected from your devices, we may associate them so that we can provide you with consistent services on these devices. 2) Log information. When you use this service, our server will automatically record some information. 3) Location information. When you use a location-enabled service, if you turn on the device location feature and use our location-based related services, we may collect and process information about your actual location so that you do not need to manually enter your own geography coordinates. We use related technologies for positioning. These technologies include IP addresses, GPS, and other sensors that can provide relevant information. 3. The information received from third party sites In order to provide services jointly or improve the quality of our services or improve personalization of our services or other necessity, we will collect your personal and other information from affiliates, alliance members, partners, other trusted third party suppliers, service providers, and agents on your authority or in accordance with law. About how we process your information We process your information with the following purpose： 1. To provide or improve our service We use the information we collect to provide or improve services provided by us, our partners, or other trusted third-party vendors, such as providing, evaluating, improving, or upgrading services; participating in market research activities related to our services, developing new services, providing customer support, etc.To improve the services, we may also analyze product usage, but these statistics will not include any of your identifiable personal information. 2. To keep in connection with you We may also send important notifications to you, such as changes in our relevant terms, conditions and policies. Since this information is very important for you to communicate with us, it is suggested that you receive and read such information. 3. To protect your rights We may use your information for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, credit analysis, in order to prevent, discovery, investigation of fraud, endangering the safety of illegal or breach of our agreement, policies or rules, to protect you, we, partners and other trusted third party suppliers, service providers, agents and the lawful rights and interests of the public. 4. For legal reasons We will share your personal information, if it is necessary to access, use, retain or disclose the relevant information for legal reasons, such as: Required by laws or mandatory government rules; To protect you or the public's rights, property or safety as the law required. 5. Other ways as you permitted Your rights as data subject 1. Visit and update your personal information We will do as much as possible to ensure that you can access your personal information. If these registration information is incorrect, we will try to provide various ways to enable you to update or delete the information in the account quickly, unless we have to retain the information for legitimate reasons or business consideration. When accessing, updating, correcting, and deleting the aforementioned information, we may need your verification of identity to ensure the security of your personal information. 2. Modify, delete or remove your information According to our terms and conditions, you have the right to modify, delete, and transfer personal data stored on our server, such as your account information. You should ensure that all the personal data submitted are accurate. We will try to maintain the accuracy and integrity of personal data and update the data in time. You have the right to visit your own personal data, exceptions may apply. If the privacy laws in some jurisdictions are different, we will abide by these laws. The security of information We attach great importance to the security of personal data. We will protect your personal data, preventing unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, damage, etc. We will take reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal data. Children’s personal data Our services are mainly for adults. Children are not allowed to create their own accounts without the consent of the parents or guardians. We only use or disclose the children's personal data when they are explicitly permitted by law, parents or guardians. Third party supplier and their services To ensure smooth browsing experience, you may receive content or network links from third party supplier (hereinafter referred to as the third party) beside us and our partners. We have no control over such third parties. You can choose whether to access links, contents, and services provided by third parties. We cannot control the privacy and data protection policies of the third parties, and the third parties are not bound by this policy. Before submitting personal information to third parties, please see the privacy policy of these third parties. How your information is transferred around the world We will transfer information in compliance with the local law of your jurisdiction. How privacy policy updates We retain the right to update or modify this policy. We will send you an individual notification (such as e-mails) to remind you of that changes. The use of cookies A) If you accept cookies, we will set or access cookies, so that you can login or use our platform services or functions depend on cookies. We use cookies to provide you with more personalization services. B) You have the right to accept or refuse to use cookies. You can do that by modifying the browser settings. But if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use our platform services or functions that rely on cookies. C) This policy will be applied to all the relevant information obtained by the cookies. Contacting us If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please connect us via our website Please notice that In the event of a dispute between the Chinese and any non-Chinese versions, the Chinese version of this policy shall govern, to the extent not prohibited by local law in your jurisdiction.DMSS Privacy Policy Preamble This DMSS Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) only applies to the processing of personal data related to the products or services of DMSS. This Privacy Policy governs each website, mobile site, application, and/or other products or services in relation to DMSS provided by Hangzhou CE-soft Technology Co., Ltd. (“CE-soft”),(“DMSS”,“we”, “us”, or “our”), acting as a data controller. This Privacy Policy is to describe what information we collect, use, store, and how we disclose, process and protect them as well as your choice of accessing, updating, controlling your information we provided along with any other rights you are entitled to. Please read it carefully before using our services and as instructed by Privacy Policy, make your own choice if necessary. By accessing or using our services, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 1.Scope This Privacy Policy applies to all services we provide, excluding some specific services, which will be governed together with supplementary policies or notices. Such supplementary policies consist part of Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency, the supplementary ones shall prevail. If issued after the last updated date of this Privacy Policy. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy does not apply to situations where a third party independently provides services to you through our services, such as websites that may include the services we offer or in other third parties’ sites that has a link to our services. Please note that if you use such third party products and/or services and provide your personal information, your information will be handled in compliance with that third party's privacy statement or similar policies. We take no responsibilities when your information was misused or improperly disclosed in such occasions. 2. The Information We Collect In the process of using DMSS service, DMSS will, in accordance with the following ways, collect information provided by you during the use of the service or information generated by the use of the service, in order to provide such services to you, to optimize our services and protect your account security: 2.1 When you register with DMSS service, we will collect your country/region, user password, email address, etc. in order to assist you completing DMSS registration and to protect your DMSS account security. If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to use our services properly. Besides you can use the account cancellation function on mobile client to clear personal information such as email address and password. 2.2 When you use DMSS’s service（including DMSS cloud services）, in order to ensure the normal use of our services, we will collect information such as your device model, unique identifier, IP address, MAC address, software version, network access mode & type, latitude & longitude (if supported), accelerator (gravity-activated device) and operation logs. Such information is required to provide you with DMSS’s service and are basic information which must be collected. 2.3 When you use client login functions, in order to provide you with the basic service of DMSS platform, we will collect your email address, password, GPS and terminal information. Refusing to provide GPS and terminal information may only result in your being unable to use the better service, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. Refusing to provide email address and user password may only result in your being unable to use the login functions, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions under the guest mode. In addition, you can always turn off the relevant features and clear your personal information in that feature. We will not reveal and disclose your personal information to any third party without your permission. 2.4 When you use custom image uploading functions, we will obtain your consent prior to recording your local file resources (local album for mobile client), for the purpose of providing you with such service. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the above functions, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. In addition, you can modify the uploaded images at any time on the client. The resources will be released once you exit this function and it will not actively collect user information. 2.5 When you use alarm subscription functions, we will obtain your consent prior to recording your client unique characteristic value, for the purpose of providing you with such service. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the above functions, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions.In addition, you can always turn off the relevant features and clear your client unique characteristic value information within that feature. 2.6 When you use modifying country/region functions, we will obtain your consent prior to recording your country/region information, for the purpose of providing you with such service. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the above functions, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. In addition, you can always turn off the relevant features and clear your country/region information within that feature. 2.7 When you use Feedback functions, we will obtain your consent prior to recording your email information, for the purpose of replying some user feedbacks. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to receive reply on your feedback, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. In addition, you can always turn off the relevant features and clear your email address information within that feature. 2.8 When you use modifying password functions, we will obtain your consent prior to recording your password information, for the purpose of providing you with such service. Refusing to provide such information may only result in you being unable to use the above functions, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. In addition, you can always turn off the relevant features and clear your password information within that feature. 2.9 When you use initializing device on client functions, we will obtain your consent prior to recording your Mac, IP, SN, device name, type, latitude & longitude, registration time, channel, online/offline and configuration (time zone, alarm, etc.), for the purpose of providing you with basic service of DMSS platform. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the device online functions, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. In addition, after you unbind the device on the client, all the device information will be anonymous. 2.10 When you use user experience program functions, in order to provide humanized service in the future, we will collect your use frequency of modules in the DMSS application. The whole collection and processing course will be anonymized. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the user experience program, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. In addition, information collection will be stopped once you exit this function. 2.11 The DMSS paypal service is provided to you by PayPal company. When you enable the PayPal function, PayPal company will collect your PayPal account email address, name and bank card type/number/valid period. When you use PayPal to pay, the company will also collect your payment records for query. Refusing to provide such information may result in your being unable to use the PayPal function, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. 2.12 The DMSS credit card payment service is provided to you by the corresponding bank of your card. When you enable the credit card payment function, the bank will collect your reserved email address, credit card type, number, valid period and cvc. When you use credit card to pay, the bank will also collect your payment records for query. Refusing to provide such information may result in your being unable to use the credit card payment function, but does not affect your normal use of DMSS’s other functions. 2.13 The third party services in DMSS service is provided by external third party entities, and DMSS cannot obtain the information generated by you when using such third party services. At present, DMSS will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party. If there is a requirement to obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party for future business development purposes, we will clarify with you the source, type and scope of such personal information, For example, if the processing of personal information for a specific development is beyond the scope of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we will obtain your prior express consent before processing your personal information, and we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and require that the third party guarantees the legitimacy of the information provided. 3. About how we process your information We process your information with the following purpose： 3.1 To provide or improve our service We use the information we collect to provide or improve services provided by us, our partners, or other trusted third-party vendors, such as providing, evaluating, improving, or upgrading services; participating in market research activities related to our services, developing new services, providing customer support, etc.To improve the services, we may also analyze product usage, but these statistics will not include any of your identifiable personal information. 3.2 To keep in connection with you We may also send important notifications to you, such as changes in our relevant terms, conditions and policies. Since this information is very important for you to communicate with us, it is suggested that you receive and read such information. 3.3 To protect your rights We may use your information for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, credit analysis, in order to prevent, discovery, investigation of fraud, endangering the safety of illegal or breach of our agreement, policies or rules, to protect you, we, partners and other trusted third party suppliers, service providers, agents and the lawful rights and interests of the public. 3.4 For legal reasons We will share your personal information, if it is necessary to access, use, retain or disclose the relevant information for legal reasons, such as: Required by laws or mandatory government rules; To protect you or the public's rights, property or safety as the law required. 3.5 Other ways as you permitted 4.About how we storage your information 4.1 Where Information is Stored We will act in accordance with laws and regulations to store personal information collected in the relevant local jurisdiction. 4.2 The Duration Storing Information In general, we will only keep your personal information for the time necessary to achieve a specific purpose, for example: Email address: When you use DMSS service, we will need to store your email address to ensure your normal use of the service; when you delete your DMSS account, we will delete the corresponding information; In the event where we cease our products or services, we will notify you and delete your personal information or anonymize such information within a reasonable period of time. When you have not used the service for 3 years, we will delete your personal information and we will notify you 3 months before deleting or anonymize your personal information in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., for example we will send an email to inform you. 5.External Parties At present, we will not actively share or transfer your personal information to a third party. If there are other circumstances in which your personal information is to be shared or transferred, we will obtain your prior express consent. We will not publicly disclose personal information collected by us. If we have to disclose such information publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of such disclosure, type of information disclosed and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your prior express consent. As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, transfers of assets, etc. We will inform you of such circumstances and continue to protect your personal information and require new controllers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the laws and regulations and the standards as strict as required by this Privacy Policy. 6.Your rights as data subject 6.1 Access Personal Information If you want to access your headshot, user name, email address and other basic information, or video, image, order, device and other service information, you can access your information by tapping on related function button through Me->Log in . 6.2 Deleting Personal Information If you want to delete the basic information such as email address, and password, or service information such as video, image, cloud record and alarm, you can delete your information by tapping on related data clear function button through Me->Log in . 6.3 Amending Your Personal Information If you want to change your nickname, email address, country/region, etc., enter DMSS, tap on related function button. 6.4 Withdraw Consent If you want to disable user experience program and alarm information, you can enter DMSS and tap on corresponding close button to turn it off. 6.5 Account Delete If you want to delete DMSS Account, you can enter DMSS and tap on corresponding logout button to log out your personal account. After you log out, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized. 6.6 Right to object Where we process your Personal Data based upon our legitimate interest (or that of a third party), you have the right to object to this processing on grounds relating to your particular situation if you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. We will comply with your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your rights and freedoms, or where the processing is in connection with the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.6.7 Request restriction of processing of your personal data This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. 6.8 Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. 6.9 Feedback If you want to contact us, you can enter DMSS and tap on corresponding feedback button to address your feedback on our services. 7.The security of information We strive to secure users' information to prevent information leakage, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure. We use a variety of security measures to ensure the security of information within reasonable security standards. We have set up specialized management systems, processes and organizations to ensure the security of information. In the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information security, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of security incidents and inform you in the form of push notifications and announcements. 8.Children’s personal data Our services are mainly for adults. Children are not allowed to create their own accounts without the consent of the parents or guardians. We only use or disclose the children's personal data when they are explicitly permitted by law, parents or guardians. 9.Third party supplier and their services To ensure smooth browsing experience, you may receive content or network links from third party supplier (hereinafter referred to as the third party) beside us and our partners. We have no control over such third parties. You can choose whether to access links, contents, and services provided by third parties. We cannot control the privacy and data protection policies of the third parties, and the third parties are not bound by this policy. Before submitting personal information to third parties, please see the privacy policy of these third parties. We use the services of AWS, Ali Cloud, Azure, Kingsoft Cloud. These services provider and we have implemented adequate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorized, accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing. These security measures have been implemented taking into account the state of the art of the technology, their costs of implementation, the risks presented by the processing and the nature of the Personal Data. 10.How your information is transferred around the world We will transfer information in compliance with the local law of your jurisdiction. And we have taken the necessary measures to ensure that your information is processed in conformity with the applicable laws and appropriate technical security measures are adopted to safeguard your privacy. 11.How privacy policy updates We retain the right to update or modify this policy. We will send you an individual notification (such as e-mails) to remind you of that changes. 12.Contacting us To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer via phone at +86 571-8996-2739, through email at hzcr@cce-soft.com, or by mail at: Hangzhou CE-soft Technology Co., Ltd. 8F, No.6, Yinhu innovation center, No.9, Fuxian Road, Yinhu street, Fuyang District Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, P.R. China 311400 C/O: Data Protection Officer 13.Please notice that In the event of a dispute between the Chinese and any non-Chinese versions, the Chinese version of this policy shall govern, to the extent not prohibited by local law in your jurisdiction. Last updated: November 6, 2019Imou Privacy Policy Last modified: 2020-01-19 Introduction This Imou Privacy Policy describes the types of information, including but not limited to personal data, we may collect from you or that you may provide when you interact with us, use our application, and/or products or services in relation to Imou or when you visit our website www.imoulife.com (“website”), including any subdomains and any content, functionality and services offered on, by or through it or them, or any other websites, e-mails, applications that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as “ Services ”), all of them provided by Hangzhou Huacheng Network Technology Co.,Ltd (“Huacheng”, “Imou”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), acting as a data controller. This Privacy Policy also describes how we collect, use, maintain, share, protect, disclose or otherwise process that information. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. “Personal Data” as in this Imou Privacy Policy shall mean any information that identifies you or can, identify you directly or indirectly, in particular if in combination with another identifier of you. We collect several types of information from and about users of our Services, including information that you directly provide to us and it identifies you personally, such as, without limitation, name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number. We may also automatically collect certain information as you navigate through the website or use our Services, such as usage details, equipment profiles and IP addresses, by means of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies. We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. We try to ensure that we only collect and hold personal data that we need for the services and products we are offering to you. Therefore, unless otherwise indicated in the table below, the provision of personal data is a requirement for us to enter into a contract with you or fulfill our contractual obligations. In case that you choose not to provide certain information, you might not be able to take advantage of our services in full or partially. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. Activity Type of data Processing purposes Lawful basis for processing A. Purchase of Imou Devices When you purchase Imou devices through third-party’s platforms Buyer’s name; recipient’s name; shipping address; source of order; details on the products you ordered To process and deliver your order and communicate with you if needed Performance of contract B. Use of Imou App, Devices and Cloud 1a. When you sign up with Imou App for the first time Email address; telephone number (only of customers who sign up with Imou App via their telephone number); country or region you choose; nickname you use; password (encrypted); profile photo (if uploaded); your nickname and profile photo on a third party platform when you choose to log in to Imou App with other app account such as Facebook To allow us complete your registration, communicate with you and administer your account. Profile photo can be uploaded on a voluntary basis if you desire to have a more personalized account, omission to do so, does not affect the running of Imou App Performance of contract for Imou Registration Agreement and legitimate interests to maintain our contractual relationship with you, provide you with services in accordance with the legal requirements of the country/region you have chosen, allow you enjoy the services features as described in the user guide , keep our products updated and relevant, to develop our business and ensure security of products and that your use of our products are in compliance with the accepted terms and conditions 1b. When you change the details you used for registration If you choose to change any of the above information, the new entries will be collected in replacement of the old ones. To allow the changes you have requested for. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou App’s other functions 2.When you log in and use our services Apart from the information mentioned under item 1, we process data related to the terminal (such as your smartphone) you use to log in, like GPS, terminal’s operating system, model and its unique identifier To offer our services to you, maintain our services’ normal operations, optimize our services and secure the safety of your account 3. When you add device (on the Device interface, you can view and add devices like IP cameras, storage devices, and doorbells, to Imou App) Device SN; Device model; wifi info; Device Name; Device password (encrypted); device time zone and DST status on/off To process your request to add a device to your account and allow configuration of your device. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou’s other functions. 4. When you use Live View function which provides you a real-time video display Device SN; Device IP; Device Port Information; Video Stream To provide you with the basic services of video display through Imou App 5. When you use Playback and Video Recording functions Device SN, Device’s Channel ID, Record Files Path To store your history record and allow you view it 6. When you activate and configure the settings of the added device such as IP camera, doorbell and storage device Mac address; IP address; Device SN; Device model; Device firmware version; Country information (via IP address); Device location (via IP); Date of device register; Device channel information; Device offline/online status; Device configuration information To allow activation of your Imou device and its registration with our server 7. When you set device name and cover image Cover image; Device name; Channel information; Device model; Device SN You can set device name, change cover image, and view channel name, device model and SN. The processing of such information is needed for us to allow the changes you have required for and to inform you about the details of the device added on your Imou account. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou App’s other functions. 8. When you enter device password or use the reset function Device SN; password (encrypted) To allow you enhance the security of your device by adding a password or reset your password. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou’s other functions. 9. When you use Device Share function Device SN; Email and (or) telephone number of the other user you share your device with To allow you the sharing of your device with another user of Imou App as requested by you. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou’s other functions. 10. When you use Delete Device function Device SN; Email and (or) telephone number (only of customers who sign up with Imou App via their telephone number). To allow the removal of the device from your account on Imou App and matched accessory as you requested us for. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou’s other functions. 11. When you receive notification Device SN; Push notice ID/alarm snapshot To send you alarm notifications and provide you the services you have requested us for 12. When you use Imou App’s cloud services to extend your storage capability Device SN; messages and video record; Device channel information To allow you use of the cloud storage service (either free or added value version). Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use this function, but does not affect your normal use of Imou’s other functions. 13. When you buy cloud storage plan or redeem gift card Details of the purchased cloud storage plan; payment method; order date; email To process your order and invoice you for the purposes of cloud storage plan 14. When you transfer your cloud storage plan Device name the plan is transferred from; device name the plan is transferred to; plan information To transfer the activated cloud service to a specific device added to your account. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the user experience program, but does not affect your normal use of Imou’s other functions. 15.When you use User Experience Plan function Browsing history & clicking behavior When you enable user experience plan, you give us consent to collect such information and help us improve our products and services and analyse your usage of different functions. Refusing to provide such information may only result in your being unable to use the user experience program, but does not affect your normal use of Imou App’s other functions. Consent 16. When you communicate with us through email or Feedback function Content of your communication with us To communicate with you, provide you with information you request about us, answer your questions or handle your complaints Our legitimate interests to communicate with you and reply your inquiries/comments 17. When you de-register from Imou App and cease to use Imou device and our service Your telephone number (only of customers who sign up with Imou App via their telephone number), and (or) Email. To allow us to complete your deregistration, and to delete all your personal data collected by us during the period of your use of Imou App. C. When you take part in our marketing activities When you take part in our marketing activities happening either offline or online, including but not limited to exhibitions, prize draws, competition or surveys Name; email; telephone; location; your feedback and replies to a survey (if applicable); profile details on a third party platform (if you choose this way for registration) To register your interest to our products and services Consent To communicate with you and inform you about the progress and result (if applicable) of the marketing activity you have opted in for Consent To ask you to leave a review or take a survey Legitimate interests to improve our services and understand better customers’ needs To inform you about similar events if you have opted-in for this Consent When you take part in our marketing activities happening offline, including but not limited to exhibitions, prize draws, competition or surveys Photographs or videos taken during the event To promote our activity and event Legitimate interests to promote our business products and services D. When you request after-sales services 1. When you register with our RMA platform Name; Email or third party account that you use for registration; country; password (encrypted); language Assist you completing Imou registration and protect your Imou account security Performance of contract for provision of after sales services; Legitimate interests to provide you better services and facilitate the exercise of your rights to after sales services. 2. When you submit an RMA request through the APP, website or our third party hotline Device model; SN of the device; MAC address, IP address; details indicated on the evidence of purchase; Telephone; address for return of the device after repair and details of recipient; details for the return of devices and tracking number Receive and deal with your request for after sales services; Performance of contract for provision of after sales services or adherence to legal obligation we might have in regard to consumers’ guarantee. Recommend you the nearest repair center (if applicable); Send the device after repair to the recipient and address indicated by you Communicate with you for any clarifications we or you might need Legitimate interests to clarify your request and improve our services Ask you for feedback and the degree of your satisfaction for our services 3. When you reset your password SN of the device; MAC address; email To assist you with resetting your password and proceed with the modifications you have requested for Legitimate interests to provide adequate services E. When you use our website 1. When you subscribe for newsletter Email address To send you newsletters, promotions or other marketing communications, including invitations to our exhibitions. Consent 2. When you use our website Technical details Usage behaviour (More info on Cookies statement) To use analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences, and to administer and protect our websites Legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and ensure security of our website. F. Other uses of your information We use the information we collect to provide or improve services provided by us, our partners, or other trusted third-party vendors, such as providing, evaluating, improving, or upgrading services; participating in market research activities related to our services, developing new services, providing customer support, etc.To improve the services, we may also analyze product usage, but these statistics will not include any of your identifiable personal information Performance of contract and legitimate interests to keep our services updated and improve them We use your contact details to communicate with you, provide you with information you request about us, answer your questions or when we handle your complaints. We might use these details to send important notifications to you, such as changes in our relevant terms, conditions and policies. Since this information is very important for you to communicate with us, it is suggested that you receive and read such information Performance of contract and legitimate interests to administer the contractual relationship with you We may be required by law to collect and share your identifying information and personal data with public or governmental organizations for the purpose of compliance with the law, a court order, or to respond to any government or regulatory request. Compliance with a legal obligation Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies Our website and apps use cookies and similar technologies. We use functional cookies to ensure that our website and services operate properly and analytical cookies to make your user experience optimal. Third-party cookies may collect data outside our websites as well. As you navigate through and interact with the website and our services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, traffic data, logs and other communication data. You can find more information on our Cookie Statement Our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by others, including, without limitation, our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company and service providers. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our websites are not generally targeted at children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 should provide any personal data to or on our Services. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16. Huacheng strongly recommends that parents take an active role in supervising the online activities of their children. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at ­­ ­ privacy@imoulife.com . Your personal data will be retained for as long as required for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or in so far as such is necessary for compliance with statutory obligations and for solving any disputes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In the event where we cease our products or part or all of our services, we will notify you and delete your personal data in concern or anonymize such information within a reasonable period of time. When you have not used the services of Imou App or cloud for 3 years, we will delete your personal information and we will notify you 3 months before deleting or anonymize your personal information in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc., for example we will send an email to inform you. Please pay attention that video recordings and snapshots within Imou App are automatically deleted after the cloud service or the cloud saving period ends. And the retention periods of alarm messages, alarm snapshots and IP addresses in API logs are just 7 days. Information Sharing We might disclose your personal data with certain trusted third parties for the following reasons: To our subsidiaries and affiliates to provide you the services you have requested us for and for the purposes of our legitimate interests of customer relation management To forwarders/carriers and other business partners to the extent that we need to deliver your ordersTo IT services providers who offer support during our daily operations, such as the maintenance of digital databasesTo third party hotline service provided for receiving and following up on your request for after-sales To marketing services providers in order to provide you the services you have requested us for, such as receiving the news you have opted-in To a buyer or potential possible buyer of our business for evaluation and completion of transactional corporate matter. All such third parties will be required to adequately safeguard your personal data, subject to agreements that correspond to the requirements of applicable laws.We may also disclose your personal data: To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request or for investigations (e.g. disclosure to prevent crime or fraud, or to comply with a court order or legislation).To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the legitimate rights, property or our safety, our customers or others. As regards the personal data collected during your use of the Imou App and Cloud, we use the services of cloud service providers, including: Amazon Web Services. Inc (United States), 阿里云计算有限公司（Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd）(P.R. China), Azure (United States), 北京金山云网络技术有限公司（Beijing Kingsoft Cloud Internet Technology Co., Ltd）(P.R.China) Apart from that, we ensure you that we will not share such data unless you have explicitly requested such sharing, when for example you apply to connect your Imou App and device with IFTTT Inc., Google Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., etc. or when you use your Facebook account to log in (Facebook Inc.) We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. In the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information security, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of security incidents and inform you in the form of push notifications and announcements. To ensure you have a smooth browsing experience, you may receive content or network links from third party suppliers (hereinafter referred to as the third party) beside us and our partners. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Imou Privacy Policy, this Imou Privacy Policy does not apply to situations where a third party independently provides services to you through our services, such as websites that may include the services we offer or other third parties’ sites that have a link to our services. Please note that if you use such third parties’ products and/or services (including but not limited to PayPal or other credit card payment services) and provide your personal information, your information will be handled in compliance with that third party's privacy statement or similar policies. We cannot control the privacy and data protection policies of the third parties, and the third parties are not bound by this policy. Before submitting personal information to third parties, please see the privacy policy of these third parties. You can choose whether to access links, contents, and services provided by third parties. We take no responsibility when your information was misused or improperly disclosed in such occasions. We are headquartered in the P.R. China and we operate globally. We have established subsidiaries in different regions around the world and we offer our services through the use of servers located in different countries. As such, your information might be transferred outside the region and country you use our website and services, including to regions/countries outside the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”) which might have different legal rules and might not offer an adequate level of protection as determined by the European Commission. However, we have taken the necessary measures to ensure that your information is processed in conformity with the applicable laws and appropriate technical security measures are adopted to safeguard your privacy. Where necessary we use Standard Contractual Clauses, which are approved by the European Commission to comply with applicable legislation. You can review and change your personal data by logging into your account on our website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an e-mail at privacy@imoulife.com to request access to, or require us to correct or delete any personal data that you have provided to us. You may also object to or request us to restrict your processing. If we process your personal data based on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us (see below). A summary of your legal rights is set out below: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “ data subject access request ”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. If you want to access your head portrait, user name, email address and other basic information, or video, image, order, device and other service information on your Imou account, you can enter Imou and tap on corresponding function button to access relevant information.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. If you want to change your nickname, email address, etc. on your Imou account, enter Imou, tap on related function button. Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. If you want to delete the basic information such as email address, and password, or service information such as video, image, cloud record and alarm on your Imou account, you can delete your information by tapping on related data clear function button through “Me->Settings->Account and Security->Delete Account”. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. If you want to disable user experience program and alarm information on your Imou account, you can enter Imou and tap on corresponding close button to turn it off For security reasons, we will take steps to authenticate your identity before providing access to your personal data. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant Data Protection Authority. We keep this Privacy Policy under review and modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will inform you for any modifications on the Privacy Policy. We will also provide a notice of the modifications on the homepage for a short period. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer via phone at +86 571-8996-2739, through email at privacy@imoulife.com , or by mail at: Hangzhou Huacheng Network Technology Co.,Ltd A10, Bin’An Road 1199, Binjiang District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, P.R. China 310053 C/O: Data Protection Officer