Privacy policy EBOX Privacy Office Phone: 1 844 323-EBOX (3269) Email: infovieprivee@ebox.ca Mail: EBOX c/o Privacy Office 1100-1225, Saint-Charles Street West Longueuil (Quebec) J4K 0B9 Welcome to EBOX Privacy Policy We (our Companies¹) are committed to maintaining the privacy of your Personal Information. This includes keeping our Privacy Policy updated so you are fully informed. Check back from time to time to see what’s new. “Personal Information” is information about you as an identifiable individual that is protected by law. We use this term throughout this Privacy Policy to help explain: how and why we collect, use, and sometimes disclose your Personal Information;how and when your informed consent will be requested (along with certain exceptions);how you can access your Personal Information; andhow to contact us if you have questions or concerns about your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that we collect, use or disclose when providing you with our products and services. This could include information like your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit card numbers, how you use your devices and billing records. Sometimes, when information such as your name, address and telephone number are available publicly (such as in a directory listing) that information wouldn’t be considered protected Personal Information. We built this Privacy Policy based on the foundation of our Commitment to Privacy to inform you about how your Personal Information is treated when using our products and services. Supplemental information may also be provided relating to specific products and services as required, such as our Mobile App Privacy Notice (available in our mobile apps), our Website Terms of Use, your Terms of Service for our wireless and wireline products and services, and frequently asked questions on our website. ¹In this Privacy Policy, the words “we”, “us”,”our” and “Companies” refer to the Bell family of companies and brands as they exist over time, as well as any successor companies as a result of corporate reorganizations or restructurings, including: AAA Alarm Systems Ltd., Alarm Force Industries Inc. (Bell Smart Home, Bell Business Security & Automation), Axia, Bell Aliant, Bell Canada, Bell ExpressVu LP (Bell TV), Bell Media, Bell Mobility, Bell MTS, Cablevision du Nord, DMTS, EBOX, Epic Communications, KMTS, Lucky Mobile, Maskatel, NorthernTel, Northwestel Inc., Ontera, Solo Mobile, Telebec, The Source and Virgin MobilePlus. All of our Companies adhere to the commitments found in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise indicated by a separate privacy policy. Consent and Your Personal Information: 1. Do the Companies need my consent to collect, use or disclose my Personal Information? Subject to certain limited exceptions, yes. When you use our products or services, your consent will be implied. In certain circumstances, we may also seek your express consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information. For example if your Personal Information is highly sensitive and required for a new purpose we may ask for your express consent (either verbally, by checking a box, signing an agreement or taking another affirmative action). If your Personal Information isn’t necessarily required to provide the product or service, you may also be able to withdraw your consent. For example, you can opt-out of a variety of marketing communications by us, including commercial electronic messages like emails and SMS messages either through your My Account profile or online at (https://client.ebox.ca/). If your Personal Information is necessary to provide you with the products or services you requested or the safety and security of our network, then there is no ability to opt-out because it is a condition of service. In these circumstances, the only option is to terminate your relationship with us. The law also permits certain exceptions to obtaining consent, including: a. if it is clearly in your interests (like a medical emergency or a threat to your safety); b. to comply with a warrant or other court order; c. to collect monies owed; d. to investigate the breach of an agreement or applicable law (like piracy in breach of the Copyright Act); e. to detect, suppress or prevent fraud and secure our networks; or f. as otherwise legally required or allowed. If appropriate or necessary, we may rely on one of these exceptions. 2. Do the Companies use de-identified Personal Information? Yes, we use de-identified information to improve our operations, products, services and available offers, to provide social benefits, and to develop analytic marketing reports. De-identified information may also be combined with statistical data, including data provided by government agencies and third-party data aggregators to better inform us.Collection, Use, Disclosure and Your Personal Information: 3. When do the Companies collect my Personal Information? We collect your Personal Information through various ways. For example: a. during the inquiry, activation or purchase process for a product or service (including through our dealers, retailers and other service representatives); b. when we provide service to our customers, including technical support or during the warranty, repair claims and service process; c. when you use our products or services, visit one of our websites, use our apps, or call into a call centre; d. from third parties, like credit reporting agencies, or other third parties with whom you have had a payment relationship. 4. How do the Companies use my Personal Information? We use your Personal Information, including sharing information between our Companies so that we may: a. provide you with our products and services (including through third-party suppliers); b. better understand your needs and preferences; c. maintain responsible commercial relations with you; d. determine your eligibility for products and services and recommend products and services to you; e. develop and enhance our products and services; f. market products and services that may be of interest to you; g. manage our business operations; h. detect, suppress or prevent fraud and manage and secure our networks; i. meet our legal and regulatory obligations. We use market leading data analytics technologies to help us inform and improve the uses described above. 5. When is my Personal Information disclosed? We may disclose your Personal Information with your consent, or when it is permitted or required by law, including; a. to an authorized account holder for household accounts or accounts with multiple devices, or a person acting as your agent (like a legal representative or authorized user); b. to another communications service provider or a telephone directory service provider in order to offer efficient and effective communications services (for example, to provide 911 call services); c. to third-party collection agencies for the purpose of collecting amounts owed to us which are past due; d. to third parties, like credit reporting agencies or other companies you have had a payment relationship with, to assess creditworthiness; e. to delivery organizations to ship you products and/or services you have ordered; f. to a government institution or another organization if reasonably necessary to establish your identity, or to investigate the contravention of a law or an agreement, or to detect, prevent or suppress fraud and secure our networks; g. to an appropriate public authority in an emergency situation where there is imminent danger to life or property; h. if you have already given your consent to us or a third party (such as a smart home device provider, financial institution, insurance company, social media network, or other online site); i. as otherwise allowed or required by law. Correcting and Safeguarding Your Personal Information: 6. How do I review and correct my Personal Information? Just ask us by getting in touch with EBOX Privacy Office (see Section 11 for contact information). You can review the Personal Information in your file, subject to certain restrictions and exceptions (a reasonable fee may apply), within a reasonable time after receiving a request in writing from you. If we cannot provide you with access to your Personal Information (for example, if it would involve revealing someone else’s Personal Information or other confidential or privileged information), we will let you know why. Our goal is to keep the Personal Information we hold about you accurate, up-to-date and complete. If you find a mistake, let us know and we will correct it. 7. How is my Personal Information protected? We use appropriate security safeguards which vary depending on the sensitivity of the Personal Information. All of our employees with access to Personal Information receive ongoing training with respect to the confidentiality of Personal Information. Personal Information we disclose to third parties, including our suppliers and agents acting on our behalf, is protected through our contracts with them. Because the security of your Personal Information in this digital age cannot be 100% guaranteed, you can also help protect your own Personal Information by adopting smart security practices, like never re-using passwords across accounts or websites, changing passwords regularly and choosing passwords that are hard to guess. 8. Will my Personal Information ever be transferred, stored or processed outside of Canada? Yes, sometimes your Personal Information is provided to our suppliers and agents who operate outside of Canada, in accordance with safeguards that meet Canadian standards. For Personal Information processed outside of Canada, we have strict processes and policies regarding how your Personal Information is used.However, your Personal Information may be subject to the laws of other countries. 9. How long is my Personal Information kept? Only as long as it is reasonably needed or relevant for the identified purposes (see Section 4), or as required by law. We may keep certain Personal Information for an extended period of time even when you are no longer our customer (like for required tax and financial record keeping, security, fraud prevention, and to manage business operations). Once Personal Information is no longer reasonably necessary, or relevant for the identified purposes, or required by law to be retained, your Personal Information is destroyed, erased or de-identified. Changes, Questions and Contact Information: 10. Can this Privacy Policy change? Yes, it can. We will post the change on our website, and we will also make reasonable attempts to notify you by including a notice in your bill, sending you an email or a text message, or other means. 11. Questions or concerns about our privacy practices? The security and privacy of your Personal Information is important. We have a dedicated section on our website relating to privacy (https://www.ebox.ca/en/privacy-policy/) where you can find frequently asked questions relevant to the protection of your Personal Information. For additional questions, you can send an email to infovieprivee@ebox.ca, or you can also contact us as follows: EBOX Privacy Office EBOX 1100-1225, Saint-Charles Street West Longueuil (Quebec) J4K 0B9 We investigate all privacy complaints and take appropriate steps to resolve them, including changing our practices where required. 12. What if I still have concerns after contacting EBOX Privacy Office? If we do not answer your concern to your satisfaction, you can contact: Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada 30 Victoria Street Gatineau, Quebec K1A 1H3 Toll-free: 1-800-282-1376 Need help? Find the expert you need Consult support in FAQ Speak with a representative Call us 1-844-323-EBOX (3269) Parle à un conseiller EBOX - Internet, television and telephony. © 2023 EBOX. All rights reserved. Check availability No results for : The address you entered doesn't match with the chosen province. Check availability These services are available: Check availability Oh lala! The territories serviced by Derry Telecom and Axion are not yet serviced by EBOX. We are currently working on making our services available for you. Thank you for your interest in EBOX. Do you want to be informed when EBOX is available at your address? Do you know if your address is serviced by Dery Telecom or Axion? Oops EBOX TV is not yet available in your region, but it will be soon. Stay tuned! These services are available: Check availability Tu es qualifié pour le service télé dans la région de Si tu es client EBOX, tu peux te connecter à ton compte pour ajouter l'application. Oops To enjoy EBOX TV, you must select an Internet package Check availability Oh lala! Your address is exceptional! Our system has difficulty qualifying it. But all is not lost! Contact us and one of our agents can validate availability with you. Woah! By adding 1 to your selection, you could get a better price ! Save up to 219$* Subscribe to EBOX TV 1 st month free $0 TV receiver rental Monthly discount of $6.95 Watch content live or on demand Install your favorite apps Replay your favorite shows *Certain conditions apply. These promotions are valid for 12 months. FTTN 50 unlimited internet package For a limited time Starting at $49.95 Valid for a 12 months contract. Conditions apply. Forfait V-Câble 30, 60 et 120 illimité $0 modem and router installation + rental For 12 months / New EBOX customers. Conditions apply. ORDER ONLINE Talk to one of our agents now Enter your phone number and an EBOX representative will contact you in a moment. Talk to one of our agents now Talk to one of our agents now Enter your phone number and an Ebox representative will contact you in a moment. Choose your experience EBOX offers you different experiences to meet your needs Next step Choose your Internet plan Tu as besoin d'un accès Internet EBOX (minimum 15 Mbit/s to enjoy the EBOX TV.Quick and reliable connection Modem and router included Unlimited capacity Next step ARE YOU INTERESTED BY THE EBOX TV? Fully enjoy the EBOX TV experience and get up to $232 worth of discounts Watch live or on demand Replay your favorite shows Cloud recorder Next step IS THERE ANYONE YOU LIKE TO CALL? Enjoy a 5$ monthly discount when you add a home phone plan to your subscription! Free calls between subscribers Voice mail Voice messages sent by email Oups ! You have selected a plan that requirs minimum 10 channels. Complete your selection before moving forward. Next step Choose your Internet plan You need a EBOX Internet plan to enoy the telephony. Quick and reliable connection Modem and router included Unlimited capacity Oups ! You need a EBOX Internet plan (minimum 30 Mbps) to enoy the EBOX TV Oups ! Tu dois avoir un accès Internet EBOX d'un minimum de 15 Mbit/s pour profiter du service télé. Oups ! You need a EBOX Internet plan minimum of Mbps to enjoy the cloud recorder option you have selected Change experience The plan, adavntages and prices of the digital experience are different Check availability The digital experience is not available at this address Change experience The plan, adavntages and prices of the digital experience are different Oups ! You must add a product to your cart to proceed to the next step. Oups ! You must choose a cloud recording option to proceed to the next step. Monthly discount Extra monthly combo discount available with the following plans: The Popular - Sports The Popular - Films & series with Crave The Complete Discount applied to your cart at check up once selection confirmed. Free month First month free available with the following plans: The Popular - Sports valued at 39.90$ The Popular - Films & series with Crave valued at 52.85$ The Complete valued at 44.90$ First month credit applied on your first invoice at check out. Choose your plan The best EBOX Internet plan for your needs is that one that lets you and all other users fully enjoy the connection without any compromises. Your needs are based off the number of users, their daily activities and the number of devices connected at the same time. From From 10 From 15 From 25 From 50 From 120 From 400 Number of users 1-2 2-3 4 + 6 + 8 + Number of devices 1-2 2-3 2-4 6 + 7 + 10 + Number of EBOX TV devices Simple navigation, emails, social networks 1-5 Mbps / device Audio streaming 1 Mbps / device HD video streaming 6 Mbps / device EBOX TV 6 Mbpx / device Online gaming 10 Mbps / device 4k video streaming 25 Mbps / device Contact Us Chat with us Start Chat Notifications