Privacy Protection Statement We, Ecovacs Europe GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “our” or “Ecovacs”) fully understand the importance to protect your privacy and are committed to safeguard your privacy. We hereby remind you that we may collect some of your information in order to(a)help you decide the number of beacons you should purchase, (b) recommend location of navigation beacons and (c) help you avoid subsequence problems due to inadequate beacons. We collect your data necessary solely for such purposes, we ensure you that your data will not be used for any purposes other than those disclosed to you in this Statement. We will not store your information, all information that you have submitted will be immediately deleted once you exit from the Beacon Purchase Gui e. To fully safeguard your right to be informed, we will use this Statement to fully disclose and keep you informed of the categories, purposes, and protection of your personal data. Please read this Statement carefully before you submit your submit your information. In particular, those terms in bold require your special attention and meticulous reading. Once you click to submit your information, you will be deemed as giving consent to provide your information to us. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact data-privacy@ecovacs.com, We will promptly respond to your requests and provide our feedback upon receipt of your questions and concerns. 1. The Steps tep 1: you need to draw your courtyard layout within this application. Step 2: click the “Generate Beacon Position Point” button, then the algorithm will automatically generate the placement position of the beacons based on the lay out you have drawn. 2. Categories and usage of your personal data that we may collect We may collect certain data from you in order to (a)help you decide the number of beacons you should purchase, (b) recommend location of navigation beacons and (c) help you avoid subsequence problems due to inadequate beacons. Categories of data Purposes/scenarios for data use Your courtyard area, courtyard layout, the size of your garden and the arrangement of objects in the garden. We collect such data in order to (a) help you decide the number of beacons you should purchase, (b) recommend location of navigation beacons and (c) help you avoid subsequence problems due to inadequate beacons. * Note: In principle, your personal data will not be proactively collected in such scenario. However, due to the objective function needs and in certain occasional situations, we may not entirely rule out the possibility of collecting your personal data. To protect your privacy and avoid processing your personal data by accident, we will use technical methods commonly adopted in the industry to anonymize your data upon receipt, and ensure that it is difficult to identify or relate to any specific individuals from the anonymized data. We would like to remind you that, minors under the age of 18 is not included as the user of Beacon Purchase Gui e. In case we occasionally collected data related to minors, such data will be deleted immediately. If you find that we have collected data of minors, please feel free to contact data-privacy@ecovacs.com, Upon recipient, we will delete the relevant data in time after we have reviewed and confirmed the collection. 3. Protection for personal data We undertake to maintain data security to the level as specified by the Law. In order to keep your data safe, we commit to apply various security technologies and associated management systems to protect your data from being disclosed. We have established our personal data protection department. We have also developed relevant internal policy to strictly control data access procedures and approval mechanisms. We seek to only give employees who may access to your data the least authority and limited data access sufficient for fulfilling their duties. Please understand that due to the limitation of technologies or potential malicious attacks, personal data security incidents may unfortunately occur due to factors beyond our control. If an incident occurs, we will, in accordance with laws and regulations, immediately notify you of: general facts and potential influences of the incident, measures we have adopted or will adopt, advice for you to protect your data and reduce risks, our remedial measures for you, etc. We will inform you by email, letter, telephone or by pushing notifications. If we cannot contact you individually, we will publish notifications in a reasonable and effective manner. We will also report the result of personal data security incident to regulatory departments if required. 4. How we safeguard your rights and interests regarding your personal data You are entitled to the following rights as a data subject in accordance with Articles 15 to 21 GDPR: 1.Right of access, rectification, erasure or restriction of processing – Art. 15, 16, 17, 18 GDPR: You may request access to your personal information, correction of incorrect or incomplete personal information, or deletion of your personal information. 2. Right of withdrawal Art. 7 (3) GDPR. Insofar as the processing of your personal data takes place on the basis of consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with the effect for the future. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. 3. Right to object - Art. 21 GDPR. If the processing is based on our legitimate interests or the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us, you may, on grounds relating to your particular situation, also be entitled to object to the processing of data at any time. This can be done via contacting us under the contact information listed in this Policy. 4. Right to data portability - Art. 20 GDPR. Insofar as the processing of your personal data is based on your consent or on a contract with you or the processing is carried out by automated means and you have supplied us with your personal data, we will, upon request, provide you with your personal information in a machine-readable form in order for you to use such information with other service providers. 5. Right to complain - Art. 77 GDPR. You may at any time refer your complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction if you believe that our processing of personal information violates the Law on personal information protection. For us, the Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit Nordrhein-Westfalen is our competent supervisory authority. If you have any questions, complaints or comments related to this Statement, please contact data-privacy@ecovacs.com. We will contact you promptly upon the receipt of your message.