General Toyota Privacy And Data Protection Policy Toyota Motor Europe NV/SA (“TME”) 1. Introduction Toyota respects your privacy. Whether you deal with Toyota as a customer, a consumer, a member of the general public, etc., you are entitled to the protection of your Personal Data. This data may relate to your name, telephone number, email address but also to other data, such as your Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), (geo-)location, etc. In this General Toyota Privacy and Data Protection Policy (“this Policy”) we describe how we collect your Personal Data and why we collect it, what we do with your Personal Data, with whom we share it, how we protect it, and the choices you can make about your Personal Data. This Policy applies to the processing of your Personal Data in the framework of various services, tools, applications, websites, portals, (online) sales promotions, marketing actions, sponsored social media platforms, etc. that are provided or operated by us or on our behalf. This Policy contains general rules and explanations. It is complemented with separate specific privacy notices relating to particular services, tools, applications, websites, portals, (online) sales promotions, marketing actions, sponsored social media platforms, etc. provided or operated by or on behalf of Toyota. These privacy notices will be communicated to you whenever your Personal Data is needed in the framework of the activities mentioned above (for example, via websites, portals, individual communication services, newsletters, reminders, surveys, offers, events, etc.). This Policy applies to all your Personal Data collected by (or on behalf of) Toyota Motor Europe NV/SA, together referred to in this Policy as “Toyota”, “we”, “us” and ”our”. If you accept the provisions of this Policy, you are agreeing to us processing your Personal Data in the ways that are set out in this Policy. At the end of this Policy, you will find some definitions of certain key concepts used in this Policy and which are capitalised (for example, Personal Data, Processing, Data Controller…). 2. Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data? The entity which is responsible for the processing of your Personal Data is: Toyota Motor Europe NV/SA (“TME”) Avenue du Bourget/Bourgetlaan 60 1140 Brussels Belgium 3. Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests? The data protection contact point We have organised a Data Protection Contact Point which will handle your questions or requests relating to this Policy, any specific privacy notice, your Personal Data (and its Processing). For any questions or requests or complaints concerning the application of this Policy or to exercise your rights, as described in this Policy, you may contact us at the Data Protection Contact Point: Data.Protection@toyota-europe.com, andToyota Motor Europe NV/SA Attention : TME Data Protection Contact Point Avenue du Bourget/Bourgetlaan 60 1140 Brussels Belgium 4. Key principles We value your Personal Data entrusted to us and we are committed to processing your Personal Data in a fair, transparent and secure way. The key principles Toyota applies are as follows: Lawfulness : we will only collect your Personal Data in a fair, lawful and transparent manner. Data minimisation : we will limit the collection of your Personal Data to what is directly relevant and necessary for the purposes for which they have been collected. Purpose limitation : we will only collect your Personal Data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not process your Personal Data further in a way incompatible with those purposes. Accuracy : we will keep your Personal Data accurate and up to date. Data security and protection : we will implement technical and organisational measures to ensure an appropriate level of data security and protection considering, among others, the nature of your Personal Data to be protected. Such measures provide for the prevention of any unauthorised disclosure or access, accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, or alteration and any other unlawful form of Processing. Access and rectification : we will process your Personal Data in line with your legal rights. Retention limitation : we will retain your Personal Data in a manner consistent with the applicable data protection laws and regulations and no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which they have been collected. Protection for international transfers : we will ensure that any of your Personal Data transferred outside the EEA is adequately protected. Safeguards towards third parties : we will ensure that Personal Data access by (and transfers to) third parties are carried out in accordance with applicable law and with suitable contractual safeguards.Lawfulness of direct marketing and cookies : when we send you promotional materials or place cookies on your computer, we will ensure that we do so in accordance with applicable law. 5. Processing of your personal data: Which personal data do we collect and on which legal grounds Whenever we require your Personal Data, we will always clearly inform you which of your Personal Data we collect. This information will be provided to you through a separate privacy notice which will, for example, be included in specific services (including communication services), electronic newsletters, reminders, surveys, offers, invitations for events, etc. Please note that in accordance with applicable data protection law, your Personal Data can be processed if: you have given us your consent for the purposes of the Processing (as described in the privacy notice related to that particular Processing). For the avoidance of doubt, you will always have the right to withdraw your consent at any time; orit is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party; orwith such Processing, we pursue a legitimate interest that is not outbalanced by your privacy rights. Such legitimate interest will be duly communicated to you in the privacy notice related to that particular Processing. it is required by law. When you create an account with us, we may process certain personal data to enhance your customer experience and complete your profile. The personal data we may process includes categories such as you identify information, contact information, sound or images files that you upload onto the platform or the account IP address, vehicle information and preferences. We understand the importance of privacy and want to assure you that we do not store pictures or images of our customers. The camera functionality within our Platform is solely used for scanning QR codes or linking with multimedia units. Please note that while some categories of personal data are optional for you to upload, providing them can help us tailor our services to better meet your needs. 6. For which purposes we process your personal data We will only process your Personal Data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and we will not process your Personal Data further in a way that is incompatible with those purposes. Such purpose can be the execution of an order you have placed, the improvement of your visit on one of our websites or portals, the improvement of our products and services more generally, the offering of services or applications, marketing communications and actions, etc. The purpose of each Processing of your Personal Data will be clearly defined in the specific privacy notice relating to that particular Processing. This privacy notice will be accessible, for example, on a website or portal, on an application, in an electronic newsletter, etc.). 7. Keeping your personal data accurate and up-to-date It is important for us to maintain accurate and up-to-date records of your Personal Data. Please inform us of any changes to or errors in your Personal Data as soon as possible by contacting us at the Data Protection Contact Point (see section 3 “Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests?”). We will take reasonable steps to make sure that any inaccurate or outdated Personal Data is deleted or adjusted accordingly. 8. Access to your personal data You have the right to access your Personal Data which we are processing and, if your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, to request the rectification or erasure of your Personal Data. If you require further information in relation to your privacy rights or would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the Data Protection Contact Point (see section 3 “Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests?”). 9. How long do we keep your personal data We will keep your Personal Data in a manner consistent with applicable data protection law. We will only keep your Personal Data for as long as necessary for the purposes for which we process your Personal Data or to comply with the law or. For information on how long certain Personal Data is likely to be kept before being removed from our systems and databases, please contact us at the Data Protection Contact Point (see section 3 “Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests?”). 10. Protecting your personal data We have a set of technical and organisational security measures in place to protect your Personal Data against unlawful or unauthorised access or use, as well as against accidental loss or damage to their integrity.They have been designed taking into account our IT infrastructure, the potential impact on your privacy and the costs involved and in accordance with current industry standards and practice. Your Personal Data will only be processed by a third party Data Processor if that Data Processor agrees to comply with those technical and organisational data security measures. Maintaining data security means protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your Personal Data: Confidentiality : we will protect your Personal Data from unwanted disclosure to third parties. Integrity : we will protect your Personal Data from being modified by unauthorised third parties. Availability : we will ensure that authorized parties are able to access your Personal Data when needed. Our data security procedures include: access security, backup systems, monitoring, review and maintenance, management of security incidents and continuity, etc. 11. Use of cookies or similar devices We use cookies on our websites. This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website and also allows us to make improvements to our site. For further information about our use of cookies and on how to avoid them, please consult our cookie policy, available at our cookie policy page . 12. Disclosure of personal data Depending on the purposes for which we collect your Personal Data, we may disclose it to the following categories of recipients, which will then process your Personal Data only within the framework of these purposes: Within our organisations and our brand environment : Our authorised staff members;Our affiliates and subsidiary companies;Members of our Authorised Retailers and Authorised Repairers network which you have indicated as preferred Authorised Retailers or Authorised Repairers or which are located near you (based on your postcode, address) or which you have been in contact with;Toyota Financial Services;Toyota Insurance Management; Third party business partners: Advertising, marketing and promotional agencies : to help us deliver and analyse the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and promotions; Business partners : for example, trusted companies that may use your Personal Data to provide you with the services and/or the products you requested and/or that may provide you with marketing materials (provided that you have consented to receiving such marketing materials). We ask such companies to always act in compliance with applicable laws and this Policy and to pay high attention to the confidentiality of your personal information; Service providers of Toyota : companies that provide services for or on behalf of Toyota, for the purposes of providing such services (for example, Toyota may share your Personal Data with external providers of IT related services); Other third parties : when required by law or as lawfully necessary to protect Toyota :to comply with the law, requests from authorities, court orders, legal procedures, obligations related to the reporting and filing of information with authorities, etc.; to verify or enforce compliance with Toyota’s policies and agreements; andto protect the rights, property or safety of Toyota and/or its customers; in connection with corporate transactions: in the context of a transfer or divestiture of all or a portion of its business, or otherwise in connection with a merger, consolidation, change in control, reorganisation or liquidation of all or part of Toyota’s business. Please be aware that third party recipients listed under points b) and c) above –especially service providers who may offer products and services to you through Toyota services or applications or via their own channels– may separately collect Personal Data from you. In such case, these third parties are solely responsible for the control of such Personal Data and your dealings with them will fall under their terms and conditions. You can see the list of entities to which we may disclose your data by clicking here . 13. Specific contact with our authorised retailers and repairers If you purchase a car or another product or service from one of our Authorised Retailers or Authorised Repairers or if you give them your personal information, you will have a separate relationship with this Authorised Retailer or Authorised Repairer. In this case, they become the data controller of your Personal Data, possibly together with us. For all questions or requests about the collection and use of your Personal Data by one of the Authorised Retailers or Authorised Repairers, please contact them directly. How is your preferred Authorised Retailer or Authorised Repairer identified?The preferred Authorised Retailer or Authorised Repairer is (1) the Authorised Retailer or Authorised Repairer that you have selected as your preferred one via the settings of your MyToyota account (which you can change at any time) or (2) in case you did not make such selection, we will identify an Authorised Retailer or Authorised Repairer based on location (the nearest to you based on your postcode, address) or based on the history of your contacts with our network. 14. Use of social media If you use on a Toyota tool (website, portal…) a specific login from a social media (for example, your Facebook account), Toyota will record your Personal Data available on this social media and your use of such social media means that you have explicitly allowed the communication of your Personal Data recorded by Toyota through its tool. Toyota sometimes facilitates the publication of (personal) data via social media such as Twitter and Facebook. These social media have their own terms of use which you need to take into account when active on social media. We remind you that publication on social media may have certain consequences, including for your privacy or for the privacy of persons whose Personal Data you share, such as, for example, the impossibility to withdraw a publication within a short term. You are fully responsible for your publications. Toyota will not have any responsibility and liability in this regard. Youtube’s terms of service: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms Google’s privacy terms: https://policies.google.com/privacy 15. Transfers outside the EEA Your Personal Data may be transferred to recipients which may be outside the EEA, and may be processed by us and these recipients outside the EEA. In connection with any transfer of your Personal Data to countries outside the EEA that do not generally offer the same level of data protection as in the EEA, Toyota will implement appropriate specific measures to ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data. These measures can for instance consist in agreeing with recipients on binding contractual clauses guaranteeing such adequate level of protection. We will always clearly inform you whenever your Personal Data would be transferred outside the EEA. This information will be provided to you through a separate privacy notice which will, for example, be included in specific services (including communication services), electronic newsletters, reminders, surveys, offers, invitations for events, etc. 16. Your choices and your rights We want to be as transparent as possible with you, so that you can make meaningful choices about how you want us to use your Personal Data. Your choices on how you want to be contacted In this context, you can make a variety of choices about how you want to be contacted by us, through which channel (for example, email, mail, social media, phone…), for which purpose and how frequently, by adjusting the privacy setting on the relevant device or updating your user or account profile or by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the communication. Please note that by default, if you don’t make a choice, you will receive our promotional communications at the normal frequency of the publication involved. Your Personal Data You may always contact us at the Data Protection Contact Point (see section 3 “Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests?”) to find out what Personal Data we have concerning you and its origin. Under certain conditions, you have the right to receive your Personal Data, which you have provided to us, in a commonly used, structured machine readable format and to transmit your Personal Data to any third party of your choice. Your corrections If you find any mistake in your Personal Data or if you find it incomplete or incorrect, you may also require from us that we correct or complete it. Your restrictions You have the right to request a restriction on the Processing of your Personal Data (for example, while the accuracy of your Personal Data is being checked). Your objections You may also object to the use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purpose (if you prefer, you can also indicate to us through which channel and how frequently you prefer to be contacted by us) or to the sharing of your Personal Data with third party for the same purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time to the continued Processing of the Personal Data that you have provided to us by contacting us at the Data Protection Contact Point (see section 3 “Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests?”).Moreover, you may require us to erase any data concerning you (except in some cases, for example, to prove a transaction or when required by law). Finally, please note that you have the right to file a complaint against the Data Controller with the relevant data protection authority (“DPA”). With respect to Toyota (as Data Controller), the relevant DPA is the Belgian Data Protection Authority. 17. Legal information The requirements of this Policy supplement, and do not replace, any other requirements existing under applicable data protection law. In case of contradiction between what is written in this Policy and requirements in applicable data protection law, applicable data protection law will have priority. Toyota may amend this Policy at any point in time. Where this happens we will alert you of any changes and we will then ask you to re-read the most recent version of our Policy and to confirm your acceptance thereof. You can also check this Policy periodically on www.toyota-europe.com to inform yourself of any changes. 18. Definitions In this Policy, the following terms have the following meanings: Data Controller means the organisation which determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, your Personal Data is processed. Unless we inform you otherwise, the Data Controller is Toyota Motor Europe NV/SA (Avenue du Bourget 60, 1140 Brussels, Belgium). Further information may be provided to you through a separate privacy notice which will, for example, be included in specific services (including communication services), electronic newsletters, reminders, surveys, offers, invitations for events, etc. Data Processor means the person or organisation which processes your Personal Data on behalf of the Data Controller. Data Protection Contact Point means the contact point (i.e. a person appointed by Toyota in the relevant jurisdiction) where you can address to the Data Controller your questions or requests regarding this Policy and/or (the Processing of) your Personal Data and which will handle such questions and requests. Unless we inform you otherwise, the Data Protection Contact Point can be reached as described in section 3 “Who can you contact in case you have questions or requests?”). EEA means the European Economic Area (= member states of the European Union + Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein). Personal Data is any data relating to you directly or which allows your identification, such as, for example, your name, telephone number, email address, Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), (geo-)location, etc. Processing means the collection, accessing and all forms of use of your Personal Data. Toyota Motor Europe European Supply Chain Opens in new window Opens in new window Toyota Envrionmental Challenge 2050 Opens in new window Opens in new window Contact Us Cookies Setting Privacy Policy Opens in new window Opens in new window Opens in new window Opens in new windowField Product Report Application Privacy Statement Your privacy is important to General Motors ("GM"), as is your trust in GM. We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care. This Privacy Statement lets you know how we handle information we obtain about you via your use of the Field Product Report Application ("Application") on this mobile device. By using this Application, you agree and consent to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement Information Collection/Use When you use this Application you will be asked to provide your GM Global Connect ID and password for authentication purposes. You must be a current Global Connect Sales Workbench application registered user in order to use this Application. You will also be asked to provide your name, the name of the dealership where you are employed, your preferred contact telephone number or email address. You will also be asked to provide certain information about the vehicle for which you are submitting a product report. Speciﬁcally, you will be asked to provide the vehicle's Vehicle Identiﬁcation Number ("VIN"), Mileage, Repair Order number, TAC Case number, Part number, and any written description of the condition of the vehicle. BY USING THIS APPLICATION YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED ALL NECESSARY PERMISSION FROM A CUSTOMER PRIOR TO SUBMITTING INFORMATION ABOUT THEIR VEHICLE. This Application also contains functionality that will allow you to submit a photo or video via email with your Field Product Report to help describe the product issue. Finally, this Application may also collect certain information provided by your mobile device, including its operating system, phone number and other unique identiﬁers pertaining to your mobile device. Sharing of Information GM may share the information collected when you use this Application with third parties in the following instances: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them; with our afﬁliates; with our dealers; and in connection with the sale, transfer or ﬁnancing of a signiﬁcant part of a GM business. Opt Out Rights To opt out of the collection of the information collected from this Application, you may uninstall the Application by using the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network you used to download this Application. Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should telephone the Field Product Reporter at 1-888-337-1010 or send an email to FieldProductReporterFeedback@gm.com. We will delete such information from our ﬁles within a reasonable time. Data Retention GM will retain the information collected from this Application for the duration of the Application, and a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like us to delete the information you have provided via the Application, please telephone the Field Product Reporter at 1-888-337-1010 or send an email to FieldProductReporterFeedback@gm.com, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note we may be required to retain certain information by law. Any photo or video you submit via this Application will be deleted from your mobile device. If, however, you choose to submit a photo or video via email, as with other attachments to emails, that photo or video may be retained in the sent messages folder of your email account. Security GM recognizes the importance of safeguarding consumer personal information in GM's possession from theft, inappropriate use, or improper distribution. GM has security policies and procedures appropriate to the level of conﬁdentiality of that data. Our suppliers have signed agreements to protect and use your data according to our requirements. It should, however, be recognized that no company can perfectly protect personal information.To the extent the Application may utilize third party wired and/or wireless networks, GM can't promise that your communications won't be intercepted by others. You agree that GM won't be liable for any damages for any loss of privacy occurring in communication over such networks. Your Consent By using this Application, you are consenting to our processing of your Information as set forth in this Privacy Statement now and as amended by us."Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching your information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S., your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States. Changes This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Statement regularly for any changes. Contact If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please telephone the Field Product Reporter at 1-888-337-1010 or send an email to FieldProductReporterFeedback@gm.com.GlobalConnect Privacy Statement Your privacy is important to General Motors ("GM"), as is your trust in GM. We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care. This GlobalConnect Privacy Statement lets you know how we handle information we obtain about how you use the GlobalConnect website ("Website"). By using this Website, you agree and consent to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement. Information Collection/Use/Tracking When you use this Website GM will collect certain personally-identifiable information about you, as well as business information you share about the dealer. The types of information that GM collects about you via this Website may include: name email address telephone number fax number birthday month and day Social Security Number (for tax reporting purposes only) BAC username • GMIN The types of information that GM collects about the dealership via this Website may include: • Dealership Information • Active/Terminated Indicator • Authorized Brands • Birthdate of Investor • Date Dealership company incorporated • Dealer Address/Phone Information • Dealer appointment/termination date • Dealer area of responsibility • Dealer BAC/Dealer Code/Location Point • Dealer Expected Sales Estimate • Dealer Investor Name • Dealer logistics route • Dealer Successor Name • Dealer Type (Retail, commercial, etc.) • Dealership Contact Type • Dealership Name Indicator that dealership has replaced prior dealer International Tax ID information Investor Common Shares Investor investment date Investor name Investor Preferred Shares Investor Sex Investor Title Investor type Local Marketing Group information (name, assigned location, participation rate) Customer Name Customer Type • Minority • Owner Percent • Unit Sales/Yr • Delivery Date • Delivery Type Information Fleet customer name/code Sales Manager SSN Salesperson SSN • Vehicle Brand/Model • Vehicle Identification Number • Vehicle Mileage • Vehicle Purchaser Contact Information The information GM collects about you and the dealer via this Website may be used to: Configure GlobalConnect Applications • Authenticate users • Maintain Application Security • Monitor Application usage • Order Fulfillment Consensus Facilitate Programs on GlobalConnect (for example, surveys, marketing and incentive programs)Otherwise shared as provided for herein In addition, to help us understand how the Website is being used, this Website uses a third party tracking service that uses cookies, and similar technologies to obtain non-personally identifiable information about you. The non- personally identifiable information obtained may include information related to the type of internet browser you use when you access the Website, your method of access (i.e. WiFi, Ethernet) and your use of the Website, including the functionality you use within the Website and how frequently and how long you use the Website. Please Note: GM does not track, or allow third parties to track your behavior across third party websites via this Website. To learn more about this tracking, please visit http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html. If you'd like to opt-out from the collection of any type of information listed above, please visit the section entitled "Opt-Out Rights" below. Sharing of Information GM may share the information collected when you use this Application with third parties in the following instances: • with our subsidiaries, affiliates, GM dealers and with GM licensees; as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, court order or similar legal process; • when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; • with our trusted services providers and analytics companies who work on our behalf, and who do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them; • with our business partners to conduct joint marketing programs with GM; • with our vendors to the extent necessary for us to procure services from such vendors; and r in connection with the sale, transfer or financing of a significant part of a GM business. Opt Out Rights At this time, this Website does not currently honor do not track signals from a website. However, you may refuse or delete cookies. Please refer to your web browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and other technologies and how to manage their use. If you elect to refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer, or change web browsers. If you choose to decline cookies, some of the functionality of a website may be impaired. Other Website Links This Website may contain links to applications and websites not controlled by GM or covered by this Privacy Statement. We recommend that you check the Privacy Statement of these websites before providing any personal information.Data Retention GM will retain the information collected from this Website for as long as a user has an active GlobalConnect username. If you'd like us to delete the information you have provided via the Website, please contact us at 1-888- 414-6322 Monday thru Friday 8:00 AM-9:00 PM EST and Saturday 9:00 AM-5:00 PM EST/Closed Sundays, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note we may be required to retain certain information by law. Security GM recognizes the importance of safeguarding consumer personal information in GM's possession from theft, inappropriate use, or improper distribution. GM has security policies and procedures appropriate to the level of confidentiality of that data. Our suppliers have signed agreements to protect and use your data according to our requirements. It should, however, be recognized that no company can perfectly protect personal information. To the extent the Application may utilize third party wired and/or wireless networks, GM can't promise that your communications won't be intercepted by others. You agree that GM won't be liable for any damages for any loss of privacy occurring in communication over such networks. Your Consent By using this Application, you are providing express written consent to our processing of your information, including the dealer information, as set forth in this Privacy Statement now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching such information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S., your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the United States. Further, if you are DEALER, DEALER PRINCIPAL, EXECUTIVE MANAGER, or GENERAL MANAGER, by using this Application, you affirm that you have the authority on behalf of the dealer to provide express written consent to process (as such term is defined above) the dealer information described in this Privacy Statement and that, to the extent dealer information includes any customer information, that you have all necessary notices, consents or other legal bases to share customer information with us through this Application. Changes This Privacy Statement may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Statement regularly for any changes. Contact If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at 1-888-414-6322 Monday thru Friday 8:00 AM-9:00 PM EST and Saturday 9:00 AM-5:00 PM EST/Closed Sundays, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Effective Date January 7, 2021.