Playtest Privacy Notice Last Updated: April 26, 2023 1. Introduction Hi. We’re Eidos Interactive Corporation (“we,” “our” or “us”). You probably know us from the entertainment content we develop, publish, distribute, and license, including: DEUX EX® and THIEF®. This Playtest Privacy Notice applies to you if you are participating in a playtesting session, or if you have applied or registered an account to participate in a playtesting session with us. Please take the time to read this Playtest Privacy Notice, as it explains how we will use your personal data (referred to as “personal information” in some jurisdictions), respect your privacy and protect your information. If you are under the age of 14, you may only share your personal data with us if your parent or legal guardian has reviewed this Playtest Privacy Notice and provided their consent. Please note that this Playtest Privacy Notice does not apply to your use of our other products and services. For more information on the collection and use of your personal data when you use our other products and services, please review our General Privacy Notice . 2. How & When We Collect Your Personal Data You give us data when you : apply to be a play tester on our playtest register, update your playtest account or take an online survey during a test. We collect your data automatically when you : test or otherwise interact with our games in our research facility. 3. Types of Personal Data We Collect Contact details Your name, address, telephone number, and email address. Account profile data Your name, email address, birth date, and city. Information that identifies you Your name, birth date, and IP address. Gaming profile information Gaming frequency, favorite genres, consoles owned, and other related information depending on the game being tested. Information on how you played the game being tested The gaming platform you are using, mobile and hardware identifiers, device event information, language options you choose, subtitles selected, version of the game being played, game scores, game metrics, achievements, rankings, time played, game feature usage, player performance and progression, controller inputs, input patterns, webcam footage (in the test area), eye tracking, timestamp and session duration. Game test survey information Any information that you decide to provide to us on the surveys including; competitors you played in the past, expectations regarding our franchises, opinions regarding different aspects of the game you just played (narrative, gameplay, graphics, pacing, difficulty and other similarly related info). Information recorded at the Playtest research facilityPhotographs and/or videos of you, including emotional reactions. What about sensitive data? Should you consent, we may record your following biometric data: facial emotion recognition, eye tracking, galvanic skin response and heart rate. If you have been invited and decided to join our accessibility playtest group, we may collect information related to your accessibility requirements, which you provide to us in related surveys and during gameplay tests you participate in. 4. Why & How We Use Your Personal Data We will only use your personal data for certain specified reasons and only where we have a lawful basis to do so. Below are the reasons we use your personal data: Registering your account When you apply to join a playtest session, we will use the details provided on your account registration form to process your application and contact you about playtesting sessions. Improving and developing our games and services In-game data collection, analytics and research, cheat detection and prevention, understanding emotional reactions, and heat mapping the use of our games. 5. Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning We will only use your personal data for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning purposes if you have specifically consented to this use. For instance, where you have consented, we may detect your emotions from the webcam feed when you test our game(s) or may use computer vision to detect certain moments during gameplay and analyze input patterns. We may feed the webcam footage into our machine learning model once we have properly identified a specific emotion. 6. Keeping Your Personal Data Secure We will treat your data with the utmost care and take all reasonable steps to protect it. With that in mind, we have a range of robust policies, processes, and technical measures in place, and maintain physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal data. If you believe your personal data has been breached, please contact us immediately by email at privacynotice@eidosmontreal.com. 7. Who We Share Personal Data With Third parties may process information about your use of our games on our behalf.We provide these trusted third parties only the information they need to perform their specific services for the purposes we specify in our contract with them. If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be securely and permanently deleted or rendered irreversibly anonymous. In all cases, we apply measures to keep your data safe and your privacy protected. We may share your personal data with third-party IT companies who support our online services and other business systems, as well as fraud detection and prevention companies who help us prevent, detect, and investigate cheating, abuse, fraud, tampering, or other unauthorized use of our games or services. We may share your information with our affiliate companies within and outside of the United States. In the event some or all of our company will be acquired by another party, we may share your information with the acquiring party. Under very specific circumstances, we will share your personal data with third parties (including law enforcement bodies) in order to investigate and prevent fraudulent or criminal (or potentially fraudulent or criminal) activity. We may also be required by law to disclose your personal data to the police or to another law enforcement, regulatory, or government body in your country of origin or elsewhere, including upon receiving a legally valid request to do so. We assess these requests on a case-by-case basis, and we take the privacy of our playtesters into consideration when responding. 8. Where Your Personal Data is Processed We are a global organization, so we sometimes need to share your personal data with our other offices or affiliates, or with other third parties and suppliers who may be located in a jurisdiction outside of where your personal data was collected. When it is necessary for us to transfer your personal data to another country, we will only do so where the transfer is authorized under applicable data protection and privacy laws. Your personal data may be processed by our service providers in Canada, the United States of America and the United-Kingdom. 9. How Long We Hold Your Data for We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which the data was collected and for no longer than is necessary after that. We will securely destroy or irreversibly anonymize the information once it is no longer necessary to retain it. We operate a data retention policy and continually review it to ensure we are not holding onto your information for longer than is necessary. 10. Your Rights Over Your Personal Data This section describes the various rights you have over your personal data. Your right of access You have the right to request copies of your personal data. This right always applies. However, there are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the personal data you request. Your right to rectification You have the right to request that we rectify information you think is inaccurate or complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies. Your right to erasure You have the right to request that we erase your personal data in certain circumstances. Your right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. Your right to object to processing You have the right to object to us processing your personal data under certain circumstances. Your right to data portability You have the right to request that we transfer your personal data to another organisation, or that we provide a copy of it to you. You are not required to pay any charge for exercising these rights. To exercise your above rights, or any other rights available to you under applicable law, please email us at privacynotice@eidosmontreal.com You may also lodge a complaint regarding our use of your personal data. If you have such a complaint, we ask that you please tell us first so we can have a chance to look into your concerns. If you remain unsatisfied, you can contact your local Supervisory Authority, as applicable under privacy laws that apply to you, such as Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada on their website at https://www.priv.gc.ca/en/report-a-concern/ . 11. Data Protection Officer We have appointed a data protection officer for you to contact if you have any questions or concerns about your personal data. Our data protection officer can be contacted by email at: privacynotice@eidosmontreal.com, or by writing to: Eidos-Montréal DPO – Legal Department 400, Boulevard De Maisonneuve Ouest 5th Floor Montréal (Québec) H3A1L4 Canada 12. Changes and Updates to This Playtest Privacy Notice As our games and services change from time to time so may our playtest session, and you should expect this Playtest Privacy Notice to change as well. We reserve the right to amend this Playtest Privacy Notice at any time, for any reason.We will do our best to notify you of any changes. We may also email periodic reminders of this Playtest Privacy Notice. 13. Any Question? You made it to the end! We do hope you have enjoyed reading this Playtest Privacy Notice and we commend you on your dedication to understanding how we handle your personal data and your rights to control it. If this Playtest Privacy Notice hasn’t answered all your questions, or if you have any comments or ideas about how we can make this Playtest Privacy Notice even better, please contact us at privacynotice@eidosmontreal.com Captcha : NotificationsGeneral Privacy Notice Last Updated: January 30, 2023 This is the Eidos Interactive Corporation General Privacy Notice. If you are located anywhere other than the United States, this General Privacy Notice applies to you. If you are located in the United States, please review the U.S. Privacy Notice . 1. Introduction / Controller 2. How & When We Collect Your Personal Data From the moment you begin interacting with us, we are collecting personal data. Sometimes the personal data we collect is provided by you and sometimes it is collected automatically. You give us data if and when you: register or update a user account with us, use our paid-for services, play one of our games, enter one of our tournaments, apply for a job with us, attend an interview or assessment, opt-in to receive our marketing messages, subscribe to our mailing lists, call us, email us, live chat with us online, chat to us in-game, make a purchase from us, enter one of our prize draws or competitions, answer one of our surveys, fill in a form, conduct a search or post content on our website, interact with other users on our online services, register to attend our events, ‘follow’, ‘like’, or post to or interact with our social media accounts. We collect your data automatically if and when you: access our website pages, interact with other users on our online services, open an email from us, login to a user account that you register with us, play our games online, live chat with us, message us or other users in-game or make a purchase from us. 3. Types of Personal Data We Collect Depending on the specific services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect various types of personal data as further described in this section. a) Contact Details : Your name, address, telephone number and email address. b) Account Profile Data : Your name, email address, birth date, gender, username and password. c) Financial Data : Your bank account number, credit/debit card details, currency, amount paid, electronic payment processor details and billing address. d) Identifiers Relating to You : Your birth date, IP address, login information, social media username(s), browser type and version, Internet service provider, date and time of access request, time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), access status/HTTP status code, data volume transferred, websites from which you come to our website, websites accessed through our websites, time zone setting, browser plug-in types, geolocation information, operating system and version, cookies and cookie IDs, Google AdID, Apple IDFA and other unique device IDs. e) Data On How And When You Use Our Websites : Your URL clickstreams (the path you take through our site), products/services you view or purchase, page response times, download errors, how long you stay on our pages, what you do on those pages and other actions. f) Data On How You Purchase And Use Our Games And Services : Your gaming platform, game version, mobile and hardware identifiers, device event information, crash reports, language or subtitle options, game scores, game metrics, achievements, rankings, play time, feature usage, player performance and progression, purchases, time zone, timestamp, session duration, wish lists, challenges or gifts sent to other players and number of friends on the platform. g) Survey Data : Any data that you decide to provide to us when you complete one of our surveys. h) Application Data (only when you apply for job roles with us) : Name, email address, employment history, references, education history, results of pre-employment screening and background checks, relevant experience, achievements, skills and qualifications and the outcome of any interviews or tests that are part of the recruitment process. i) Data Recorded At Live Events : Photographs and videos (including audio) of you. j) Personal Data Provided To Us By Third Parties: Game Platforms : Nickname, username, user ID, friends list, email address, geolocation, language, user preferences, date of birth and games you have played. Mobile Platform Providers and App Stores : Username, device ID, purchase history and geo-location. When you log in with your Facebook account : Account ID, email address and friends playing the same game. When you link a user account that you register with us to a Game Platform Account : Account ID, nickname, user ID, email address and our games which you are playing. k) What about special categories of data / sensitive data? If you have been selected to participate in an accessibility-related player research group, we may ask for health data related to your accessibility needs for the purpose of analysing accessibility as it relates to our game development.Otherwise, we do not actively collect any “special categories of data” about you (data that is intended to identify your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious/philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, health data, or data about your sexual life or orientation). The same applies to personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences or alleged offences. Please don’t send us your unsolicited special categories of data or post them anywhere on our services. l) What about children’s data? You must be at least 14 years old to use any of our services or games, as we do not target our games to children under 14 and do not knowingly collect any personal data from any person under 14. If you think we have unintentionally collected personal data from someone under the age of 14, please let us know by contacting us at the email address at the end of this document. 4. Why & How We Use Your Personal Data We will use your personal data only for certain specified reasons and only when we have a lawful basis to do so. Which of the following reasons is applicable to you depends on the type of relationship we have with you and how we interact with you. For example, we will not use your personal data for the purpose of processing payments unless you’ve made, or attempted to make, a purchase from us. a) Registering your account When you sign up to use our services or register a user account with us, we will use the details you provide on your account registration form to process your registration and provide the services you’ve agreed to receive. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal basis for this use of your personal data is: performance of contract. b) Keeping our websites and gaming services running Providing you our games and services online, access to our websites, login authentication, age verification, remembering your settings, processing payments, populating leaderboards, hosting and back-end infrastructure and keeping our websites and services secure. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data are: performance of contract, to comply with our legal obligations, and legitimate interests to keep our services running. c) Enabling you to communicate with other users Certain parts of our websites and online services enable you to communicate and interact with other users. We will use personal data you have provided us to enable these interactions and communications on our websites and online services. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal basis for this use of your personal data is: performance of contract. d) Processing payments We will use your personal data to process payments for our goods and services. If your bank provides account update services and you have registered your payment card number or expiry date in our systems, we may automatically update this information when it changes. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal basis for this use of your personal data is: performance of contract. e) Targeted advertising Through cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons and tracking pixels we will use your personal data to deliver relevant advertisements and offers to you and measure the effectiveness of the advertising and offers. These technologies connect your behaviour across different websites, mobile apps and devices and enable tailored advertising to be served to your game, web browser, or mobile device. Please also see below under Section 8 regarding cookies and our Cookies Notice (links below). If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal basis for this use of your personal data is: your consent. f) Social media We will use your personal data to communicate with you if you message us, respond to our posts, “like” our posts, tweet or retweet us or otherwise interact with us directly on social media platforms. We also analyse social media postings and trends to understand customer sentiment about our games and services. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal basis for this use of your personal data is: our legitimate interests in promoting our brand and communicating with interested individuals. g) Anti-cheat, anti-tampering, fraud, and unauthorised and unlawful activity detection, prevention and investigation We use the personal data you provide us and the personal data we collect about you to enforce our rules and policies, protect our customers and business, maintain the competitive integrity of our games, and investigate and respond to fraudulent, unauthorised or illegal activity on or related to our current or future services. We may also use your information for machine learning behavioural predictions to detect and prevent fraudulent activities on our services.If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data are: our legitimate interests to operate a safe and lawful business or where we have a legal obligation to do so. h) Community and customer support When you use our communities or customer support, we will use your personal data for handling enquiries or complaints, troubleshooting and solving technical issues over live chat, phone, email and in-game chat, making necessary changes to our products and services and monitoring your participation in our forums and all parts of our services that allow you to publicly post information or interact with other users. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data are: performance of contract, our legitimate interests to provide you with customer service, our legitimate interests in providing the correct products and services to our website users or to comply with our legal obligations. i) Improving and continually developing our games, services and websites We carry out surveys and analytics and research on in-game data collection and related metrics to understand how our customers are playing games and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We also use your personal data to undertake player segmentation (profiling), cheat detection and prevention, machine learning (we sometimes use carefully selected third parties to do this on our behalf), general management of our websites, traffic optimisation and heat mapping (including through the creation of animated representations) of your usage of our websites. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data are: performance of contract; consent or our legitimate interests in learning about the types of people who are interested in our games, websites, and services; to keep our games, online services, and websites updated and relevant; and to develop our business, understand how our customers play our games, and inform our marketing strategy. j) Recruitment To evaluate your suitability for a role that you have applied for we will use your personal data to verify your application details, academic qualifications and work experience, perform background checks, review and audit our recruitment processes and its outcomes and identify any future employment opportunities that you may be suitable for. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal basis for this use of your personal data is: performance of contract or our legitimate interests to recruit new employees or contractors. k) Contests, prize draws, and tournaments When you participate in our contests, prize draws, tournaments or other promotional events we run from time to time, should you decide to participate in them, we will use your personal data to process your entry as well as to communicate with you and award and send you certain prizes or rewards, either digitally or physically, if you have qualified to receive them. In some cases our promotional events may have a “leaderboard,” entry list, or similar element, in which case we may display your name or other information you submitted on such a publicly accessible list. Some contests, prize draws, and tournaments will also involve publicly displaying your entry in media throughout the world. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data are: your consent or performance of contract. l) Live Events When you attend or join our live events, we may photograph you and record videos in which you, your appearance, or your voice may be recognisable. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data are: consent or our legitimate interests if you are a guest at the event or consent or performance of contract if you are a contestant. m) Digital marketing and advertising We will use your personal data to provide you with promotional communications and paid advertisements on our services and on third-party platforms. This includes using your personal data for matching your data across our websites, games and services to measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, profiling and segmentation and to tailor promotional communications and paid advertisements to those which you are more likely to be interested in. We also use machine learning to predict the effectiveness of digital marketing campaigns for our customers and to tailor campaigns and digital marketing communications, including through purchase history and game play behavioural analysis. For information about how we use cookies in this context please refer to Section 8 below. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data is: consent and to the extent consent is not required our legitimate interests to provide you with marketing communications or advertising where we may lawfully do so.n) Direct marketing Where you have consented, we will use your personal data to send you communications about our services, products and features that you have agreed to receive directly via email. We also use machine learning to predict the effectiveness of direct marketing campaigns for our customers and to tailor campaigns and direct marketing communications, including through purchase history and game play behavioural analysis. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this use of your personal data is: your consent. o) Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) Under very specific circumstances, we will process your personal data and share it with third parties (including law enforcement bodies) in order to respond to or investigate fraudulent, unauthorised or criminal (or potentially fraudulent, unauthorised or criminal) activity on or related to our systems, services, or events, including the unauthorized disclosure of non-public information related to current or future services. We may also be required by law to disclose your personal data to the police or to another law enforcement, regulatory, government or other public body in your country of origin or elsewhere, including upon receiving a legally valid request to do so. We may also be required by law to disclose your personal data to third parties in response to a court order, subpoena, or other compulsory process. If you are located in the EU/EEA or the UK, our legal bases for this is legal obligation or legitimate interest. 5. What the Different Legal Bases Mean This section explains what the legal bases we rely on for processing your personal data actually mean (as applicable in your local jurisdiction). a) Consent You have provided consent for us to process your personal data for a specific purpose (if you are located in the EU/EEA Art. 6 (1) a GDPR). You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. b) Performance of Contract We need to process your personal data for us to fulfil our contractual relationship with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (if you are located in the EU/EEA Art. 6 (1) b GDPR). c) Legitimate interests We need to process your personal data for our legitimate interests, or the legitimate interests of a third party, e.g., in conducting and managing our business and our relationship with you, except when such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular when the data subject is a child (if you are located in the EU/EEA Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). When we use your personal data for our legitimate interests, we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you. d) Legal obligation We have a legal obligation under applicable law to process your personal data (if you are located in the EU/EEA Art. 6 (1) c GDPR). 6. Keeping Your Personal Data Secure We treat your personal data with care and take reasonable steps to protect it, including the use of physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For this reason, we secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps, restrict access to your personal data, secure and tokenise transactional information and regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. If you believe your personal data has been breached, please contact us at the email address at the end of this document. 7. Recipients With Whom We Share Personal Data Depending on the purpose for which we collect your personal data or the nature of our interaction with you, we may use third parties to process some of your personal data (for example, we engage third parties to process information about your purchases and use of our games). We require that these third parties use only the information they need to perform their specific services as specified in our contract with them. If we stop using any such third party’s services, we require that your personal data held by them is either securely and permanently deleted or rendered irreversibly anonymous. In all cases, we apply measures to keep your data safe and your privacy protected. We share your personal data with third-party IT companies who support our website, online services and other business systems, payment services providers who process your payments for goods and services, fraud detection, investigation and prevention companies who help us detect, investigate and prevent cheating, abuse, fraud, tampering or other unauthorised use of or disclosure of non-public information about our current and future services and direct marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you.We may share your personal data with Google, Facebook and other third-party advertising partners so they can show you our products and services that might be of interest to you while you are on a social media platform, browsing the internet or playing our mobile games (see above under Section 4(e)). For example, if you provide us with your email address we may share it with Facebook so that you can receive tailored advertising from us when you use Facebook, and so that other users of Facebook who share similar interests to you can also receive tailored advertising from us. We may share your personal data with governmental authorities, courts, external advisors, and similar third parties that are public bodies or with other (private) third parties as required or permitted by applicable law (see above under Section 4(o)). 8. Cookies We use cookies and similar technologies for analytics, to allow our services to operate effectively, to enhance your experience when using our services and to bring you relevant advertising. Please have a look at our Cookies Notice (available at https://www.eidosmontreal.com/cookies ) for more information. 9. Where Your Personal Data is Processed We are a global organisation, so we sometimes will share your personal data with our other offices, or with other third parties and suppliers, who are located outside your country and the European Economic Area (“ EEA “) or may have relevant operations outside of your country and the EEA, such as in the USA, where the data protection laws may provide a different level of protection compared to the laws in your jurisdiction. When it is necessary for us to transfer your personal data out of the EEA and/or the UK, we will do so only when the transfer is authorised under applicable law, including when the transfer is made to a country the European Commission has deemed to have adequate data protection laws. The countries which provide an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective currently include Andorra, Argentina, Canada, Faeroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Switzerland and the Eastern Republic of Uruguay. With regard to data transfers to other recipients outside the EEA we provide appropriate safeguards, in particular, by way of entering into data transfer agreements adopted by the European Commission (e.g., based on standard contractual clauses) with the recipients or taking other measures to provide an adequate level of data protection, where this is required under applicable law. 10. How Long We Keep Your Data We store personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the respective purposes. When we no longer need personal data to comply with our contractual or legal obligations, we will securely destroy or irreversibly anonymise your personal data. We will deviate from this general policy only if we have to fulfill legal or official obligations (e.g., statutory retention obligations, including statutory retention periods which can result from commercial and tax law—for example, in the EU or Germany, the retention periods are typically between six and ten years for contracts, notifications and business letters) or if we need it to preserve evidence within a statute of limitation. 11. Your Rights over your Personal Data Under applicable data protection law, you have the right, in addition to the right to withdraw your consent at any time (the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal), to make a complaint to a data protection supervisory authority. In addition, you may be entitled to the following rights (though these rights may be restricted by national law). To exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details provided under 14 below. a) Your right of access You may have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and, if that is the case, to request access to the personal data. The right of access includes, among other things, access to the purposes of the processing, the categories of the personal data is being processed, and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data is being disclosed. However, this right is not unrestricted as the rights of other persons may limit your right of access. In certain circumstances, you have the right to receive a copy of the personal data processed by us. For further copies requested by you, we charge a reasonable fee, where relevant calculated on the basis of administrative costs b) Your right to rectification You have the right to request that we rectify information you think is inaccurate or complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies. c) Your right to erasure You have the right to request that we erase your personal data in certain circumstances.d) Your right to restriction of processing You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. In that case, the data concerned will be marked and only processed by us for certain purposes. e) Your right to data portability Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to receive personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit that data to a different controller without hindrance from us. f) Right to object Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data by us on grounds arising from your particular situation, and we can be required not to process your personal data any longer. If personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have an additional right to object at any time to the processing of personal data in relation to you for the purpose of such marketing. This also applies to profiling where this is connected to direct marketing. In that case, we will no longer process the applicable personal data for these purposes. 12. Changes and Updates to this Privacy Notice As our services and products change from time to time, you should expect this Privacy Notice to change as well. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time, for any reason. We will make all reasonable endeavours to notify you of any changes. We may also email periodic reminders of this Privacy Notice of any material changes to this Privacy Notice. Nevertheless, you should check here regularly to see the current Privacy Notice that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. 13. Any Questions? Contact Us You made it to the end! We hope you enjoyed reading this Privacy Notice and we commend you on your dedication to understanding how we handle your personal data and your rights to control it. If this Privacy Notice hasn’t answered all your questions, or if you have any comments or ideas about how we can make this Privacy Notice even better, or if you wish to file a complaint, or make any request authorized by this Policy, please don’t hesitate to contact us at the following mailing address or email: For Eidos Interactive: Eidos Interactive Corp. 400 de Maisonneuve West, 5th floor, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3A 1L4 PrivacyNotice [at] eidosmontreal.com Captcha : NotificationsPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: