Privacy Policy Common ID Cookie This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking here . We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . How we use cookies to improve your browsing experience on this website In this Cookies Policy, any use of the words "you", "yours" or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website whatsoever. Terms such as "we", "us, "our" or similar expressions shall mean Eliteprospects.com and it's parent company Everysport Media Group AB. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your devices's hard drive or other memory storage. They are often used as a mechanism for websites to remember useful information, such as your login details, and can contribute to ease of use when navigating a website. Our cookies cannot identify you personally. How we use cookies Cookies on our website are used for a variety of different purposes, but generally speaking their use breaks down into the following categories: How you can remove and block cookies You can manage cookies by activating the setting on your Internet browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. If your browser allows it, you may also use "incognito mode" which deletes cookies automatically every time you close your browser. Read more about how to remove or block cookies by following this link. ( https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050 ) Please note, if you do turn cookies off, this will limit the service that we are able to provide to you and may affect your user experience. Changes to cookie policy Our policies and procedures are under continual review. We may, from time to time, update our cookies policy. Any such changes will be posted on this page. Personal data If you want us to delete your registered user account data, please send an email to privacy@eliteprospects.com . Note that we do not delete actual player profiles and public information/stats, only your personal information stored in a user account if you have previously registered one. Find out more here. Popular Nations Popular Leagues Popular Teams Links Social Media © Copyright Elite Prospects 1999-2023, www.eliteprospects.com ShareThis Copy and Paste