Children’s Privacy Policy The Walt Disney Family of Companies (“TWDC”) is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. This Children’s Online Privacy Policy explains our information collection, disclosure, and parental consent practices with respect to information provided by children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”), and uses terms that are defined in our general Privacy Policy . This policy is in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and outlines our practices in the United States regarding children’s personal information. For more information about COPPA and general tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online . The Walt Disney Company’s Child Directed Websites and Mobile Apps are included in PRIVO’s Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. PRIVO aims to help parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. The PRIVO COPPA certification seal posted on this page indicates The Walt Disney Company has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at (877) 466-6669 or privacycontact@twdc.com . If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com . Expand All Collapse All Accordion Toggle 1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM CHILDREN, HOW WE USE IT, AND HOW AND WHEN WE COMMUNICATE WITH PARENTS TWDC offers to its users a range of sites and applications, some of which are primarily targeted at children, and others that are intended for users of all ages and their families. Our sites and applications offer a variety of activities, including activities that may collect information from children. Below we summarize potential instances of collection and outline how and when we will provide parental notice and/or seek parental consent. In any instance that we collect personal information from a child, we will retain that information only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity request or allow the child to continue to participate in the activity, and ensure the security of our users and our services, or as required by law. In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection. Registration Children can, in many cases, register with our sites and applications to view content, play games, participate in contests, and engage in special features, among other things. During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including a parent or guardian’s email address, the child’s first name and gender, the child’s member or account username, and password. We also may ask for birth dates from children to validate their ages. We strongly advise children never to provide any personal information in their usernames. Please note that children can choose whether to share their information with us, but certain features cannot function without it. As a result, children may not be able to access certain features if required information has not been provided. We will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in an online activity. About the collection of parent email address: Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, on any child-targeted site or application, or in any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is age 12 or under, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect any personal information from the child. If you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent/guardian have NOT received an email providing notice or seeking your consent, please feel free to contact us at privacycontact@twdc.com . We will not use parent emails provided for parental consent purposes to market to the parent, unless the parent has expressly opted in to email marketing or has separately participated in an activity that allows for such email contact. Content Generated by a Child Certain activities on our sites and applications allow children to create or manipulate content and save it with TWDC.Some of these activities do not require children to provide any personal information and therefore may not result in notice to the parent or require parental consent. If an activity potentially allows a child to insert personal information in their created content, we will either pre-screen the submission to delete any personal information, or we will seek verifiable parental consent by email for the collection. Examples of created content that may include personal information are stories or other open-text fields, and drawings that allow text or free-hand entry of information. If, in addition to collecting content that includes personal information, TWDC also plans to post the content publicly or share it with a third party for the third party’s own use, we will obtain a higher level of parental consent. About Verifiable Parental Consent: Email Consent. In the event TWDC wishes to collect personal information from a child, COPPA requires that we first seek a parent or guardian’s consent by email. In the email we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent. If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the parent contact information and any other information collected from the child in connection with that activity. High-Level Consent. In the event TWDC collects personal information from a child that will be posted publicly, we will seek a higher level of consent than email consent. Such “high-level” methods of consent include but are not limited to asking for a credit card or other payment method for verification (with a nominal charge involved), speaking to a trained customer service representative by telephone or video chat, or requiring a signed consent form by mail, email attachment, or fax. After providing high-level consent, a parent may have the opportunity to use a pin or password in future communications as a way to confirm the parent’s identity. Teacher consent in lieu of a parent. With regard to school-based activities, COPPA allows teachers and school administrators to act in the stead of parents to provide consent for the collection of personal information from children. Schools should always notify parents about these activities. For more information on parental rights with respect to a child’s educational record under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), please visit the FERPA site . Chat Certain games and activities that are directed to children allow users to communicate directly with other users by means of a chat system. In most cases, these chat systems employ filters that are intended to prevent the communication of both personal information and age-inappropriate words and phrases. In addition to filters, we may employ live moderation and/or encourage other users to flag inappropriate communications. We strongly encourage children who use these interactive features on our sites and applications never to provide personal information about themselves or any third party, and certainly never to attempt to circumvent our filters or moderation. We also recommend that parents carefully supervise their children when the children participate in online activities. Where TWDC employs a chat system that does not filter all or nearly all personal information, we will first seek high-level consent from the parent. Contests and Sweepstakes For contests and sweepstakes, we typically require only the information necessary for a child to participate, such as first name (to distinguish among family members) and parent email address (to notify the parent where required by law). We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes when the child wins the contest or sweepstakes. Of course, some contests and sweepstakes ask the child to submit their own created content along with the child’s entry. In those instances, we may require parental consent prior to submission. Please see Content Generated by a Child above for more information on our collection, notice, and consent policies. Email Contact with a Child On occasion, in order to respond to a question or request from a child, TWDC may need to ask for the child’s online contact information, such as an email address. TWDC will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request. In connection with certain activities or services, we may collect a child’s online contact information, such as an email address, in order to communicate with the child more than once. In such instances we will retain the child’s online contact information to honor the request and for no other purpose such as marketing. One example would be a newsletter that provides occasional updates about a site, game/activity, television show, personality/character, or feature movie.Whenever we collect a child’s online contact information for ongoing communications, we will simultaneously require a parent email address in order to notify the parent about the collection and use of the child’s information, as well as to provide the parent an opportunity to prevent further contact with the child. On some occasions a child may be engaged in more than one ongoing communication, and a parent may be required to “opt-out” of each communication individually. Push Notifications Push notifications are notifications on mobile and other devices that are typically associated with downloaded applications, and which can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use. We will require a child to provide a parent email address before the child can receive push notifications from our child-directed applications that collect a device identifier. We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent the opportunity to prevent further notifications. Finally, we will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent. Geolocation Data If a child-directed TWDC site or application collects geolocation information that is specific enough to equate to the collection of a street address, we will first seek parental consent via email. Persistent Identifiers When children interact with us, certain information may automatically be collected, both to make our sites and applications more interesting and useful to children and for various purposes related to our business. Examples include the type of computer operating system, the child’s IP address or mobile device identifier, the web browser, the frequency with which the child visits various parts of our sites or applications, and information regarding the online or mobile service provider. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other unique identifiers (which we define under the “ Online Tracking Technologies ” section of our general Privacy Policy ). This information may be collected by TWDC or by a third party. This data is principally used for internal purposes only, in order to: provide children with access to features and activities on our sites and applicationscustomize content and improve our sites and applicationsconduct research and analysis to address the performance of our sites and applicationsgenerate anonymous reporting for use by TWDC In the event we collect (or allow others to collect) such information from children on our sites and applications for other purposes, we will notify parents and obtain consent prior to such collection. Visit the Third-Party Operators page to see the list of third-party operators who collect persistent identifiers on our sites and applications. Please contact us at the mailing address, email, or phone number below with questions about the operators’ privacy policies and collection and use practices: Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank, CA 91521-7667 United States of America Phone: (877) 466-6669 Email: privacycontact@twdc.com Accordion Toggle 2. WHEN INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN IS AVAILABLE TO OTHERS In addition to those rare instances where a child’s personal information is posted publicly (after receiving high-level parental consent), we also may share or disclose personal information collected from children in a limited number of instances, including the following: We may share information with our service providers if necessary for them to perform a business, professional, or technology support function for us.We may disclose personal information if permitted or required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose personal information collected from children (i) in response to a law enforcement or public agency’s (including schools or children services) request; (ii) if we believe disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our sites or applications; (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our sites, applications, and other technology, as well as the technology of our service providers; or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability. Accordion Toggle 3. PARENTAL CHOICES AND CONTROLS At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their children in association with a particular account, and can request that we delete from our records the personal information we have collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a termination of an account, membership, or other service.Where a child has registered for a Disney.com account, we use two methods to allow parents to access, change, or delete the personally identifiable information that we have collected from their children: Parents can request access to and delete their child’s personal information by logging on to the child’s account . Parents will need their child’s username and password. The Your Account home page explains how to recover a password if the child cannot recall it.Parents can contact Guest Services to request access to, change, or delete their child’s personal information by sending an email to us at ms_support@help.go.com . A valid request to delete personal information will be accommodated within a reasonable time. Any other inquiries may be directed to: Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank, CA 91521-7667 United States of America Phone: (877) 466-6669 (US and Canada) Email: privacycontact@twdc.com In any correspondence such as e-mail or mail, please include the child’s username and the parent’s email address and telephone number. To protect children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify a parent’s identity before granting access to any personal information. Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelYour US State Privacy Rights This page contains additional information relevant to residents of certain US states that have their own data privacy laws and regulations, and associated rights. This content should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy . Expand All Collapse All Accordion Toggle CALIFORNIA This notice to California residents is provided under California law. It provides our “Notice at Collection,” provides certain mandated disclosures about our treatment of California residents’ information, both online and offline, explains your privacy rights, and provides our “Notice of Financial Incentives.” NOTICE AT COLLECTION We may collect the following categories of personal information (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Customer Records statute), including sensitive personal information (as defined in the CCPA): Identifiers , such as name, email address, username and password, postal address, telephone number, signature, government-issued identifier, license plate number, IP address, and other similar identifiers. Characteristics of protected classifications and demographic information , such as gender, age, race, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military/veteran status, marital status, national origin, and medical information. Commercial information , including information about your interests and consuming history or tendencies, such as products or services considered; transaction information when you request information, contact Guest Services, or purchase, return, request or exchange a product or service, including payment card information or other financial information; information provided in response to surveys or other research conducted on our behalf; and information you provide in public forums. Internet or other electronic network activity information , including information regarding your interactions with us online and information we obtain from third parties about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices. Geolocation data , including precise or approximate location information provided by a mobile device or other device or product interacting with or detected by our sites, applications, or physical properties, where we are permitted by law to process this information. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information , including telephone call recordings, other voice recordings, and still or video images captured by cameras or readers on or around our physical properties. Inferences based on the above. We collect this information so that we can best serve you, including to fulfill your requests and to share offers or information that we think you may be interested in. As further described in the “ Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies ” section in our Privacy Policy, we generally collect and use the above-listed categories of personal information to provide and manage our sites, applications, products, and services, and for other business or commercial purposes, such as advertising, marketing, and to improve our products and services. Certain data collection on our sites and applications by third parties for purposes of interest-based advertising and social media tools may be a “sale” or “sharing” under California privacy law. As defined by California law, we “sold” or “shared” certain data elements within the following categories of personal information: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, approximate geolocation, and inferences drawn from the above. If you would like to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, you may click the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings. Please note that your opt-out choice is specific to the digital property and to the device and browser you are using. You may additionally choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out request more broadly than for a specific digital property. We retain each category of personal information that we collect for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in our Privacy Policy , including to satisfy legal or reporting requirements. What this means in practice will vary for different types of information, but the criteria assessed in the data retention analysis take into account ongoing business or legal needs for the information, for example in relation to tax, health and safety, and potential or actual disputes or investigations. More information, including a description of your legal rights, can be found in the “California Privacy Rights” section below.ADDITIONAL PRIVACY MANDATORY DISCLOSURES We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with California privacy law: We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications and demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from our guests, third-party sites or platforms that you link with your registration account, analytics tools, social networks, advertising networks, and third-party services that update or supplement information we hold about you. The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized in our “Notice at Collection” section, and as described in more detail in our Privacy Policy under “ Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies .”We disclosed certain data elements within the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications and demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to business partners, service providers, government entities, and other third parties as described in the “ Sharing Your Personal Information with Other Entities ” section of the Privacy Policy. As defined by applicable law, we “sold” or “shared” certain data elements within the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, approximate geolocation, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” or “shared” each category to or with entities who provide advertising, marketing, or audience measurement; other online third-party branded tools or functionality (such as maps or video players); and social networks. The business or commercial purposes of “selling” or “sharing” personal information is to assist us with advertising, marketing, audience measurement, and other functionality on our digital properties.We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in Section 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Right to Know You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information we have collected about you, as well as the sources of such personal information, the purposes, and the categories of third parties with whom such personal information is shared. Right to Access You have the right to request, up to two times each year, access to categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, sell, and share. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collect from you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information You have the right to “opt out” of the “sale” or “sharing” of your “personal information” to or with “third parties” (as those terms are defined by applicable law). Removal of Content If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. Shine the Light California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. The Walt Disney Family of Companies does not share guests’ personal information with other member companies or others outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so. Right Not to Receive Discriminatory Treatment You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, you will not receive different prices or quality of services unless permitted by applicable law, including if those differences are reasonably related to your information.For example, if you exercise your right to opt out of “sale” or “sharing” of your ”personal information,” the ads you view may not be tailored to your interests. EXERCISING YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Requests to Know, Access, Delete, or Correct Your Personal Information To make a request to know or to make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information To submit a request to “opt out” of the “sale” or “sharing” of your “personal information,” you may click the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Instructions for Using an Authorized Agent to Make Requests You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request on your behalf. An authorized agent must have your signed permission to submit a request on your behalf or provide proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with applicable law. Before completing requests from authorized agents, we may contact you directly to confirm you’ve given your permission and/or to verify your identity. Authorized agents may submit requests at usprivacy.disney.com/agents . Making Requests for Removal of Content California residents under the age of 18 may make requests to remove content by sending an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed to usprivacy@twdc.com . Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested. Making Shine the Light Request To make a request for information under the Shine the Light Act, please send an email to usprivacy@twdc.com . CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS METRICS Request to Know Requests Received: 474 Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 377 Requests Denied*: 97 Average Days to Complete: 7 Request to Delete Requests Received: 2,919 Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 2,589 Requests Denied*: 330 Average Days to Complete: 6 Do Not Sell My Personal Information Requests Received: 62,930 Requests Completed in Whole or in Part: 62,930 Requests Denied*: 0 Average Days to Complete: 1 This data reflects all requests received from individuals in the US as well as certain requests from individuals outside of the US between January 1 and December 31, 2022. * Requests may be denied in whole or in part due to various factors including because a request was not verifiable, was not made by a consumer, was made multiple times, or called for information exempt from disclosure. NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVES Members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may offer various and different loyalty or promotional programs that provide certain benefits to our guests. For example, we may provide special offers or discounts to our guests as part of certain programs, promotional campaigns, subscriptions, or other offerings. We may also provide discounts when guests sign up to receive marketing messages or when guests claim a specific offer. In this Notice of Financial Incentives, we refer to these various programs and offerings as the “Programs.” To learn more about the details of our Programs, including the material terms, please visit our Loyalty Programs/Financial Incentives page , where you can review the specific terms of each Program and learn how to opt out at any time in accordance with the applicable terms of each program. If you have any questions or require assistance, please contact us at usprivacy@twdc.com . In general, we collect personal information to support and fulfill the Programs, which could include identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. For additional details on the types of information we may collect, please see “ Types of Information We Collect ” in our Privacy Policy. Because we collect personal information, the Programs may be considered to be “financial incentives” or “price or service differences” under California law.To the extent the Programs are reasonably related to the value of guest personal information, the method for calculating this value would include the expenses related to our offer (such as the costs of providing discounts, free shipping, or other promotions, intellectual property or marketing costs, and other related expenses). The value of the guest personal information that we collect will vary depending on the engagement by each guest. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have a question about our privacy policies and information practices, please send an email to usprivacy@twdc.com . Accordion Toggle COLORADO Colorado law provides Colorado residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and Sale of Personal Data You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” and the “sale” of your “personal data” (as defined under Colorado law). EXERCISING YOUR COLORADO PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising or the Sale of Personal Data To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” or the “sale” of your “personal data,” you may click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Instructions for Using an Authorized Agent to Make Requests You may use an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request on your behalf. An authorized agent must have your signed permission to submit a request on your behalf or provide proof that they have power of attorney in accordance with applicable law. Before completing requests from authorized agents, we may contact you directly to confirm you’ve given your permission and/or to verify your identity. Authorized agents may submit requests at usprivacy.disney.com/agents . To appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights, you may email us at usprivacy@twdc.com . NOTICE ABOUT OUR LOYALTY PROGRAMS Members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may offer various and different loyalty or promotional programs that provide certain benefits to our guests. For example, we may provide special offers or discounts to our guests as part of certain programs, promotional campaigns, subscriptions, or other offerings. We may also provide discounts when guests sign up to receive marketing messages or when guests claim a specific offer. In this notice about our loyalty programs, we refer to these various programs and offerings as the “Programs.” To learn more about the details of our Programs, including the material terms, please visit our Loyalty Programs/Financial Incentives page , where you can review the specific terms of each Program and learn how to opt out at any time in accordance with the applicable terms of each program. If you have any questions or require assistance, please contact us at usprivacy@twdc.com . In general, we collect personal information to support and fulfill the Programs, which could include identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. For additional details on the types of information we may collect, please see “ Types of Information We Collect ” in our Privacy Policy. The Programs may be considered to be “bona fide loyalty programs” under Colorado law. As personal information is necessary to fulfill the Program benefits, if you decide to exercise your deletion rights, you will not be able to participate in the Programs.To the extent the Programs are reasonably related to the value of guest personal information, the method for calculating this value would include the expenses related to our offer (such as the costs of providing discounts, free shipping, or other promotions, intellectual property or marketing costs, and other related expenses). The value of the guest personal information that we collect will vary depending on the engagement by each guest. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have a question about our privacy policies, please send an email to usprivacy@twdc.com . Accordion Toggle CONNECTICUT Connecticut law provides Connecticut residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and Sale of Personal Data You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” and the “sale” of your “personal data” (as defined under Connecticut law). EXERCISING YOUR CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising or the Sale of Personal Data To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” or the “sale” of your “personal data,” you may click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Instructions for Using an Authorized Agent to Make Requests You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt out of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data. Authorized agents may submit such requests at usprivacy.disney.com/agents . Authorized agents can make a request on your behalf if we are provided with verification of your identity and confirmation that you provided the agent authority to act on your behalf. To appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights, you may email us at usprivacy@twdc.com . Accordion Toggle UTAH Utah law provides Utah residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” (as defined under Utah law). We do not “sell” personal data as defined under Utah law. EXERCISING YOUR UTAH PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access and Deletion Requests To make an access or deletion request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” you may click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footers or in our application settings, or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. Accordion Toggle VIRGINIA Virginia law provides Virginia residents with the rights listed below. Right to Access You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a usable format. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data. Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising You have the right to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” (as defined under Virginia law). We do not “sell” personal data as defined under Virginia law.EXERCISING YOUR VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Making Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests To make an access, deletion, or correction request, please visit usprivacy.disney.com . To submit a request by phone, you may call (877) 466-6669. Before completing your request, we may need to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. Making Requests to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising To submit a request to “opt out” of “targeted advertising” you may click on the link “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” on the footer of our websites or you may choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. To appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights, you may email us at usprivacy@twdc.com . Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelDigital measurement privacy statement | Nielsen Please choose your language or country from the drop down menu Digital measurement privacy statement Nielsen uses its proprietary software and products to provide digital measurement services, which measure and analyze how consumers engage with media across online, mobile and emerging technologies, and enable Nielsen to offer research insights into consumer behavior. The practices described in this Privacy Statement are undertaken by Nielsen companies providing digital measurement services around the world. Learn more about Nielsen's family of companies or contact Nielsen's Privacy Department for more information (see the "Contact Us" section below for our contact details). This Digital Measurement Privacy Statement reflects Nielsen's general digital measurement practices. However, we provide our digital measurement services to clients around the globe, and our contracts with our clients may place additional limits on what we can or cannot do with data collected when we provide such digital measurement services to them. In some cases, we may not be permitted to use and share data in all of the ways described in this Privacy Statement. When our contract with a client only permits us to process data to provide the client with services, we typically do so as a “data processor” or “service provider.” When our contract with a client permits us to process data for purposes other than providing services to the client, we may do so as a “data controller” or ”business.” Please review the privacy statements of website publishers and other parties whose websites and applications you use to obtain specific information about data collected on those websites and applications, and how they use and process data collected, including through their use of Nielsen's digital measurement services. We require our clients to: let their users know about the use of measurement products and software (although they may not always identify Nielsen by name); ensure they have obtained appropriate permissions to collect, use, and disclose to us information collected as a result of their use of the Nielsen digital measurement services; and ensure users are given appropriate choices with respect to the collection and use of their information. Nielsen works with various companies, including data providers, advertisers and publishers, to measure the effectiveness and reach of content viewed or listened to, no matter what kind of device people use to consume it. For example, we help advertisers better understand campaign performances across TV, computer and mobile device audiences. How Data is Collected: Participating companies include Nielsen's proprietary measurement software in their content on their chosen sites, ads, mobile apps, video players, and other internet-connected devices (such as smart TVs) or they may provide us data directly through connections to their servers and various secure data transfer methods. In this Privacy Statement the word “content” refers to audio, video, advertisements and any other media users might encounter or engage with. Nielsen's measurement software is embedded in the content or via the devices that you use in order to gather information that helps us understand what content users are exposed to and interact with, and which advertising campaigns are effective. The specific information collected depends on how our clients use our measurement software; a general description of the types of information we collect and how it is used is provided below. We generally do not (and cannot) identify, or attempt to identify, the individuals about whom we collect content measurement data. However, if you are a member of a Nielsen panel, we can associate measurement data collected via our measurement software with you as described below in the “What data is collected” and “Data Use” sections of this Privacy Statement, as well as in your Panelist Membership Agreement. What data is collected: Depending on the service, Nielsen's proprietary measurement software collects: information about the content that was viewed – such as the ad campaign, program or episode that was viewed;information about where the content was viewed – such as the website or the app; andgeneral information about the browser or device on which the content was viewed – such as whether the user viewed content on a tablet or smartphone, unique semi-persistent device identifiers which may include mobile device advertising identifier, IP address, and/or cookie identifier, and the operating system in use. We do not track or collect information about users' activities across sites or applications. Data we collect may be matched with data from Nielsen panelists or other companies that recognize their own users or that collect data about consumers generally, such as social media companies or ecommerce companies.These other companies provide Nielsen with aggregated or de-identified audience statistics (such as age and gender make-up of an audience). We do not tell these third parties what content users have viewed, and Nielsen never learns the identities of other companies' users. Data from these other sources is also used to enhance or calibrate the data collected from our measurement software, and to enable more robust research and analyses. In some cases, we collect information directly from individuals. Occasionally, Nielsen presents short surveys to users who may or may not have been exposed to our clients' content. Responses are voluntary, and the surveys do not ask for or collect any directly identifiable data. We process personal data to provide our digital measurement services, which measure and analyze how consumers engage with media across online, mobile and emerging technologies. This enables the creation of research insights, reports, and analyses of consumer behaviors, including the composition of the audience that viewed certain content or about the effectiveness of an advertising campaign, such as an audience measurement report finding that an ad campaign was viewed by “70,000 females between the ages 24-30 in the U.S., Pacific Northwest region.” We use tools and methods to make sure that there is no reasonable possibility of identifying users from the reports and insights we create and provide to our clients. The data we collect from users is combined with the data collected from other sources to produce aggregated reports from which users cannot be uniquely identified; if it is not aggregated, we take steps to make sure there is no reasonable possibility of re-identification. In addition to processing personal data for our digital measurement services and research purposes as described above, we process personal data to: Operate and manage our IT and security systems, including to monitor such systems and identify and respond to security events;Detect and prevent fraud;Conduct research for quality assurance and product, service, and business development purposes, including research and development. This includes data analysis, audits, developing new products, producing predictive models, improving our services, identifying usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our communications. Facilitate the day-to-day operations and financial management of the Nielsen group of companies and any corporate transactions (e.g., re-organization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, etc);Protect the rights, safety, property, or operations of one or more Nielsen entities, you, or others;Comply with applicable laws and regulations and establish, exercise, and/or defend the legal rights of one or more Nielsen entities; andRespond to requests and communications from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. In connection with one or more of the data use purposes described above, we may share information, including personal data, with the following recipients. We employ or work with other companies or individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. These service providers are granted access to the personal data needed to perform their functions, but are prohibited from using personal data for any other purpose.We may disclose personal data to third parties if necessary to complete any transaction you requested or authorized, or to third parties such as other market research companies and our clients in accordance with market research industry ethical guidelines. We may disclose data to third parties in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock.We may disclose data to third parties when disclosure is required by law or needed to exercise or preserve our legal rights, or to take action regarding potentially illegal activities. In each case, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the data is protected as described in this Statement. We do not and will not sell any personal data to third parties for their own commercial use. Applicable law in certain jurisdictions requires us to set out in this Privacy Statement the legal basis upon which we rely when we collect and process personal data as a data controller (i.e., data collected for our own purposes). When we collect and process personal data via the use of our measurement software on behalf of our clients (i.e., where we are only permitted to process data collected on behalf of our clients), we are typically acting as a data processor and rely on the client's legal basis for processing. For personal data collected about users in the European Union (“EU”)/European Economic Area (“EEA”) as a data controller we rely on one of the legal bases below in order to process such data.Legitimate Interests: We rely on our legitimate interests to process users' personal data, provided that such interests are not overridden by the user's interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms. In particular, we process users' personal data in reliance on a legitimate interest in the effective and lawful operation of our business, on our and our clients' interests in accurately measuring and analyzing audiences, the effective delivery and improvement of our products, services, and websites, information security operations, compliance with laws and regulations, compliance with requests for disclosure to law enforcement, courts, and regulatory bodies, and to prevent and detect fraud (or suspected fraud). Compliance with legal obligations: We may process users' personal data if necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation arising under applicable law. Consent: We may rely on the consent that we or our publishers obtain from users in order to perform our digital measurement services. Nielsen uses reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect the security and confidentiality of data within our control. We store personal data for as long as needed to provide our digital measurement services to clients, for our research and analyses purposes as described in this Privacy Statement, and in accordance with law. We may process and store data in users' home countries or we may transfer data to another country. Wherever we maintain data, we will apply the terms of this Privacy Statement and any applicable law. For personal data collected about users in the EU/EEA, where there is a need to transfer personal data to a party based in a non-EU country that has not been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection, we do so on the basis of EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), a set of contractual terms and conditions issued by the European Commission that parties can agree to in order to transfer data in compliance with data protection laws and regulations, or pursuant to other safeguards deemed appropriate under applicable laws and regulations. Further details relating to the transfers described above and the safeguards used with respect to such transfers can be requested by contacting us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights with your data. If you do not wish to participate in Nielsen's digital measurement research, you may opt out. If you choose to be excluded from the Nielsen measurement, Nielsen will only collect aggregated counts of how many times and for how long a piece of content (e.g. a video or an advertising) has been viewed. You may opt-out in the following ways: Browser : Where measurement of user activity on browsers is based on the use of cookies, you can opt out by clicking here . Mobile Apps : In the mobile app environment, we require each application that contains active Nielsen measurement software to disclose that measurement software is included in that app, and provide access to an opt out mechanism. To opt out of Nielsen measurement on this device, you need only to deactivate/activate "App Tracking/Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices), activate the "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device's settings or deactivate the "Personalized Ads" setting in your Google account. If you have this app on more than one mobile device, you will need to change the settings on each device. If, after you have opted out, you change your mind and would like to opt back in, please activate/deactivate the "App Tracking/ Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices), deactivate the "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device's settings or activate the "Personalized Ads" setting in your Google account. Other devices : Technologies and devices other than web browsers and mobile applications leverage unique, non-standard identifiers. How those are managed will vary from manufacturer to manufacturer. For internet-connected devices, we require our clients to provide functionality that enables users to opt-out of the collection of data when they leverage Nielsen measurement software. Depending on your country or state (US) of residence, under applicable law users may have various additional rights with respect to personal data processed. Where we act as a service provider or data processor to our clients, we will depend on our clients to facilitate the exercise of these rights and we will cooperate with them insofar as it is possible.Rights may include one or more of the following: To request confirmation as to whether or not personal data is processed, and, where that is the case, access a copy of the data we hold about you and to request it is updated or corrected where it is inaccurate;To object to processing of personal data held about you;To propose other restrictions on the processing of personal data about you;To request that personal data about you is deleted (where applicable); andTo lodge a complaint with the data protection or privacy authority in your country of residence regarding the processing of personal data. Users that are interested in exercising one or more of the rights described above can submit a request here . Nielsen does not discriminate against users who exercise their rights under applicable law. Only you or an “Authorized Agent” permitted to act on your behalf may submit a request. An ‘Authorized Agent” means a natural person or a business entity you have authorized to act on your behalf by providing your written permission. Please note, we may deny a request from an Authorized Agent if they do not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. Your request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal data or an Authorized Agent; andDescribe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal data if we cannot verify your identity or your authority to make the request or confirm the personal data relates to you. To verify your identity, we will match data you provide when you submit your request to any personal data we already maintain. Additional information for users in the EU/EEA: Users that have questions or concerns about Nielsen's collection and processing of personal data can contact our EU Data Protection Officer at privacy.department@nielsen.com. Users that are dissatisfied with the way Nielsen has processed personal data or any privacy query or request that they have raised to us have the right to complain to the Supervisory Authority in their country of residence or the location where the issue that is the subject of the complaint occurred. Users can find the contact details of all the national Supervisory Authorities by visiting: EU National Data Protection Authorities. Nielsen reserves the right to update and make changes to this Privacy Statement. Where we intend to process previously collected personal data for a new purpose(s), we will provide updated notice and choice in accordance with applicable law. This Privacy Statement replaces any other statement, whether written or oral, made to you about our practices with respect to Nielsen's collection and use of personal data for digital measurement services. If you have any comments or questions regarding this privacy Statement, please contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Thank you - we appreciate and value your participation! Nielsen shapes the world’s media and content as a global leader in audience measurement, data and analytics. Through our understanding of people and their behaviors across all channels and platforms, we empower our clients with independent and actionable intelligence so they can connect and engage with their audiences—now and into the future. Nielsen operates around the world in more than 55 countries. Learn more at www.nielsen.com and connect with us on social media (Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram). This Privacy Statement was last updated August 2020. Additional privacy information For Nielsen For Gracenote Need more help? Privacy questions can be submitted by email to: privacy.department@nielsen.com Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use . If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? First name Last name Business email address Job title Company Location Industry Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up!I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticePrivacy Policy SCOPE OF THIS POLICY This privacy policy describes the processing of information provided or collected on the sites and applications where this privacy policy is posted, whether on our digital properties or on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms. It also describes the processing of guest information provided to us or collected by us offline in our physical properties, such as in our stores, theme parks, resorts, and cruise ships, or through our guest call centers. We follow this privacy policy in accordance with applicable law in the places where we operate. In some cases, we may provide additional data privacy notices specific to certain products, practices, or regions. Those terms are to be read in conjunction with this policy. Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our applications), the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications. Please also keep in mind that our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More. Expand All Collapse All Accordion Toggle WHO WE ARE Our company includes many different brands. When you visit, shop, or create an account with us, or use sites and applications, your information is controlled by a member Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.Learn More of The Walt Disney Family of Companies The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, which offer their products and services under various brand names. These companies engage in a number of businesses, including theme parks and travel, motion pictures and television, publishing, consumer products and interactive services. The Walt Disney Company brands include, among others, the following: ABC Entertainment ABC News Adventures by Disney Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa Bamtech Media Bindass Buena Vista Catalog Company (including Disney Movie Club) D23 | The Official Disney Fan Club Disney Baby Disney Channels & DisneyNOW Disney Cruise Line Disney Digital Network Disney Family Movies Disney Movie Insiders Disney on Broadway Disney on Ice and Disney Live! Disney PhotoPass Service Disney Rewards Visa Card Disney Vacation Club Disney+ Disneyland Paris Disneyland Resort DisneyLife El Capitan Theatre ESPN ESPN CricInfo ESPN Deportes ESPN+ FiveThirtyEight Freeform FX Networks Genx Entertainment Limited Hollywood Records Hulu Hungama TV Lucasfilm (Star Wars) Marvel Marvel Shop Marvel Digital Comics Muppets National Geographic Pixar Animation Studios Radio Disney Read Riordan shopDisney The Undefeated 30 for 30 Podcasts United Home Entertainment Private Limited UTV Software Communication Limited Walt Disney Pictures Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment Walt Disney World ResortLearn More. The list of relevant data controllers can be found here . Accordion Toggle TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect two basic types of information – personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More (as defined in this policy) and anonymous information Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, an individual guest.Learn More (as defined in this policy) – and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information, aggregate information Aggregate means information about groups or categories of guests, which does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual guest.Learn More (also defined in this policy).In particular, we collect: Registration information you provide when you create an account, enter a promotion, or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account, such as your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username, and password;Transaction information you provide when you request information, contact Guest Services, or purchase, return, request, or exchange a product or service from us, such as your postal address, telephone number, and payment information; Information you provide in public forums Our sites and applications may offer message boards, conversation pages, blogs, chat rooms, social community environments, profile pages, and other forums that do not have a restricted audience. If you provide personal information when you use any of these features, that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party.Learn More on our sites and applications, such as your public posts; Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message, chat, post, or similar functionality, where we are permitted by applicable law to collect this information;Information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider, about use of our applications on third-party platforms or devices;Location information, including precise or approximate location information provided by a mobile or other device interacting with one of our sites, applications, or physical properties (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your IP address or other online or device identifier, where we are permitted by law to process this information; Activity information about your use, and the use by any person(s) you authorize through your account (for example, through the creation of profiles under your Disney+ or Hulu account), of our sites and applications, such as the content you view or post, how often you use our services, and your preferences;Usage, viewing, technical, and device data when you visit our sites, use our applications on third-party sites or platforms, or open emails we send, or connect with our wireless Internet access services and other similar technologies, including your browser or device type, unique device identifier, and IP address; Still or video images captured by cameras or readers on or around our physical properties; andCall recordings when you call our reservation centers or other guest services phone numbers. Accordion Toggle HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION We collect information you provide to us when you request or purchase products, services, or information from us, register with us (including when you link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account), participate in public forums Our sites and applications may offer message boards, conversation pages, blogs, chat rooms, social community environments, profile pages, and other forums that do not have a restricted audience. If you provide personal information when you use any of these features, that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party.Learn More or other activities on our sites and applications, respond to guest surveys, visit our physical properties, call our reservation centers or other guest services phone numbers, or otherwise interact with us using one or more devices. You may provide information in a variety of ways, including by typing or using voice commands. We collect information through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application Application means a program or service operated by us (or on our behalf) that may be displayed on various online, mobile, or other platforms and environments, including those operated by third parties, which permits us to interact directly with our guests.Learn More program interfaces, and Web beacons, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms using one or more devices, whether or not you are logged in or registered. Please visit Online Tracking Technologies and Advertising for further information, including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies and otherwise make choices with respect to such data collection. We collect information using analytics tools, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms.We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as when we validate postal address information using third party services. Applicable law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.Accordion Toggle USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY THE WALT DISNEY FAMILY OF COMPANIES Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies.Learn More of The Walt Disney Family of Companies The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, which offer their products and services under various brand names. These companies engage in a number of businesses, including theme parks and travel, motion pictures and television, publishing, consumer products and interactive services. The Walt Disney Company brands include, among others, the following: ABC Entertainment ABC News Adventures by Disney Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa Bamtech Media Bindass Buena Vista Catalog Company (including Disney Movie Club) D23 | The Official Disney Fan Club Disney Baby Disney Channels & DisneyNOW Disney Cruise Line Disney Digital Network Disney Family Movies Disney Movie Insiders Disney on Broadway Disney on Ice and Disney Live! Disney PhotoPass Service Disney Rewards Visa Card Disney Vacation Club Disney+ Disneyland Paris Disneyland Resort DisneyLife El Capitan Theatre ESPN ESPN CricInfo ESPN Deportes ESPN+ FiveThirtyEight Freeform FX Networks Genx Entertainment Limited Hollywood Records Hulu Hungama TV Lucasfilm (Star Wars) Marvel Marvel Shop Marvel Digital Comics Muppets National Geographic Pixar Animation Studios Radio Disney Read Riordan shopDisney The Undefeated 30 for 30 Podcasts United Home Entertainment Private Limited UTV Software Communication Limited Walt Disney Pictures Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment Walt Disney World ResortLearn More that is the data controller A data controller means the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected and used within the scope of this policy from our sites and applications, as follows: If you live in the UK, Europe, Middle East or Africa: The Walt Disney Company Limited (Company Number 530051) 3 Queen Caroline Street Hammersmith London W6 9PE help@disney.co.uk If you live in Latin America: The Walt Disney Company (Argentina) S.A. Tucumán 1, Piso 4º (C1049AAA) Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires Argentina latam.privacidad@disney.com If you are a Disney+ service EU subscriber residing outside the United Kingdom, your personal data is also jointly controlled by: The Walt Disney Company (Benelux) B.V. (Company Number 34076102) Asterweg 15S 1031 HL Amsterdam The Netherlands help@disneyplus.com US, Canada and Remaining Regions: Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank, CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest ServicesLearn More for your information is responsible for and may use your information for the purposes described in this policy. Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may access your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controllers (as data processors) and, unless prohibited under applicable law, for use on their own behalf (as data controllers) for the purposes described in this policy. Consistent with applicable law and choices and controls that may be available to you, we may use information collected from you, or from devices associated with you, to: Provide you with the experiences, products, and services you request, view, engage with, or purchase;Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information or request feedback about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies;Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services;Personalize content and experiences;Provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications; to learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking, please visit Online Tracking Technologies and Advertising . Operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations, including by using guest survey research and analytics tools; andDetect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies, pose safety issues, or be fraudulent or illegal; and Notify you of product recalls or safety issues. Accordion Toggle SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER ENTITIES We will not share your personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number.When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More with a third party outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, which offer their products and services under various brand names. These companies engage in a number of businesses, including theme parks and travel, motion pictures and television, publishing, consumer products and interactive services. The Walt Disney Company brands include, among others, the following: ABC Entertainment ABC News Adventures by Disney Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa Bamtech Media Bindass Buena Vista Catalog Company (including Disney Movie Club) D23 | The Official Disney Fan Club Disney Baby Disney Channels & DisneyNOW Disney Cruise Line Disney Digital Network Disney Family Movies Disney Movie Insiders Disney on Broadway Disney on Ice and Disney Live! Disney PhotoPass Service Disney Rewards Visa Card Disney Vacation Club Disney+ Disneyland Paris Disneyland Resort DisneyLife El Capitan Theatre ESPN ESPN CricInfo ESPN Deportes ESPN+ FiveThirtyEight Freeform FX Networks Genx Entertainment Limited Hollywood Records Hulu Hungama TV Lucasfilm (Star Wars) Marvel Marvel Shop Marvel Digital Comics Muppets National Geographic Pixar Animation Studios Radio Disney Read Riordan shopDisney The Undefeated 30 for 30 Podcasts United Home Entertainment Private Limited UTV Software Communication Limited Walt Disney Pictures Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment Walt Disney World ResortLearn More except in limited circumstances, including: When you allow us to share your personal information with another company, by electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services;When you direct us to share your personal information with another company to fulfill your request, such as: When you book travel packages with us that include goods or services provided by third-party partners, such as airlines, ground transportation providers, third-party hotels, and travel insurance providers; and When you book dining reservations through us for restaurants operated by third parties. When you direct us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.Please note that once we share your personal information with another company in the above circumstances, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices.When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you, such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card; however, we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and, in these cases, the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services; When you provide personal information to National Geographic Partners, a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and the National Geographic Society, National Geographic Partners may share that information with the National Geographic Society, and once shared, the information will be controlled by and subject to the privacy policy of the National Geographic Society;When you use the Hulu service, Hulu may share information with its business partners that help offer the Hulu service, including for example, its content programmers, distributors and device partners, and corporate owners; with your consent, Hulu may also share your viewing information together with certain personal information with these and other third parties; When companies perform services on our behalf, like package delivery, marketing and advertising, and customer service; however, these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law; andWhen we share your personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process, or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law. Accordion Toggle YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information.In accordance with applicable law, your controls and choices may include: Correcting, updating, and deleting your registration account ;Choosing or changing your choices for subscriptions, newsletters, and alerts;Choosing whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that we think may be of interest to you;Choosing whether we share your personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services; Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers (by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance );Choosing to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using the settings and choices made available to you through your device(s), for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads; Choosing to limit participation in Nielsen digital measurement research (for non-Panelists);Choosing to limit participation in Nielsen Digital Ad Ratings when viewing Hulu on certain living room devices and mobile applications by logging into Hulu on your computer and clicking “Manage Nielsen Measurement” on your Hulu Account page ; Choosing to limit participation in Nielsen Digital Ad Ratings (in markets where available) when viewing Disney+ on certain living room devices and mobile applications by logging into Disney+ on your computer and clicking “Manage Nielsen Measurement” on your Disney+ Account page .Managing your Hulu preferences regarding the sharing of your viewing information together with certain personal information by logging into Hulu on your computer, going to your account settings, and editing your profile; Requesting removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or application Application means a program or service operated by us (or on our behalf) that may be displayed on various online, mobile, or other platforms and environments, including those operated by third parties, which permits us to interact directly with our guests.Learn More; and Requesting access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it. You may exercise these controls and choices in various ways, including by visiting Communication Choices (under the Privacy Controls tab), contacting Guest Services , following instructions provided in communications sent to you, or by using your device or other available settings (for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads). You can opt out of interest based ads by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance or European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance or using the opt-out mechanism in the “Interest Based Ads” link in the footer of the site you are visiting. Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, products, and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If collection of personal information is mandatory, we will make that clear at the point of collection so that you can make an informed decision whether to participate. If you have questions about the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, and your rights regarding that personal information, please contact Guest Services . Accordion Toggle CHILDREN'S PRIVACY We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More we may collect from children Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information. In the United States, the term “children” refers to individuals under 13 years of age.Learn More on our sites and applications. Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features.When we intend to collect personal information from children, we take additional steps to protect children’s privacy, including: Notifying parents Parents means a parent or legal guardian.Learn More about our information practices with regard to children, including the types of personal information we may collect from children, the uses to which we may put that information, and whether and with whom we may share that information; In accordance with applicable law, and our practices, obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children, or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children;Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity; andGiving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted. For additional information about our practices in the United States regarding children’s personal information, please read our Children’s Privacy Policy . Accordion Toggle DATA SECURITY, INTEGRITY, AND RETENTION The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Accordion Toggle DATA TRANSFERS, STORAGE, AND PROCESSING GLOBALLY We operate globally and may transfer your personal information Personal information means information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, and telephone number. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.Learn More to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities, which offer their products and services under various brand names. These companies engage in a number of businesses, including theme parks and travel, motion pictures and television, publishing, consumer products and interactive services. The Walt Disney Company brands include, among others, the following: ABC Entertainment ABC News Adventures by Disney Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa Bamtech Media Bindass Buena Vista Catalog Company (including Disney Movie Club) D23 | The Official Disney Fan Club Disney Baby Disney Channels & DisneyNOW Disney Cruise Line Disney Digital Network Disney Family Movies Disney Movie Insiders Disney on Broadway Disney on Ice and Disney Live! Disney PhotoPass Service Disney Rewards Visa Card Disney Vacation Club Disney+ Disneyland Paris Disneyland Resort DisneyLife El Capitan Theatre ESPN ESPN CricInfo ESPN Deportes ESPN+ FiveThirtyEight Freeform FX Networks Genx Entertainment Limited Hollywood Records Hulu Hungama TV Lucasfilm (Star Wars) Marvel Marvel Shop Marvel Digital Comics Muppets National Geographic Pixar Animation Studios Radio Disney Read Riordan shopDisney The Undefeated 30 for 30 Podcasts United Home Entertainment Private Limited UTV Software Communication Limited Walt Disney Pictures Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment Walt Disney World ResortLearn More or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. These steps may include implementing standard contractual clauses where recognized by law, obtaining your consent, or other lawful means of transferring personal information. Accordion Toggle CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY From time to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes.We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us, by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications, or by other means, consistent with applicable law. Accordion Toggle COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy, please contact Guest Services . Accordion Toggle US RESIDENTS’ RIGHTS Notice to US Residents: If you are a US resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Visit our Your US State Privacy Rights page for more information. Accordion Toggle UK, EU, & EMEA RESIDENTS' RIGHTS Notice to UK & EU Residents: If you are an EU or UK resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Visit our UK & EU Privacy Rights page for more information. For residents of countries in the Middle East, Africa, and European countries that are not part of the EU, visit our EMEA Privacy Rights page for more information. Accordion Toggle BRAZILIAN RESIDENTS' RIGHTS Notice to Brazilian Residents: If you are a Brazilian resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. Visit our Data Protection in Brazil page for more information. Accordion Toggle Definitions Children’s Privacy Policy Learn More Your California Privacy Rights Learn More Back to Top Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing Manage Consent Preferences Technically Necessary These cookies are necessary for our services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, accessing, searching, or discovering content, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block, or alert you about, these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing,” as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle above to the left to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. Please note that, because these activities are based on online cookies, your opt-out choice is specific to this property. If you access other digital properties of the Walt Disney Family of Companies, you will need to make your election for each. Also, if you clear your cookies on this browser or use another browser or device, you may need to opt out again on this property. In addition to the above toggle, you may choose to provide the information requested in this opt-out form , which may enable us to take action on your opt-out election more broadly than just on this digital property. You may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). We will process the GPC signal as a request to opt out. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. You also may have rights to opt out from certain third parties selling and sharing your personal information. You will need to separately exercise your opt-out rights with regard to each, which you may do through this IAB opt-out list . You may also wish to use other available online tools to limit various types of interest-based advertising or tracking. To learn more, visit "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and "Targeted Advertising" Opt-Out Rights . Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label