Eweka Privacy Policy Effective: May 16, 2018 This Privacy Policy describes how Eweka collects, uses and discloses information, and what choices you have with respect to the information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites and online services (collectively, “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us, including when you contact us for customer support. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, we provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email). Collection of Information Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to us, including when you register for an account, update your profile, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we collect include your first and last name, email address, phone number, username, zip code and country, payment method information, and any other information you choose to provide. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Online Services Location Information: We collect approximate location of your computer or device you use to connect to our websites or Services based on the computer or device’s IP address. Usage Information: We collect customer usage of the Services and metering in relation to the type of plan a Customer purchased. By way of example, if a Customer purchased a 50GB storage plan, we meter the amount of data stored per the individual customer account. We do not monitor which newsgroups you post to or download from or what you put in news articles that you post. Log Information: We collect server logs in connection with your use of our websites or Services, which include IP address and the date and time of the connection. Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We may use various technologies to collect information in connection with your use of our Services, including the following: Cookies, which are small files that are sent to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website, and are used to recognize your browser and track your usage each time you visit. Pixel tags, which are small blocks of code often used in connection with cookies. Pixel tags (or web beacons) may be placed on our websites and emails, and allow us to track website usage and determine when emails have been opened and acted upon. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to prompt you before accepting such a cookie. Please note that, if you choose to remove or reject browser cookies, this could affect the functionality of the Services. Use of Information We may combine the information we collect about you and use this information for the following purposes: Provide and improve our products and services;Process your transactions;Send you technical notices and support and administrative messages;Communicate with you about products, services, promotions, events, and other news and information we think will be of interest to you;Facilitate contests and promotions and process and deliver prizes;Monitor and analyze trends and usage in connection with our Services;We may share information with our corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries; (see the paragraph on ‘Sharing of Information’ below); and Detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Eweka and others. To the extent Eweka’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, Eweka will obtain your prior consent before processing your information for its purposes, unless Eweka is required to processes your personal data to perform its contract with you or has a legitimate interest to process your information, as described above. Sharing of Information We may share information about you as follows: With service providers that provide payment processing and network service providers in connection with the services they perform for us;In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Eweka or others;In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and With your consent or at your direction.Retention We retain the personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which it was obtained. After this period, the personal data is destroyed or anonymized. Data Protection Officer To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email privacy@eweka.nl Your Rights Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Your statutory rights under the General Data Protection Regulation are: Right of access: you may request Eweka to confirm if information about you is processed. If such is the case, you will receive access to your information.Right of rectification: if our information about you is incorrect, you may request Eweka to rectify your information. This includes the right to have incomplete information completed, taking into account the purpose of the processing.Right to erasure: you may request Eweka to erase your information, for instance if the information is unlawfully processed, or if you have withdrawn your consent. Right to object: you have the right to object to a processing on grounds relating to your particular situation, or if the processing relates to unsolicited commercial communication, direct marketing and/or profiling.Right to restrict processing: you may request Eweka to restrict the processing of your information, if (i) the information is inaccurate, (ii) the processing is unlawful, (iii) you need us to retain the information after the retention period for a legal claim, or (iv) you have objected to the processing and a verification of our legitimate interests is pending. Right to data portability: you may request Eweka to provide you with an electronic file of your information, or to transfer your personal data to a third party if such is technically feasible. We will respond to your requests without undue delay, but within one month. If permitted under applicable legislation, Eweka may extend the response period with two further months if such is necessary due to the complexity and number of requests. Eweka will notify you of any extension and the reason thereof. If Eweka denies your request, we shall inform you on the reasons for such a denial. If you have given your consent to the processing, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, by privacy@eweka.nl . Eweka will discontinue the processing of your information upon receipt of your withdrawal. However, any processing performed prior to your withdrawal remains a legitimate processing based on a valid consent at the time. Eweka will not be under the obligation to reverse the processing. Data Protection Authority If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions, objections or complaints directly to us at privacy@eweka.nl . Contacting Eweka Please also feel free to contact Eweka if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Eweka’s practices, or if you seeking to exercise your statutory rights. You may contact us at privacy@eweka.nl or at our mailing address below: Eweka Internet Services B.V. Attention: Legal Staten Bolwerk 1, 2011 MK Haarlem, Netherlands © 2023 Eweka