Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent AllowedPrivacy Center Welcome to the Eyeota Privacy Center The purpose of this Privacy Center is to give you more information about how we manage our privacy compliance globally, highlight how we protect and manage personal data and provide details how you can exercise your rights as a data subject. Within this Center you can access the following information: Privacy Policies Your Data Rights Useful Information 1-866-I-OPT-OUT Eyeota Service Code: 714 Eyeota. All Rights Reserved. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent AllowedEyeota Claims #1 Spot on Neutronian’s 2023 Global Data Privacy Ranking By: Eyeota Eyeota secures status as the top-ranked data provider in the world on 2023’s list of more than 3,000 data companies and domains ranked by Neutronian Data Privacy Scores. This is Eyeota’s second consecutive inclusion in Neutronian’s data ranking and inclusion among the top 10 Eyeota, the global source of data for digital marketing, today announced that it has been ranked No. 1 in Global Data Privacy Scores by Neutronian an independent data verification and certification platform. This marks Eyeota’s second consecutive ranking by Neutronian, having been ranked in the top 10 in 2022’s Data Privacy Scores. Neutronian Data Privacy Scores (DPS) provide verification and ranking of companies and domains based on an assessment of data privacy. Neutronian’s Data Privacy Scores establish a standard for data privacy verification that provides this transparency and allows organizations to evaluate partners more effectively. Over 3,000 companies and domains are scored in the 2023 ranking, putting Eyeota in the top 0.3 percent two years in a row. “We’re honored to be considered by Neutronian as the most privacy-safe and trustworthy data provider in today’s global marketplace,” said Kristina Prokop, CEO and co-founder of Eyeota. “Today’s brands need data and partners they can trust. Investing in a data provider, especially in today’s shifting economic climate, is a major leap of faith. As brands strive to increase their market size, spending, and global scope, rankings such as Neutronian’s DPS are critical to making informed partnership decisions.” Eyeota is the trusted global provider of audience solutions for digital marketing, catering to brands and advertisers seeking to enrich data insights, enhance personalization and transform omnichannel targeting. Eyeota’s comprehensive global data has repeatedly proven a valuable resource to today’s leading brands and advertisers, and capturing the top position on Neutronian’s trusted Data Privacy Scores validates what the market has already seen. “Eyeota’s privacy center has consistently been a best-in-class example of how to be transparent about data privacy,” said Lisa Abousaleh, Chief Customer Officer and Co-Founder of Neutronian. “We see these ratings as the essential first step for buyers seeking to assess new partners, and Eyeota’s persistent dedication to data quality, privacy and transparency has put them at the top of our list.” The Data Privacy Scores are generated based on a review of the publicly available data about each entity. Examples of the types of data reviewed include a company’s Privacy Policy, privacy regulation (ex. GDPR/CCPA) disclosures, opt-out and DSAR processes, sensitive information disclosures, and company background details. Those interested can find the complete list of Neutronian Data Privacy Scores here. More Recent News 1-866-I-OPT-OUT Eyeota Service Code: 714 Eyeota. All Rights Reserved. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed