California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Effective Date: [Mar 31, 2020] Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed During the preceding 12 months, EZVIZ has collected the following categories of personal information that are processed pursuant to the CCPA: (1) identifiers, such as your contact information and online account information; (2) Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with EZVIZ products, websites, mobile applications, and social media pages; (3) audio, electronic, or visual information; (4) geolocation data; (5) professional information; (6) education information; (7) inferences about you, including about your preferences; and (8) financial information and other information as described above that may be considered personal information under the CCPA. Please see the “What Information We Collect” section of the Privacy Policy for more information about our information collection practices. We do not and will not “sell” personal information for purposes of the CCPA. As set forth in the Privacy Policy, we disclose personal information to third parties for business purposes, including but not limited to advertising, marketing, and other services performed on our behalf, to protect against fraud and malicious activity, and for other business purposes described in the Privacy Policy. During the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed each of the above-listed categories of personal information for such business purposes. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct us to share your information through our services. CCPA Rights The CCPA allows California residents to request that a business that collects consumers’ personal information give consumers access, upon a verifiable consumer request, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of personal information under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that EZVIZ must retain your information consistent with California law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available to you may change or no longer be available to you. Any difference in the services is related to the value provided. Please submit your request by emailing our Data Protection Officer at [privacy@ezvizlife.com]. Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf.We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent. | California Consumer Privacy Act Notice | Use of Cookies | Terms of Service | Legal United States We have updated our Terms of Service , CloudPlay Paid Subscription Terms and Privacy Policy . Please read them carefully. We provide you with customized service and safe user experience with Cookie. Login and browse our website indicates that you permitted us getting information in/out the website with Cookie. Please visit Use of CookiesEZVIZ Inc.PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated:Mar. 31, 2020 This Privacy Notice explains how EZVIZ Inc. and/or its affiliates( “EZVIZ”, “we”, “our”, “us”) collect, use and handle your personal information when you visit ezviz.com and its sub-websites, including any content and services offered on, by or through it (collectively, the “Site”). Each time you access, browse and/or use the Site you agree to this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree you must cease to use the Site. This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or our affiliates, or to information collected by any third party. The Site may contain links to third party websites. Your personal information might be collected by such third party when you are using its services; therefore, EZVIZ encourages you to learn about the privacy practices of such third party. 1. What Information We Collect When you use the Site, we may collect certain personal information about you as described in this Privacy Notice. If you obtain certain functions or services of our Site, additional privacy policy/notice may apply. The information in this Privacy Notice can be divided into information that you provide to us and information that EZVIZ collects. Personal information that you provide to us may include your name, date of birth, contact address, contact number, email address and your language selection, e.g. when you subscribe to our e-newsletter, when you contact us for technical support. Personal information we collect include internet traffic data, such as your IP address and data collected through cookies, such as number of user visits, the time period of visiting, and user preferences. For more information about cookies, please refer to our Use of Cookies . 2. How We Use Your Information EZVIZ may use your personal information for the following purposes: For EZVIZ’s legitimate interest, namely: to respond to your enquiries;to increase the safety of the Site, such as security protection, fraud detection;to perform analytics and conduct visitor research;manage our everyday business needs, such as auditing, forum management, fulfillment, and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations; To perform the agreement we have with you, for example: to provide other services you request with your express consent to if we will send the commercial emails to users, prior express consent should be given by such users. We can get consent by asking user to agree when they submit their contact information. use certain non-essential cookies to better understand user behavior, in order to optimize user experience, perfect function design and offers for products and services from us or to provide better services; meet a legal obligation, a court order or other binding decision(s); and accomplish a purpose unrelated to those described in this Privacy Notice by first notifying you and, where required, offering you a choice as to whether or not we may use your Personal Information in this different manner. 3. How We Share Your Information We do not sell any personal information to third parties and we never will. We may disclose personal information to network service provider and other service providers on the basis of non-disclosure agreements. The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information: Our Affiliates. We share your personal information with our affiliates, who are required to use that information in accordance with the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, for example, to provide technical support as per your request. Others working for and with EZVIZ. We use certain trusted third parties (for example, providers of customer support and IT services) to help us process, store, and protect some of your information and otherwise help us administer the Site effectively, and provide a better user experience. These third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Notice, and we’ll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our instructions. For a list of trusted third parties that we use to process your personal information, please contact us. Law and Order; the Public Interest. We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others: In response to a legal request (e.g. a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good-faith belief that the law requires us to do so;When we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of EZVIZ Services and Products, breaches of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or EZVIZ Services), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.For example, if relevant, we provide information to and receive information from third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off EZVIZ Services. New Owner. If EZVIZ and/or all or part of our assets are ever sold or transferred, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred. Under such circumstance, we will notify you by means of notice on the Site of (i) the identity and contact information of the purchaser or transferee, (ii) your right to revoke your consent to the provision of personal information, and (iii) the means by which you may revoke such consent. 4. Securing and Retention Your Information Security . We have implemented commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls that are designed to safeguard personal information. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We also conduct periodic reviews and assessments of the effectiveness of our security controls. Notwithstanding the above, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, EZVIZ cannot guarantee that your personal information is under absolute security with the existing security technology. If you have any questions about the security of the Site, please contact us. Retention . Generally, we store your information on EZVIZ’s servers which is established upon third-party servers until you delete or edit it, or for as long as we need it to support your use of our Site, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law. 5. Your Rights Subject to limitations in applicable law, you have certain rights in respect to your personal information, such as a right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, deletion, etc. In order to exercise your rights please contact us. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at all times, free of charge. You can do this by opting out from direct marketing and e-newsletters and by rejecting the use of cookies through your browser settings. 6. Children's Privacy EZVIZ does not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of 18, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, and such use is prohibited. The Site is designed and intended for adults. By using the Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years old or above the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, and understand that you must be at least 18 years old, or above the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, in order to use the Site. If we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction without verification of parental consent, we will promptly delete such information. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18 or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18 or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction may review and request deletion of such child’s personal information as well as prohibit the use thereof. 7. Global Operation We transfer and process your information globally both in our own facilities and with service providers, or partners, regardless of where you use our Site. As EZVIZ operates globally, we may transfer your personal information to our affiliates worldwide, when processing that information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, e.g. if you request for customer services from EZVIZ, our colleagues in China may access certain of your information (wherever you are located) in order to provide the requested services to you. We shall do so in accordance with the applicable laws. In particular, we will ensure that all transfers will be in accordance with requirements under your applicable local data protection laws by putting in place appropriate safeguards. You hereby agree to the data transfer and you have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards taken by EZVIZ for this transfer of your personal information. Currently we have data centers in the U.S., Singapore, Brazil and Ireland. The laws, regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored or processed may be different from those of your own country. You have understood that the risks under applicable data protection laws are different and we may transfer to and store your personal information at our overseas facilities. However, this does not change any of our commitments to safeguard your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.If you are located in the EEA, then whenever EZVIZ shares your personal information with a third party outside the EEA, or transfer such information to a third party outside the EEA, EZVIZ will put in place contractual protections (https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087), approved by the European Commission, to secure your information. 8. Change to Privacy Notice We may modify this Privacy Notice at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you prior to the update’s effective date by posting the notification on the Site. 9. Contact Us Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice. You can always reach us by using the contact information on Contact Us . Please provide: (i) your name (or nickname), your country/region of residence and your preferred method of contact; and (ii) the details of your request or comment along with any corresponding website links. | California Consumer Privacy Act Notice | Use of Cookies | Terms of Service | Legal United States We have updated our Terms of Service , CloudPlay Paid Subscription Terms and Privacy Policy . Please read them carefully. We provide you with customized service and safe user experience with Cookie. Login and browse our website indicates that you permitted us getting information in/out the website with Cookie. Please visit Use of Cookies