Fast.com Privacy Statement This Privacy Statement explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information in connection with the Fast.com internet speed testing service. To see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice, please click here or simply scroll down. Contacting Us For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com . The data controller of your personal information is Netflix, Inc . Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before fulfilling your request. Collection of Information We receive and store information about you such as: Information you provide to us : We collect information you provide to us which includes: information when you choose to provide test configuration preferences (including saving your device configuration), or otherwise provide information to us through the Fast.com service or elsewhere; your name, email address, and telephone number. We may collect this information in a number of ways, including when you interact with Fast.com customer service or participate in surveys. Information we collect automatically : We collect information about your use of our service, your interactions with us, as well as information regarding your network, network devices, and your computer, mobile phone or other internet connected devices you might use to access the Fast.com internet speed testing service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, and set top boxes). This information includes: your activity on the Fast.com service, such as statistics on page views and the features of our service with which you interact; your interactions with our emails; details of your interactions with our customer service, such as the records of any email exchanges; device IDs or other unique identifiers; device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information such as speed and latency measurements, connection type (wifi, cellular), referring source (for example, referral URLs), IP address (which may tell us your general location and internet service provider (ISP)), browser and standard web server log information; if you choose to save your test and UI configuration, we store such configuration in a locally stored object. Information from companies that integrate Fast.com : We work with select companies such as providers of network monitoring products and services or internet service providers that integrate our Fast.com internet speed testing software into their products and services. In these cases, we receive the information outlined in the “Collection of Information” section of this Privacy Statement. These companies are responsible for ensuring you are provided sufficient notice and that they have appropriate authority to process your personal information, including sharing such information with us. These companies have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. Information from other sources : We also obtain information from other sources. We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These sources vary over time, but could include: service providers that help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement; publicly-available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers (ISPs). Use of Information We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance the Fast.com speed testing service and the Netflix service performance. For example, we use such information to: determine your general geographic location, localize the experience, determine your ISP to support network troubleshooting (we also use aggregated ISP information for operational and business purposes).We may also use aggregated information to encourage and assist ISPs to improve network speeds; secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Fast.com; prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud; analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences and service performance); communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you consumer surveys and to assist you with customer service requests. These communications may be by various methods, such as email. Disclosure of Information We disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below: The Netflix family of companies : We share your information with Netflix affiliates and subsidiaries as needed for: providing you with access to our services; providing customer support; making decisions about service improvements; and for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement. Service Providers : We use other companies, agents or contractors ("Service Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you. For example, we engage Service Providers to provide communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, and to analyze and enhance data (including data about users' interactions with our service). In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing their services (which includes maintaining and improving their services). Protection of Netflix and others : Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law. Business transfers : In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement. Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area and other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. You may also choose to disclose your information through social plugins and similar technologies. Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. Your Information and Rights You can request access to your personal information, or that we correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you. For other requests, or if you have any other questions regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com . We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may reject requests that are unreasonable or not required by law, including those that would be extremely impractical, could require disproportionate technical effort, or could expose us to operational risks . We may not be able to fulfill requests to exercise rights, including the right to know or delete personal information, because we only collect limited information about users and we are unable to verify requests to the standard required by applicable data laws. We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. We take reasonable measures to destroy or de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required.If you are a California consumer, please see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice or simply scroll down. Security We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information. Unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to provide 100% security. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Other Websites, Platforms and Applications The Fast.com service may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to access the Fast.com service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other internet connected devices. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Fast.com service. Children Individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian. Changes to This Privacy Statement We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued use of the Fast.com service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, do not use the Fast.com speed testing service. To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below. Storage Technologies We use technologies such as browser storage which may store small amounts of data on your device. We use these types of technologies for various reasons, including: to help us personalize and enhance your online experience with Fast.com internet speed testing service by remembering your test configuration preferences when you return (preventing you from needing to re-enter information you previously provided); to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services; to enforce our terms, prevent fraud; and to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site. To exercise choice regarding browser storage, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser storage, commonly in the settings or preferences area; see your browser's help function or support area to learn more. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice applies to California consumers and supplements the Privacy Statement. Personal Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“CCPA personal information”). We have collected the following categories of CCPA personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months: Identifiers : “Identifiers” covers a broad range of information, including things like name, email address, telephone number, and IP address. We collect some CCPA personal information that falls into this category. For example, for if you contact Fast.com customer service we’re going to have an email address. We collect IP addresses, identifiers from the devices you use to connect, and characteristics about the networks you use when you connect to our service online. Commercial information : This includes information about products or services considered, obtained or purchased. Internet or other electronic network activity information : Fast.com internet speed testing service is an online service, so we collect CCPA personal information in this category, like your interactions with our service. Geolocation data : Our applications don’t collect precise geolocation data from GPS sensors. However, we do collect IP addresses from which we can determine your general location. Uses of CCPA personal information We use categories of CCPA personal information listed above for the purposes noted in the Use of Information section of our Privacy Statement.For ease of reference, we repeat that section below: We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance the Fast.com speed testing service and the Netflix service performance. For example, we use such information to: determine your general geographic location, localize the experience, determine your ISP to support network troubleshooting (we also use aggregated ISP information for operational and business purposes). We may also use aggregated information to encourage and assist ISPs to improve network speeds; secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Fast.com; prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud; analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences and service performance); communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you consumer surveys and to assist you with customer service requests. These communications may be by various methods, such as email. Categories of CCPA personal information disclosed for a business purpose We disclose the categories of CCPA personal information listed below for business purposes. (Please see the Disclosure of Information section of our Privacy Statement for additional details that may be of interest to you.) Identifiers : We may disclose identifiers for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, an entity engaged in a business transfer, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. Commercial information : We may disclose commercial information for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. Internet or other electronic network activity information : We may disclose these types of information for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. Geolocation data : We may disclose geolocation data for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. Sources of CCPA personal information We explain our sources of information in the Collection of Information section of our Privacy Statement. (Please see that section for more information that may be of interest to you.) For ease of reference, in regard to CCPA personal information these are: You (the consumer) when you provide us CCPA personal information directly, and when we collect it automatically based on your interactions with us (for example, through your computer, mobile phone or other internet connected device you use to access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, and set top boxes). Select companies that integrate our Fast.com internet speed testing software. Other sources: service providers who support our business and publicly-available sources, specifically, public posts on social media platforms and information about internet Service Providers (ISPs) used to access the service through public databases associating IP addresses with ISPs. Your rights under the CCPA You have the right to request that we disclose: what categories and specific pieces of CCPA personal information have been collected about you; the categories of sources from which CCPA personal information are collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting, using, or disclosing CCPA personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share CCPA personal information; the categories of CCPA personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. We do not sell personal information. You have a right to receive a copy of the specific CCPA personal information we have collected about you. You have a right to deletion of your CCPA personal information, subject to exceptions under the CCPA. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of your CCPA rights. You can assert these rights only where we receive a verified request from you. For information on how to exercise your rights, please see the Your Information and Rights section above.If you are a consumer under the CCPA and wish to contact us through an authorized agent, the authorized agent can submit a request on your behalf at privacy@netflix.com along with a statement signed by you certifying that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf. In order to verify the request and your identity, we may ask you to verify your identity. To make requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com . We may not be able to fulfill requests to exercise rights under CCPA, including the right to know or delete CCPA personal information because we only collect limited information about users, and we are unable to verify requests to the standard required by the CCPA. Last Updated: March 16, 2021 Privacy Preference Center General DescriptionEssential CookiesPerformance and Functionality CookiesThird Party Performance and Functionality CookiesAdvertising Cookies General Description This cookie tool will help you understand who is using cookies to collect information from your device, for what purposes they use the information, and how you can control the use of cookies for non-essential activities. Netflix supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Netflix ads on other sites, but those ads will not be customized by us or our service providers and we will continue to customize your experience on our website via our use of cookies you have not refused. Alternatively, privacy settings in most browsers will allow you to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, have it notify you when you receive a new cookie, or disable cookies altogether. If your browser is set to not accept any cookies, you will not receive Interest-Based Advertising, but your use of the Netflix service may be impaired or unavailable. In addition, if you use our cookie tool to opt-out of certain cookies, your opt-out preferences will be remembered by placing a cookie on your device. It is therefore important that your browser is configured to accept cookies for your preferences to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change which web browser you are using, you will need to set your cookie preferences again. For more information on our use of cookies, please visit the Cookies and Internet Advertising section of our Privacy Statement. Essential Cookies These cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service. For example, we and our Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify visitors when they use our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them. They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our services. Lifespan: Most cookies are session cookies (which are only active until you close your browser) or are cookies which are only active for one day. Some cookies are active for a longer time, ranging from 3 to 12 months. The cookies used to prevent fraud and maintain the security or our services are active for a maximum period of 24 months. Performance and Functionality Cookies These cookies help us to customize and enhance your online experience with Netflix. For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re-enter information you previously provided (for example, during member sign up). We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our visitors' use of the Netflix service so that we can enhance and customize our website and service and conduct market research. Deletion of these types of cookies may result in limited functionality of our service. Lifespan: Most cookies are only active for one day. Some cookies are active for a longer time, ranging from 3 to 12 months. Third Party Performance and Functionality Cookies Third Party Performance and Functionality Cookies These cookies, set by third parties, help us to customize and enhance your online experience with Netflix. For example, on Tudum, they help us to provide you experiences hosted by third parties, like displaying social media content. For further information on how these third parties use such cookies, please see the privacy information provided by the third party on their website. Deletion of these types of cookies may result in limited functionality of our service.Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These cookies use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver ads that are more relevant to you and for analytics and optimization purposes. These types of ads are called "interest-based advertising" and will be shown to you outside the Netflix domain. Netflix uses contractual and technical measures designed to prevent advertising partners from accessing information regarding specific title selections you make, URLs you land on, or shows you have watched on our service. We do not share information about title selections or your shows you have watched on our service. The advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our advertising partners as listed under cookie details. Please choose your settings for advertising cookies below. If you want to opt out of the advertising cookies across all websites, go here. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label