Terms of use The information provided on this website has been prepared exclusively for the purpose of providing information about the INCLUSION project, its partners, its activities and its results. This website presents the project and aims to facilitate information exchange, encourage networking and contribute to preparations for the simultaneous use of conventional and automated vehicles on European roads. The information and material given does not necessarily reflect the views of the European Commission. Responsibility Whilst we have made every effort to ensure the information on this website is up to date and accurate, neither we nor other third party can accept responsibility for your reliance on any information on this website. Website Availability We cannot promise that this website will be uninterrupted, or free of errors, bugs or viruses and we will not be liable if, for any reason, this website is unavailable at any time or for any computer virus or system free. Access may be suspended at any time without prior notice being given. Liability This disclaimer is not intended to limit the liability of the European Commission or of the INCLUSION project in contravention of any requirements laid down in applicable national law, nor to exclude its liability for matters which may not be excluded under that law. Copyright The copyright in the material contained in this website belongs to the INCLUSION Consortium and associated partners. The content of this website may be subject to other intellectual property rights reserved by the INCLUSION project partners or by other third parties. No license is granted in respect of those intellectual property rights. All information on this website can be replicated only if attributed to the INCLUSION project. No information contained in this website can be considered as a suggestion to infringe patents. The INCLUSION project disclaims any liability that may be claimed for infringement or alleged infringement of patents. About INCLUSION Pilot Labs Resources This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No. 770115 The sole responsibility for the content of this document lies with the authors. It does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the European Union.Neither the INEA nor the European Commission are responsible for any use that may be made of the information contained therein.