Your Privacy Language Effective Date: 26 Jan 2023 Summary of Changes This summary communicates the most recent changes to Ancestry’s Privacy Statement and how the changes may impact you. The updates to the Privacy Statement apply to your use of the Services (defined below) when you view, access, or otherwise use the Services. To fully understand the changes and terms that will govern your use of our Services, please read the Privacy Statement. Specifically, the most recent changes include: The addition of language to comply with the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), Virginia’s Consumer Data Protection Act, and other U.S. regulations. At Ancestry, your privacy is a top priority. Ancestry is committed to being a good steward of your Personal Information (defined below ), handling it in a responsible manner, and securing it with administrative, technical, organizational and physical safeguards. We believe in being honest, direct and transparent when it comes to your data. Ancestry follows three guiding principles when it comes to your privacy: Transparency . We work hard to be transparent about what Personal Information we collect and process. Simplicity . We try to use easy-to-understand language to describe our privacy practices to help you make informed choices. Control . We give you control over the Personal Information you provide to us, including your DNA Data, and how it is used, shared, and retained. Other Important Things for You To Understand When You Use Our Services You maintain control of your DNA and DNA Data (defined below )—you can manage and delete it as described in this Privacy Statement. You may discover unexpected facts about yourself or your family when using our services. Once discoveries are made, we can’t undo them. When you make new discoveries with us, you should feel confident and informed about how we use your Personal Information. Our full Privacy Statement is below. It covers all Ancestry websites, services, and mobile apps that link to this Privacy Statement, including: Ancestry, AncestryDNA , Fold3 , Newspapers.com ™, Archives , We Remember , and Find a Grave . US Customers only - The US Resident Additional Privacy Statement below contains additional details for US residents in California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia. Non-US Customers only - Ancestry Ireland Unlimited Company is the controller of your Personal Information and Section 8 below contains information on your rights. Table of Contents 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 1. Introduction At Ancestry, we empower journeys of personal discovery to enrich lives. To provide and improve the websites, mobile applications, and services (collectively the “ Services ”), we collect, process, and store " Personal Information ," which is information that can identify you directly or indirectly, as further described in Section 3 , such as your name, email or address, or information that could reasonably be linked back to you, including your Genetic Information . This Privacy Statement describes our practices for collecting, storing and processing your Personal Information and the controls we provide you to manage it within our Services. In addition, our Cookie Policy describes our use of browser cookies and similar tracking technologies. Please note : Information about deceased persons is not Personal Information under this Privacy Statement. 2. Account Creation and Your Engagement with Ancestry Services The Personal Information contractually required to create an account with Ancestry is limited to your name, an email address, and a password. For Archives users only, billing information is also required for account creation. By creating an account you are telling us that you understand Ancestry will collect, process, and share your Personal Information (including your Genetic Information if you have taken a DNA test) as described in this Privacy Statement. Access to Ancestry content such as archival records to help you build a family tree or to our DNA features (ethnicity estimate, etc.) requires additional Personal Information, including payment and shipping details, and, for the DNA test, the test code, your assigned sex at birth, birth year, and Genetic Information extracted from your saliva sample. At any time, you can request that Ancestry delete Personal Information you have uploaded into your account, such as a family tree or your Genetic Information. You can also delete your entire account. Please see Section 10 for specific details about deleting your Personal Information. 3. What Personal Information Does Ancestry Collect From You?Account Information Your name (required).An email address (required).A password that you create (required).A phone number - You may provide a phone number so we can (i) notify you of DNA test result status, (ii) notify you of other updates you agree to, (iii) assist you when you contact Ancestry Member Services, or (iv) allow you to enable multi-factor authentication. A phone number may be required for DNA test kit deliveries.Billing information.Certain Ancestry brands may support third-party sign-in services such as Facebook, Google and Apple that provide Ancestry your Personal Information, such as your name and email address, and profile photo. Please refer to our Cookie Policy to learn about how third parties use technology for analytics and targeting purposes and about the controls we provide you. Credit Card/Payment Information Payment information, such as your credit card number, and your billing and shipping address(es), when you sign up for a free trial or make a purchase, such as an Ancestry subscription or a DNA test kit. DNA Kit Activation Information When you activate a DNA test kit, we collect: Your DNA test kit code;Your assigned sex at birth; and,Your year of birth. Profile Information We collect the information that you provide when you create a user profile (for example, a profile image, your name, username, biography, age, location, and linked account usernames) and about you from your family tree. Your Ancestry user profile information is visible to other Users (defined in the Ancestry Terms and Conditions ), so please consider limiting this information and using a username that is different from your real name to protect your privacy. Your Content We collect information when you voluntarily contribute to the Services, including Your Content (as defined in the Terms and Conditions . Genetic Information At our partner laboratories, we extract your DNA from your saliva and convert it into machine-readable DNA data (“ DNA Data ”) that we process to provide you with an ethnicity estimate and communities suggestions. We also process your DNA Data to provide you information about your degree of relatedness to other users in our DNA database and any genetic associated with certain biological, physiological, or behavioral traits, such as hair thickness and eye color or traits associated with wellness. Your DNA Data and any information derived from it such as ethnicity estimates, communities, traits, and genetic relative matches are Personal Information and referred to as “ Genetic Information ”. A Note About Your DNA and Saliva : Neither your saliva nor the extracted DNA (together referred to as “ Biological Samples ”) are Personal Information under this Privacy Statement. Also, after our laboratory partner has processed your Biological Sample, you can consent to its storage in our bio bank for future testing at your option. Future testing may be done if you agree to our Informed Consent for Research or if you consent to other tests of your Biological Samples. If you do not consent to the storage of your Biological Sample, we will destroy your sample. Sections 8 and 10 below describe how you can control your Biological Samples. You may request that Ancestry destroy your Biological Samples by contacting Member Services. Note that we may destroy Biological Samples that do not meet our quality assurance requirements at our discretion. Note About Health-Related Information Ancestry is not a covered entity under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“ HIPAA ”), and as a result no data provided by you is subject to or protected by HIPAA. Your Communications We host and maintain your communications with other Users through the communications features on our platform, and also collect your information when you communicate with Ancestry Member Services and support teams for our other Services, including audio and visual information (such as recordings of calls with Ancestry Member Services or information voluntarily shared when participating in consumer insights research). Contests and Promotions We collect Personal Information when you voluntarily participate in contests and special promotions we run or sponsor, the details of which are provided upon entry. Find a Grave Photos and Photo Volunteers Through Find a Grave, we collect metadata associated with digital photographs uploaded to the Find a Grave service, including location, date, and time the photo was taken. If you choose to be a photo volunteer for Find a Grave, you provide your location to us which you can change or remove at any time. Other Protected Classifications and Sensitive Data We may collect information related to certain protected classifications such as gender or marital status. For information on Personal Information processed by Ancestry relating to non-Ancestry users please click here . 4. What Information Does Ancestry Collect Through Your Use of the Services?Computer and Mobile Device Information Ancestry collects information about how you access our Services, including the website you visited before and after Ancestry’s site. We also collect the IP address where your computer, mobile device, or the proxy server that you use accesses the Internet, in addition to other technical information, such as: Your computer operating system;Your web browser;Your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system and your mobile operating system; and,The name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier. Ancestry may collect geolocation information from your device with your permission. Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies Ancestry uses cookies and similar technologies as well as technical integrations with marketing and advertising partners as described in our Cookie Policy . Please refer to our Cookie Policy to learn about our practices and the controls we provide you. Information Shared Through Social Media Features If you interact with social media through the Services, for example “Share,” “Post,” “Tweet,” “Pin,” or “Follow Us” links to sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube, Ancestry will collect these interactions and whatever account information these services make available to us dependent on your privacy settings with that third party. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the applicable third-party company. You may have the option to sign-on to Ancestry Services using your social networking account, such as a Google or Apple account. Where you give appropriate permissions, we will receive information about you from your social networking account that Ancestry will use to create your account and build your profile, such as your name, email address, and profile photo. Information from Your Use of the Services We collect information about your use of the Services, such as when you search or access records or public family trees, which pages you view, links you click, or when you add people to your tree, etc., which we may use to infer details about you as a customer and your interests to provide a better experience through, for example, search suggestions. 5. Information We Collect from Other Sources Information from Public and Historical Records Ancestry collects records from various sources, usually from official record sources, including newspapers, as well as birth, death, marriage, and census records, which may contain Personal Information relating to you. Public and historical records may also contain Personal Information relating to non-Ancestry users. These records are usually made available to Users as part of the Ancestry subscription Services. Information from Third Parties We may also receive information about you from third parties. For example, we may supplement the data we collect with information licensed from third parties in order to personalize the Services and our offers to you. If you purchase a gift subscription or DNA kit as a gift, we will collect Personal Information, such as the recipient’s name, shipping address, email address, and the necessary purchase information to complete the gift and notify the recipient. 6. How Does Ancestry Use Your Personal Information? Personal Information (Generally) We use your Personal Information to provide, personalize, improve, update, and expand our Services. This includes: Authenticating your access to the Services and improving Ancestry information security;Processing your payments for subscriptions, AncestryDNA services and test kits, and other products and features;Building new and improving existing Services;Helping you create, and providing insights about, your family trees based on data in Ancestry’s databases;Issuing surveys and questionnaires for use in the Services, as well as facilitating product development and research initiatives; Conducting scientific, statistical, and historical research;Detecting and protecting against error, fraud, or other criminal or malicious activity; and,Enforcing our Terms and Conditions . Communications We use your Personal Information to communicate with you about the Services, such as when we: Respond to your inquiries to Member Services;Alert you to potential genetic relatives identified by DNA matching, or through our family history services (for example, “Ancestry Hints” about potential ancestors in our database);Alert you to records pertaining to people in your family tree or to whom you may be related;Inform you of changes to Services or new Services;Ask you to participate in Ancestry media productions, advertisements, consumer insights research, or testimonials; and, Provide you with information or request action in response to technical, security, and other operational issues.Market Products and Offers from Us or Our Business Partners We may use some Personal Information (for example, demographic information available from third-party sources or from parts of Ancestry (profile, trees, etc.)) to market our products and offers from us or our business partners. This marketing includes advertising based on your interests. Please note : Ancestry does not share your Genetic Information with third-party marketers, insurance companies, or employers, and we will not use your Genetic Information for marketing or personalized advertising without getting your explicit consent. For marketing that you have consented to receive by email or SMS, you can control how we market to you by using the unsubscribe link in any marketing email you receive, by changing your communication settings , or by following the instructions in marketing communications you receive. Controls for Ancestry’s related brands’ are available through their settings and are listed here . For advertising on third-party platforms, we rely on our own legitimate interests as the legal basis (please see Section 7 ) and you should control your marketing preferences directly on those platforms. Genetic Information Ancestry uses your Genetic Information for the following primary purposes: Delivering ethnicity results, (e.g., close or extended family or others to whom you may be related) from our database, and other information to help you and other users learn more about each other, potential family members, as well as your genetic relatives and family groups;Connecting you with and helping you learn about your genetic relatives in our database through features such as DNA matching or other product features;Providing you with other insights into what your DNA may reveal about traits, and wellness; Providing relevant results to assist you in discovering common ancestors and other details about your family history, as well as helping you build your family tree or connect with friends and family;Studying aggregated Genetic Information to better understand population and ethnicity-related health, wellness, aging, or physical conditions;Conducting scientific, statistical, and historical research; and,Improving features and functionality in our existing DNA-related products, enhancing the customer experience across Ancestry Services, improving the quality of our laboratory processes and technology, and building new products and services. 7. What Information Do We Share, When Do We Share It and Who Are the Recipients? Ancestry does not share your individual Personal Information (including your Genetic Information) with third parties except as described in this Privacy Statement or with your additional consent. We do not voluntarily share your information with law enforcement. Also, we will not share your Genetic Information with insurance companies, employers, or third-party marketers without your express consent. Please note : Ancestry’s US-specific disclosures can be found here . The circumstances described below explain when sharing might occur: Ancestry Companies We may share your information within the Ancestry group of companies listed here (the “ Ancestry Companies”) in order to provide and improve our Services. We transfer your Personal and Genetic Information between Ancestry’s Ireland-based company and Ancestry’s U.S.-based companies. For more information on this see Section 12 below. Other Users or Others You May Choose to Share With As part of your use of the Services, you have the option to add or share information with all Users of the Service or through sharing features with particular Ancestry Users and even non-Ancestry users. You may have additional sharing options in some Services, for example AncestryDNA (see below). Information in your public profile(s) will be seen by all other Users, as will public family tree details (note that living people in your tree are only visible to you and people you share your tree with as “editor” or whom you authorize to be able to view your tree’s living people). If you choose to view and be seen by your DNA matches, your DNA matches can see certain Personal Information, such as your username, how they might be related to you, whether you have linked a family tree to your DNA, and either all or only shared (at your option) regions and communities. You may be offered other options for connecting with relatives or learning about familial connections. You can share other DNA information, such as Traits, through the "compare" and other one-to-one sharing features. If you share details of your family history or DNA experience outside the Services, you do so at your own risk. Service Providers We work with other companies when providing and marketing the Services. As a result, these companies will have access to or otherwise process your data, including some of your Personal Information, in their systems.These companies are subject to contractual obligations governing privacy, data security, and confidentiality consistent with applicable laws. These companies and the Personal Information they may have access to include our: Laboratory partners (such as your DNA);DNA test shipping providers (such as name, shipping address, and phone number);Payment processors (such as Payment Information);Cloud services infrastructure providers (Ancestry’s web and mobile services are cloud-based services; all your data resides with our cloud service vendors);Biological sample storage facilities (such as Biological Sample and DNA test kit code);Vendors that assist us in marketing and consumer research analytics, fraud prevention, and security (such as email address); Communications infrastructure providers (such as name and email address); and,Vendors that help us provide some Member Services functions, like phone support or survey tools (such as Account Information or name or email address) Analytics and Advertising Partners We work with third-party partners for analytics and advertising purposes. By collecting and sharing certain Personal Information, these vendors help us to better personalize ads to match your interests. They also help us to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns and are used to serve you with advertising that is more relevant to you. Research Partners We share your Genetic Information with research partners only when you provide us with your express consent to do so through our Informed Consent to Research . Unless you agree to the Informed Consent to Research, your data will not be shared with these researchers. Research partners include commercial or non-profit organizations that conduct or support scientific research, the development of therapeutics, medical devices or related material to treat, diagnose or predict health conditions. In some circumstances, a research partner or Ancestry may have a financial interest in the research arrangement. A list of our research partners can be found here . Law Enforcement Ancestry does not voluntarily provide data of any kind to governmental or judicial bodies or to law enforcement agencies. To provide our Users with the greatest protection under the law, we require all government agencies seeking access to Ancestry customers’ data to follow valid legal process. We do not allow law enforcement to use Ancestry’s services to investigate crimes or to identify human remains. If we are compelled to disclose your Personal Information to law enforcement, we will do our best to provide you with advance notice, unless we are prohibited under the law from doing so. Ancestry produces a Transparency Report where we list the number of valid law enforcement requests for user data across all our sites. Other Legal or Regulatory Process We may share your Personal Information if we believe it is reasonably necessary to: Comply with valid legal process (e.g., subpoenas, warrants);Enforce or apply the Ancestry Terms and Conditions ;Protect the security or integrity of the Services; orProtect the rights, property, or safety of Ancestry, our employees, or Users. If Ancestry is Acquired If Ancestry or its businesses are acquired or transferred (including in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we may share your Personal Information with the acquiring or receiving entity. The promises in this Privacy Statement will continue to apply to your Personal Information transferred to the new entity. A Note About Aggregated Data Ancestry may disclose user information in an aggregated form as part of the Services or our marketing, or in scientific publications published by us or our research partners. For example, we might note the percentage of immigrants in a State that are from a particular geographic region or country. Such disclosure will never include Personal Information. 8. Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Personal Information All Users (as defined in our Terms and Conditions) may use our online tools to 1) request a report of what Personal Information they have provided to us, 2) download a copy of their DNA Data or download a copy of their family trees, and 3) delete their family trees, DNA test results or account. Additionally, some data privacy laws, such as the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, provide people with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. For example: Right of Access/To Know – You may have a right to request access to your Personal Information and to be provided with a copy of certain information including the categories of your Personal Information we collect and disclose. To request a copy, follow these step-by-step instructions . If you want a copy of your DNA Data, follow these step-by-step instructions . If you want a copy of your family trees, follow these step-by-step instructions .Right of Rectification/Correction – You may have the right to request that we rectify or correct inaccurate Personal Information about you. Right of Erasure/Deletion – You have the right, in certain cases, to request that we restrict (stop any active processing) or delete your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law. See Section 10 for information on how to delete your Personal Information. Right to Object – You may have the right to object to processing activities in our legitimate interests where such activities impact on your rights and freedoms as an individual. Also, when you consent to processing of your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose. Right to Restriction – You have the right to request a restriction on our processing of your Personal Information, for example, where you believe that the processing is based on inaccurate data or not processed in a lawful manner. Right to Data Portability – You may have the right to receive certain of your Personal Information in a format that can be transmitted to another data controller. Right to Complain – You have the right to make a complaint to the Irish Data Protection Commission ( Complaints handling, Investigations and Enforcement For Individuals | Data Protection Commissioner ) or any other competent supervisory authority in the country of residence. You can exercise these rights by using the tools described below or by contacting Ancestry . Details and options for accessing this information are listed below. Ancestry You can access and update the Personal Information (such as your email address, username, profile information, etc.) that you provide to Ancestry at any time in the following sections of the privacy settings: DNA Settings. To learn how to manage the privacy settings for any family trees you have created on Ancestry, you can visit your Tree Settings or click here . Related Brands Ancestry strives to make it simple for you to manage your privacy across the Services. You can manage your privacy settings for our related brands here . Mobile Apps You can also control your information using the settings available in our mobile applications, such as Ancestry, AncestryDNA, Find a Grave, and We Remember apps. Advertising We use cookies and similar tracking technologies and integrations with third party marketing and advertising partners to collect data about your interests or behaviors to serve you targeted ads. You may change your settings as described in our Cookie Policy . For information on please see our Cookie Policy. Family Tree Information Download Ancestry allows you to download your family tree information in the standard GEDCOM family tree file format in your Tree Settings . Learn how here . Genetic Information Download You always have the option of downloading a file with your DNA Data. If you download your DNA Data, you do so at your own risk. Learn how here . For more information on what is included in your DNA Data download, go here . 9. What Are Our Retention Practices? Ancestry Services are fundamentally premised on the notion that the personal voyage of self-discovery is not a one-time event and continues over lengthy periods of time—possibly lifetimes. Additionally, and with particular regard to our subscribers and DNA customers who pay fees or purchase subscriptions, the ongoing enhancement of our collections of historical records and DNA features provide benefits and insights to our Users over time. As a result, our retention practices reflect this ongoing value by retaining user accounts on our system until our Users inform us of their desire to delete their data or close their accounts. Account and Profile Ancestry will retain the Personal Information you provide while creating your account and your profile until such time as you delete your account. Family Tree Due to the multi-generational significance of family trees, Ancestry will retain your family tree data to provide you with continuous access, updated features, and the ability to enhance your family tree. Your family tree data is kept until you delete your family tree or your account. DNA Ancestry retains your DNA Data to provide you with the features and functionality you purchased (or were gifted), including continuously updated features such as DNA matches, increasingly granular ethnicity estimates and improved regions and communities, as well as new other features based on your DNA Data. Your DNA Data is kept until you delete your DNA test results or your account.If you were a customer of AncestryHealth, our AncestryHealth laboratory partners are required to retain your DNA Data and test result for a period of at least seven years, or as required by state law and the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Act (CLIA) and the guidelines that apply to laboratories certified by the College of American Pathologists (CAP). Related Brands Some of our related brands (Fold3, Newspapers.com™, Find a Grave, We Remember, or Archives) have their own account logins and will retain the Personal Information you provide while creating your account and your profile as needed to provide you with continuous and updated Services until such time as you ask us to delete it. Usage Information We retain usage information (e.g., visits to sites) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. Once aggregated, this information ceases to be Personal Information and will not be subject to user deletion requests. 10. How Can I Delete My Personal Information? You can delete your Personal Information from Ancestry at any time. Personal Information You can delete your Personal Information from Ancestry by following these instructions . If you have shared information with other Users (for example, by making your family trees public or by sharing your DNA Results directly with other Users), Ancestry will not be able to remove any copies of information that other Users may have retained, which can only be removed by your contacting the other User and asking them to delete it. Please direct any request to remove information from linked archival records to the responsible archival entity. We will consider requests for removal of Personal Information from the searchable indexes of the records we hold on a case-by-case basis in accordance with law. For information on Personal Information processed by Ancestry relating to non-Ancestry users please click here . Genetic Please note : If you request that Ancestry delete your DNA Data, we will delete all Genetic Information, including any derivative Genetic Information (ethnicity estimates, genetic relative matches, etc.) from our production, development, analytics, and research systems within 30 days. To request the destruction of your Biological Samples, you must contact Member Services . Please note that if you have agreed to our Informed Consent to Research , we will not be able to remove your Genetic Information from active or completed research projects, but we will not use it for any new research projects. General Please note that there may be some latency in deleting your Personal Information from our backup systems after it has been deleted from our production, development, analytics, and research systems. Also, our laboratory partners may retain information they receive from us in order to comply with laws or regulations requiring retention of certain data, such as the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Ancestry may also retain certain information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, as well as to comply with tax, payment industry, securities, and clinical regulatory compliance requirements. Related Brands To delete information from our related brands (Fold3, Newspapers.com™, Find a Grave, We Remember or Archives), you can contact us at the related brand and request that your Personal Information be deleted from that service. Some Services may also have an online request form accessible from that service’s account settings menu and viewable here . 11. Security Ancestry maintains a comprehensive information security program designed to protect our customers’ Personal Information using administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. The specific security measures used are based on the sensitivity of the Personal Information collected. We have measures in place to protect against inappropriate access, loss, misuse, or alteration of Personal Information (including Genetic Information) under our control. The Ancestry Security Team regularly reviews our security and privacy practices and enhances them as necessary to help ensure the integrity of our systems and your Personal Information. We use secure server software to encrypt Personal Information (including Genetic Information), and we only partner with security companies that meet and commit to our security standards. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur, we use appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent this. It is also important for you to guard against unauthorized access to your Personal Information by maintaining strong passwords and protecting against the unauthorized use of your own computer or device.12. International Data Transfers We are a global business and will transfer your Personal Information to countries other than your own country, including but not limited to the United States, Ireland, the United Kingdom and France. Countries which are outside the EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom may not offer the same level of data protection as in your home country. When we transfer your Personal and Genetic Information between Ancestry’s Ireland-based company and Ancestry’s U.S.-based companies for processing in the United States, we rely on established transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses. 13. Changes to This Statement We may modify this Privacy Statement at any time, but we will provide prominent advance notice of any material changes to this Statement, such as posting a notice through the Services, on our websites, or sending you an email, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes and choose whether to continue using the Services. We will also notify you of non-material changes to this Statement as of their effective date by posting a notice through the Services, on our websites, or sending you an email. If you object to any changes, you may delete your account as described in Section 10 . 14. Legal Bases Under EU General Data Protection Regulation for Processing Personal Information of EU Residents. Under EU and UK law, we are required to specify the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and the legal bases which we rely on to do this. Ancestry relies on a number of legal bases to collect and process your Personal Information and Genetic Information. You can view the details of our legal bases here . 15. Identity and Contact Details of the Data Customers in the United States If you reside in the United States, Ancestry.com Operations, L.P. , Ancestry.com Operations Inc., and Ancestry.com DNA, LLC, are responsible for the use of your data and for responding to any requests related to your Personal Information. For Users Located in the United States Ancestry.com Operations, L.P. Attn: Privacy Office 153 Townsend Street, Suite 800 San Francisco, CA 94107 US State Privacy Requests N/A California Authorized Agent Support N/A Customers Outside the United States If you reside outside the United States, Ancestry Ireland Unlimited Company is your data controller. Users outside of the United States may contact the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local Data Protection Authority. For Users Located Outside of the United States Ancestry Ireland Unlimited Company Attn: Privacy Office 52-55 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay Dublin D02 NA07 Ireland For Ancestry Customers : Ancestry customers can reach us using these phone numbers , or you may submit questions using this web form . Law Enforcement Requests : Requests for information from law enforcement bodies should follow Ancestry’s Guide for Law Enforcement . 16. US Resident Additional Privacy Statement Ancestry provides this US Resident Additional Privacy Statement (“ US Statement ”), applicable to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and other U.S. residents, as a supplement to our Privacy Statement, to provide information as to how you may exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA ”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“ CPA ”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“ CTDPA ”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“ VCDPA ”). This US Statement covers all Ancestry websites, services, and mobile apps that link to this US Statement, including: Ancestry, AncestryDNA , Fold3 , Newspapers.com ™, Archives , We Remember , and Find a Grave (throughout, collectively, as applicable “ Ancestry ” “ we ” or “ our ”). It applies to the Personal Information (defined above) we collect from your use of our Services and through any other means by which you engage with us. 16.1 Categories of Personal Information Ancestry collects, and has collected in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers , such as name, username, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, your mobile device identifier, email address, account name, driver’s license. Personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 not covered by an existing category (physical characteristics or descriptions). Characteristics of protected classifications under applicable state or federal law , such as self-reported assigned sex at birth and year of birth. This also includes Your Content (as defined in our Terms and Conditions ) you choose to disclose with us that is considered a legally protected class under applicable state or federal law. Commercial information , such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.Internet usage information , such as your browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our sites and advertisements. Geolocation data , such as location of your device or computer and any metadata associated with digital photographs uploaded to Find a Grave, including the location, date, and time the photo was taken. Sensory data , such as audio, electronic, and visual information (e.g., audio or video recordings you upload, recordings of calls with Ancestry Member Services or information you voluntarily disclose when doing consumer insights research with us). Inferences derived from Personal Information, such as to suggest familial relationships and to create consumer profiles for the purposes of research, product development and marketing. Please note as stated in Section 16.7 below, we do not sell your Personal Information. Sensitive Personal Information , such as driver’s license, account login information, racial or ethnic origin, and genetic data. We do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information to infer characteristics about you. Note that some categories of information are collected only if you use certain of our Services. 16.2 Business Purposes Ancestry uses the categories of Personal Information described in Section 16.1 for the following business purposes: Providing, personalizing, improving, updating, and expanding Ancestry’s Services;Communicating to you about the Services;Helping to ensure security and integrity of the Services; andMarketing new products and offers from us or our business partners based on your interests. 16.3 Categories of Sources of Personal Information Ancestry collects, and has collected in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, categories of Personal Information described in Section 16.1 from the following categories of sources: You, our user/visitor—this source of Personal Information depends on your use of the Services, including when you submit Your Content (as defined in our Terms and Conditions );The Ancestry Companies (defined in Section 7 );Public records;Historical records; and,Third parties. 16.4 Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes Ancestry discloses, and has disclosed in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, with the following categories of third parties the correlating categories of Personal Information for a business purpose: Other Ancestry Users (if you disclosed your Personal Information on Ancestry) Identifiers;Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code;Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law; Ancestry Companies Identifiers;Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code;Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law;Commercial information;Machine-readable DNA data (only between Ancestry and AncestryDNA);Internet usage information;Geolocation data;Sensory data; and,Inferences. Service Providers Identifiers and categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code such as email address and unique personal identifiers generated by Ancestry (tube code);Saliva samples;Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law (self-reported sex assigned at birth, year of birth) are disclosed to our partner laboratories;Commercial information;Internet usage information;Sensory data; and, Inferences. Research Partners Refer to the Informed Consent to Research for information on what is disclosed with research partners, which may include: Identifiers;Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code;Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law;Commercial information;Machine-readable DNA data;Internet usage information;Sensory data; and,Inferences. We do not voluntarily disclose your Personal Information with law enforcement or regulatory bodies. We require a valid legal process as described in Section 7 above before we would provide any data to law enforcement. For information on what data has been disclosed, see our bi-annual Transparency Report . 16.5 Disclosure and Advertising Preferences Ancestry shares, and has shared in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, with the following categories of third parties the correlating categories of Personal Information for targeted advertising: Marketing and Advertising Partners Identifiers;Commercial information;Internet usage information;Inferences. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to disclose information with our service providers and third-party partners for a variety of reasons, including to measure, target, and serve advertisements as further described in this Privacy Statement.Under the laws in certain US jurisdictions, you have the right to opt out of our sharing of your Personal Information for online targeted advertising purposes. You can learn more about our practices and the controls we provide you or opt out of certain types of such sharing by visiting our Cookie Policy . To change your preferences around targeted advertising, please visit our Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information/Opt Out of Targeted Advertising page or the “ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information ” link in the footer of some of our sites. Ancestry does not sell or share your Personal Information for other purposes. Some browsers or plug-ins use a Global Privacy Control (GPC), which you can learn more about at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. If our site detects a GPC signal from your device, we will interpret it as a request to opt out of selling or sharing your Personal Information and to opt out of targeted advertising. If you opt out of targeted advertising via the GPC or the opt-out preference on the Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information/Opt Out of Targeted Advertising page, we may still deliver advertising to you that is not tailored based on your Personal Information. These opt-outs are browser and device-specific. If you use multiple devices such as your smartphone, laptop, or tablet when you engage with Ancestry Services, you will need to specify your consent choices from each device. If you clear cookies from the cache in your browser, your “Do Not Sell or Share” preference will be erased, and you’ll need to reset it. Ancestry does not sell or share your Genetic Information with third-party marketers, insurance companies, or employers, and we will not use your Genetic Information for marketing or personalized advertising without getting your explicit consent. 16.6 Exercising Your Rights. 16.6.1 Right to Know. You may have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, or share. This includes the right to request the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you, the categories of sources of Personal Information, the business purpose for collecting, disclosing, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties with whom we disclose or share categories of Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If you are submitting a request to know on your own behalf, there are two ways to make your request: online or by email. To submit your request to know for Ancestry online, follow these step-by-step instructions on how to download your account data. Please note that this report will not include a copy of your DNA Data or family trees. If you want a copy of your family trees, follow these step-by-step instructions . If you want a copy of your DNA Data, follow these step-by-step instructions . Please note that if you download your DNA Data, you do so at your own risk. To submit your request to know for our related brands (Fold3, Newspapers.com™, Find a Grave, We Remember or Archives), you can always contact us at the related brand and, for some Services, they may also have an online request form accessible from that service’s account settings menu (contact information and link to online request form, if available, are here ). To email your request to know, email us at usprivacyrequests @ancestry.com . We are required to verify your identity before providing you with a copy of your data. We will require you to provide proof of identity and current address (e.g., you may be required to provide a copy of your government-issued ID, which will be used solely to verify your identity and address). If you are an “Authorized Agent” pursuant to the CCPA/CPRA and are submitting a request to know on behalf of one of our users, see Section 16.6.3 below. 16.6.2 Right to Delete. You may have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information. If you are submitting a request to delete on your own behalf, there are two ways to make your request: online or by email. Note that to delete your Personal Information, you must delete your account and that once an account deletion request is completed, this process is irreversible. Your information (including, but not limited to, family trees, records, photos, and DNA Data) will be permanently deleted. To submit your request for deletion from Ancestry online, follow these step-by-step instructions on how to delete your account. To submit your request for deletion from our related brands (Fold3, Newspapers.com™, Find a Grave, We Remember or Archives), you can always contact us at the related brand and, for some Services, they may also have an online request form accessible from that service’s account settings menu (contact information and link to online request form, if available, are here ). To email your request to delete, email us at usprivacyrequests @ancestry.com .We are required to verify your identity before we delete your data. We will require you to provide proof of identity and current address (e.g., you may be required to provide a copy of your government-issued ID, which will be used solely to verify your identity and address). If you are an “Authorized Agent” pursuant to the CCPA/CPRA and are submitting a request to know on behalf of one of our users, see Section 16.6.3 below. 16.6.3 Authorized Agents. California residents can use “authorized agents” to make requests to know and requests for deletion. To use an authorized agent, email us at thirdpartyauthorizationrequests@ancestry.com . Note that even if a consumer chooses to use an authorized agent for a request, the consumer will still need to work directly with us to provide item 3 below: Proof that the authorized agent is registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.Signed permission from the consumer allowing the authorized agent to act on the consumer’s behalf.Verification of the consumer’s identity (to be made directly by the consumer to us). We will require proof of identity and California address (e.g., a copy of your government-issued ID, which will be used solely to verify your identity and address). Please note : The report will be delivered to the consumer via their Ancestry account. Also note that the report does not include a copy of the consumer’s DNA Data or family trees. If the consumer wants to download their family trees or DNA Data, see Section 16.6.1 above. 16.6.4 Right to Appeal. If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia resident and your request to know or delete your data is denied, you have the right to appeal. You can do so by contacting us at usprivacyrequests@ancestry.com . 16.6.5 Right to Correct. You have the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you. You can do so by visiting Account Settings or contacting us at usprivacyrequests@ancestry.com . 16.7 Selling. To opt out of targeted advertising, please see Section 16.5 . 16.8 Sensitive Personal Information. We process sensitive personal information collected about you only to provide the Services, including to: Maintain the quality and safety of the Services;Improve the Services;Detect security incidents;Resist and prosecute malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at Ancestry, and;Maintain or service accounts, provide customer service, process or fulfill orders and transactions, verify customer information, process payments, provide analytic services, and provide storage. We may also process this sensitive personal information as needed to help ensure people’s physical safety and as required by applicable law. 16.9 Non-discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under applicable US privacy regulations. 16.10 California’s Shine the Light Law. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” law, permits Users who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. Under Section 1798.83, Ancestry currently does not share any Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. 16.11 Annual Reporting. Click here to see our annual, global Right to Know/Subject Access and Right to Delete requests. 16.12 Contact Us. If you have questions about our US-related privacy policies or practices, please contact us at usprivacyrequests @ancestry.com . 16.13 Actions for Relief. Various federal, state, and local laws may protect your Personal Information. California residents who wish to allege a violation of the California Genetic Information Privacy Act (GIPA) may file a complaint with the California Attorney General or their district attorney. Residents of cities with more than 750,000 residents may file a complaint with their city attorney, and residents of cities with full-time city prosecutors may file a complaint with their city prosecutor. If you wish to file a complaint with your district attorney, city attorney, or city prosecutor, contact their local office for more information. California residents who believe that their Personal Information was used improperly may file a complaint with the California Attorney General or California Privacy Protection Agency (CPPA) . Residents of other states who believe that their Personal information was used improperly may file a complaint with their attorney general.17. Australian Resident Additional Privacy Statement If the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) applies to the handling of your Personal Information, these clauses will also apply: - Genetic Information is considered “sensitive information” as set out under the Privacy Act. We will collect, use or disclose sensitive information about you only as permitted by law, for example where we have received your consent to do so or the collection is required or authorized by law. - In relation to Section 8 (Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Personal Information), you may have the right to make a complaint to the relevant privacy or data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. However, if you have any questions or concerns about our handling of your Personal Information, or if you believe we have not complied with this Privacy Statement or the relevant privacy law in your jurisdiction, we would appreciate it if you contact us in the first instance using the details in Section 15 above. We will investigate the complaint and determine what action, if any, to take.