Mozilla Privacy Policy What do we mean by "personal information?" For us, "personal information" means information which either directly identifies you (like your name, email address, or billing information) or can be reasonably linked or combined to identify you (like an account identification number or IP address). We’ll always tell you what personal information we’re collecting from you. See each product’s Privacy Notice for specific details. Any information that falls outside of this is "non-personal information." If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information. How do we learn information about you? We learn information about you when: you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to send us crash reports);we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., when your Firefox browser checks with us to see if it is up to date);someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account); orwhen we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services). What do we do with your information once we have it? When you give us information, we will use it in the ways for which you've given us permission. Generally, we use your information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you. For users in the EU, EEA, Switzerland, and California: see here for more information. When do we share your information with others? When we have asked and received your permission to share it.For processing or providing products and services to you, but only if those entities receiving your information are contractually obligated to handle the data in ways that are approved by Mozilla.When we are fulfilling our mission of being open . We sometimes release information to make our products better and foster an open web, but when we do so, we will remove your personal information and try to disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified. When the law requires it. We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit. We'll notify you when we're asked to hand over your personal information in this way unless we're legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we'll only release your personal information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's request to disclose your information. When we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to you or someone else. We will only share your information in this way if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of you, our other users, Mozilla or the public.If our organizational structure or status changes (if we undergo a restructuring, are acquired, or go bankrupt) we may pass your information to a successor or affiliate. How do we store and protect your personal information? We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer. What if we change this privacy policy or any of our privacy notices? We may need to change this policy and our notices. The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through Mozilla's usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page. Contact Mozilla If you want to make a correction to your information, or you have any questions about our privacy policies, please get in touch with: Mozilla Corporation Attn: Mozilla - Privacy 149 New Montgomery St, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105 USA See here for Data Subject Access Requests. If you are under 13, we don’t want your personal information, and you must not provide it to us. If you are a parent and believe that your child who is under 13 has provided us with personal information, please contact us to have your child’s information removed.For product support requests, please visit our forums . Menu Mozilla Privacy Data Privacy Principles Mozilla’s Data Privacy Principles inspire our practices that respect and protect people who use the internet. Learn how these principles shape Firefox and all of our products in this FAQ Transparency Report As an open source project, transparency and openness are an essential part of Mozilla’s founding principles. Our codebases are open and auditable. Our development work is open. Our bi-annual Transparency Report also demonstrates our commitment to these principles. Get Involved To review and comment on proposed changes to our privacy policies, subscribe to Mozilla’s governance group . Read more about our ongoing privacy and security public policy work on Mozilla’s Open Policy and Advocacy Blog . Company Resources Support Developers Follow @Mozilla (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) Follow @Firefox (@firefox) (@firefox) (@firefoxchannel) Language Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation . Portions of this content are ©1998–2023 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license .Privacy Firefox products are designed to protect your privacy You should be able to decide who sees your personal info. Not just among your friends, but with every advertiser and company on the internet — including us. That’s why everything we make and do honors our Personal Data Promise Take Less We make a point of knowing less about you All tech companies collect data to improve their products. But it doesn’t need to include so much of your personal info. The only data we want is the data that serves you in the end. We ask ourselves: do we actually need this? What do we need it for? And when can we delete it? Keep it safe We do the hard work to protect your personal info Data security is complicated — or at least it should be. Which is why we take the extra steps to classify the data we have, maintain rules for how we store and protect each type, and never stop iterating on our processes. We prioritize your privacy. We invest in it. We’re committed to it. We even teach other companies how to do it . No secrets You’ll always know where you stand with us There’s no hidden agenda here. Our business doesn’t depend on secretly abusing your trust. Our Privacy Notice is actually readable. If you want to dig into every data-point we collect, our code is open. And so are we. Why trust Firefox? Because we put people first. In fact, we’re backed by a non-profit . From day one, it’s been our mission to protect the internet and everyone on it. Your privacy, by the product Firefox products work differently — because they’re designed to protect your privacy first. Read the Privacy Notice for our products Company Resources Support Developers Follow @Mozilla (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) Follow @Firefox (@firefox) (@firefox) (@firefoxchannel) Language Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation . Portions of this content are ©1998–2023 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license .Websites, Communications & Cookies Privacy Notice We care about your privacy. When Mozilla (that's us) collects information about you, our Mozilla Privacy Policy describes how we handle that information. This privacy notice applies to Mozilla operated websites and mobile apps, which include the domains mozillians.org, mozilla.org, and firefox.com, among others. This includes, for example, foundation.mozilla.org, bugzilla.mozilla.org, reps.mozilla.org, careers.mozilla.org, developer.mozilla.org, support.mozilla.org, addons.mozilla.org, and wiki.mozilla.org. Things you should know Social Media : If you engage with our social media accounts, such as Twitter and Facebook, we may receive personal information about you. If you use these networks, their privacy policies apply, and you are encouraged to read them. Job, Intern, Grant & Fellow Applicants : Applicants for employment, internship, grant, or fellowship opportunities with Mozilla are required to give us a name, street address, telephone number, email address, and resume, and sometimes additional information as well. We use this information to process and evaluate applications and to communicate with applicants about opportunities. We use Greenhouse to handle employment and intern applications, and Fluxx.io to handle fellowship and MOSS grant applications. Contributors : Volunteering for Mozilla as a community contributor may require Mozilla and others to communicate with you at the email address that you provide in connection to your contribution and to recognize your efforts. If you contribute to Bugzilla, Mozilla Reps, or our code base, then your email address and possibly your name will be publicly available to all internet users. If you create an account on Mozilla Connect (platform powered by Khoros , which has its own privacy notice), your name, your avatar, your posts and replies and other information you share will be accessible to Mozilla and other community members. If you create a profile at people.mozilla.org, it will be accessible to Mozilla employees and Mozilla contributors. You can edit your profile data at Profile Settings . We sometimes use contributor information from sources (such as Bugzilla) in dashboards to visually share aggregated data on the Mozilla community. An example is https://wiki.mozilla.org/Contribute/Dashboards . If possible, we try to minimize contact information that is publicly displayed. User Feedback : You can provide feedback to us on our products and services on webpages like input.mozilla.org , through an in-product experience, or through channels such as email, Bugzilla, Matrix, a social media account, our Get Involved page, or through a group like Student Ambassadors. Please minimize the personal information you choose to share on these forums because your comments may be accessible to the public. Accounts & Subscriptions : Some websites, for example AMO and MDN require account creation to submit developer content or submit user reviews or comments. For account management we use Firefox Accounts , GitHub , or custom systems; see here to manage account data. You may periodically receive emails in connection with your account or through subscriptions. Our email management vendors are SalesForce Marketing Cloud , Send in Blue , Mailchimp , or Acoustic and you can unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the email. Product & Policy Campaigns : Some of our webpages host product or policy campaigns. For example, you can request a link by email or SMS to install Firefox on your mobile device or petition your legislators on internet issues. We may use third parties to manage these campaigns and handle any data that you choose to submit. Functionality : We may use information such as cookies, device information, and IP addresses to enhance functionality of certain products, services, and communications. For example: We use cookies to remember information about your Firefox settings (such as language preference and Firefox add-ons), and so that we can recommend relevant features and Add-ons to you based on your Firefox settings. They also assist with user sign-in and authentication so you can bypass re-entering your passwords on certain Mozilla websites.We use IP addresses to customize communications by language and country.We use certain device information such as country, language, operator and OEM, to customize your experience. Metrics : We may also use cookies, device information, and IP addresses, along with clear GIFs, cookies and third party services to help us understand in the aggregate how users engage with our products, services, communications, websites, online campaigns, snippets, devices, and other platforms. We use: Mozilla Glean, our first-party telemetry and analytics platform. You can learn more about the specific types of data we collect in the Glean Dictionary .Google Analytics, which places a cookie on your device, to obtain metrics on how users engage with our websites. This helps us to improve site content.Convert.com and ShareProgress, which place a cookie on your device, to help us test variations of web content. This helps us offer better web experiences to users.DoubleClick and Flashtalking, each of which uses a clear GIF on our download Firefox page. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. HTTP Referral Data, which may be included with Firefox’s installer, to understand the website domain or advertising campaign that referred you to our download page. This information helps us understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and improve them.Other metrics tools from time to time, on an experimental basis. For example, we may do this to help evaluate a new metrics tool, or test existing metrics collection. Fraud Prevention : Mozilla has implemented third-party technology, Google’s Invisible reCAPTCHA, that operates in the background on some of our websites in order to identify fraudulent activity. Use of the Invisible reCAPTCHA is governed by the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . Cookie History : You can accept or decline individual cookies in your Firefox preferences in the Tools/Options/Privacy history section. Note that certain features of our products and services may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Do Not Track : Mozilla does not track users across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. If you have configured your browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal when accessing our websites, Mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the Metrics section. Email : Our marketing communications are optional to receive and you can unsubscribe from the footer of the email or by updating your Mozilla email preferences . Analytics & Optimization : Follow the instructions below to prevent data collection about your visits to Mozilla websites: Mozilla first-party tools: Opt-out on www.mozilla.org . Google: Install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on , which prohibits data transmission to Google Analytics. Some Mozilla.org pages use clear GIFs which communicate with DoubleClick to understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns; you can control personalized ads from DoubleClick in Google's ad settings (you will be prompted to sign into your Google Account).Convert.com: Opt-out on www.mozilla.org . ShareProgress and Fathom.com: You can turn on Do Not Track in your browser . Social Media : The social sharing buttons on Mozilla websites are designed not to share data with the social media provider until you specifically click the button. Payment Processing : Except for payments made by check, money order, and direct debit, and wire transfers, Mozilla does not receive any financial information, which is transmitted from you to the named third party vendor for processing (e.g., Braintree, PayPal, Bitpay, Stripe). In addition, foundation.mozilla.org utilizes a third-party called Fundraise Up to manage the donation checkout. Personal Data : We may also receive your name, mailing address, and/or email address. This data is used for fraud detection and record-keeping. We use Acoustic to email receipts and store records, which are retained for four years from the date of last payment. Menu Mozilla PrivacyMozilla Websites, Communications & Cookies Company Resources Support Developers Follow @Mozilla (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) Follow @Firefox (@firefox) (@firefox) (@firefoxchannel) Language Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation . Portions of this content are ©1998–2023 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license .At Mozilla, we believe that privacy is fundamental to a healthy internet. That’s why we build Firefox, and all our products, to give you greater control over the information you share online and the information you share with us. We strive to collect only what we need to improve Firefox for everyone. In this Privacy Notice, we explain what data Firefox shares and point you to settings to share even less. We also adhere to the practices outlined in the Mozilla privacy policy for how we receive, handle and share information we collect from Firefox. Firefox by default shares data to: Interaction data : Firefox sends data about your interactions with Firefox to us (such as number of open tabs and windows; number of webpages visited; number and type of installed Firefox Add-ons; and session length) and Firefox features offered by Mozilla or our partners (such as interaction with Firefox search features and search partner referrals). Technical data : Firefox sends data about your Firefox version and language; device operating system and hardware configuration; memory, basic information about crashes and errors; outcome of automated processes like updates, safebrowsing, and activation to us. When Firefox sends data to us, your IP address is temporarily collected as part of our server logs. Read the telemetry documentation for Desktop , Android , or iOS or learn how to opt-out of this data collection on Desktop and Mobile . You can perform searches directly from several places in Firefox, including the Awesome Bar, Search Bar, or on a New Tab. We receive data about how you engage with search in Firefox and the number of searches you request from our search partners. Location data : When you first use Firefox, it uses your IP address to set your default search provider based on your country. Learn more . Search queries : Firefox by default sends search queries to your search provider to help you discover common phrases other people have searched for and improve your search experience if your selected search provider supports search suggestions. Your selected search provider’s privacy policy governs the search provider’s collection and use of your data as you use the search provider’s services. Learn more , including how to disable this feature. Links to our default search providers' privacy policies include: Mozilla generally receives royalties when you use one of the default or optional search options in the Firefox web browser, including but not limited to Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo, and eBay. If you enable "Improve the Firefox Suggest Experience," we and our partners may also receive your search queries. Learn more below . Firefox displays content, such as Add-on Recommendations, Top Sites (websites suggested by Mozilla for first-time Firefox users), and Pocket Recommendations (which is part of the Mozilla family). Location data : Firefox uses your IP address to suggest relevant content based on your country and state. Technical & Interaction data : Firefox sends us data such as the position, size and placement of content we suggest, as well as basic data about your interactions with content. This includes the number of times content is displayed or clicked. Pocket Recommendations : We recommend content to you based on your browsing history, language, and country location. The process of deciding which stories you should see based on your browsing history happens locally in your copy of Firefox, and neither Mozilla nor Pocket receives a copy of your browsing history. To help you see relevant Pocket Recommendations based on your location, Firefox shares your language and country location with Pocket. Mozilla and Pocket receive aggregated data about the recommendations you see and click. We also share aggregated data about the sponsored content you see and click with our third-party ad platform Kevel so advertisers can see how many people click on their articles. This aggregated data does not identify you personally. Top Sites : When you click on a Sponsored Top Sites tile on New Tab, we share your country, region, county (if you're in the US), the tile you clicked, and the time you clicked with AdMarketplace (a third-party referral platform) to verify you navigated to the website. Firefox does not share your IP address or any other information that could be used to identify you. Add-on and Feature Recommendations : We recommend Add-ons in two places: the Manage Your Extensions Page (about:addons) and the Awesome Bar, where you search or type in URLs. We may also recommend Firefox Features in the Awesome Bar. We base the recommendations in about:addons on a cookie. We base the recommendations in the Awesome Bar on your interaction with Firefox. Mozilla does not receive your browser history. The process happens locally in your own computer’s copy of Firefox.Learn More about Awesome Bar recommendations or Extensions Page recommendations . Webpage data to DNS Resolver service : For some Firefox users, Firefox routes DNS requests to a resolver service that has agreed to Mozilla’s strict privacy standards for resolvers . This provides added protection from privacy leaks to local networks and also from certain DNS security attacks. System logs of your DNS requests are deleted from the service within 24 hours and are only used for the purpose of DNS resolution. Learn more or see our default DNS resolver service providers below: Cloudflare NextDNS Comcast CIRA Shaw Technical data for updates : Desktop versions of Firefox check for browser updates by persistently connecting to Mozilla servers. Your Firefox version, language, and device operating system are used to apply the correct updates. Mobile versions of Firefox may connect to another service if you used one to download and install Firefox. Learn more . Technical data for add-ons blocklist : Firefox for Desktop and Android periodically connect to Mozilla to protect you and others from malicious add-ons. Your Firefox version and language, device operating system, and list of installed add-ons are needed to apply and update the add-ons blocklist. Learn more . Webpage and technical data to Google’s SafeBrowsing service : To help protect you from malicious downloads, Firefox sends basic information about unrecognized downloads to Google's SafeBrowsing Service, including the filename and the URL it was downloaded from. Learn more or read Google’s Privacy Policy . Opting out prevents Firefox from warning you of potentially illegitimate or malicious websites or downloaded files. Webpage and technical data to Certificate Authorities : When you visit a secure website (usually identified with a URL starting with "HTTPS"), Firefox validates the website's certificate . This may involve Firefox sending certain information about the website to the Certificate Authority identified by that website. Opting out increases the risk of your private information being intercepted. Learn more . By default on desktop versions of Firefox, we will ask you to share a report with more detailed information about crashes with Mozilla, but you always have the choice to decline. Sensitive data : Crash reports include a ‘dump file’ of Firefox’s memory contents at the time of the crash, which may contain data that identifies you or is otherwise sensitive to you. Webpage data : Crash reports include the active URL at time of crash. Technical data : Crash reports include data on why Firefox crashed and the state of device memory and execution during the crash. Read the full documentation here . Campaign and Referral Data : This helps Mozilla understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. On Desktop : Firefox by default sends Mozilla HTTP data that may be included with Firefox’s installer. This enables us to determine the website domain or advertising campaign (if any) that referred you to our download page. Read the documentation or opt-out before installation. On Mobile : Firefox for iOS and Android by default send mobile campaign data to Adjust, our analytics vendor, which has its own privacy policy . Mobile campaign data includes a Google advertising ID or Android ID, IP address, timestamp, country, language/locale, operating system, and app version. Read the documentation . Mozilla is developing a new feature that helps deliver you better information with less effort. It’s called Firefox Suggest and an early version of it is currently available to users in the United States. By default, Firefox Suggest shows you recommended and sponsored content based on local data stored on your own computer, such as websites from your browsing history, bookmarks and open tabs. Sites you visit : Firefox sends Mozilla which suggestions you click or dismiss and Mozilla may share that data with its partners . Location data : Firefox temporarily sends Mozilla your IP address which we use to suggest content based on your country, state, and city. Mozilla may share location information with our partners, but partners will not receive your IP address. Technical & interaction data : Firefox sends Mozilla data such as the number of times Firefox suggests or displays content and your clicks on that content, as well as basic data about your interactions with Firefox Suggest. Mozilla shares information with our partners about how many times suggestions are shown and clicked for verification and feature improvement. If you choose to enable "Improve the Firefox Suggest Experience," Firefox shares the following information to improve your browsing experience and to improve the service: Searches : Firefox sends Mozilla what you type into the search bar and Mozilla may share that data with its partners . We take measures to limit our and our partners’ ability to identify you. Learn more .If you use these features, Firefox will share data to provide you functionality and help us improve our products and services: Registration data : Mozilla receives your email address and a hash of your password when you create a Firefox Account or sign-up to Join Firefox. You can choose to include a display name or profile image. Your email address is sent to our email vendor, Acoustic, which has its own privacy policy . Location data : For security purposes, we store the IP addresses used to access your Firefox Account in order to approximate your city and country. We use this data to send you email alerts if we detect suspicious activity, such as account logins from other locations. Interaction data : We receive data such as your visits to the Firefox Accounts website, dashboards and menu preferences, what products and services you use in connection with your Firefox Account, and your interactions with our emails and SMS messages. We use this to understand your use of our products and services and to send you more useful Firefox Account Tips and in-product messages. Learn more about interaction data we collect in the Glean Dictionary . Technical data : To display which devices are synced to your Firefox Account and for security functionality, we store your device operating system, browser and version, timestamp, locale, and the same information for devices connected to your account. If you use your Firefox Account to log into other websites or services (such as AMO or Pocket), we receive the timestamp of those log-ins. Read the full documentation or learn more, including how to manage your Firefox Account data or our data practices for websites and email . You can also read the privacy notices for our Firefox Account connected services, which are: Synced data : If you enable Sync, Mozilla receives the information that you sync across devices in encrypted form. This may include Firefox tabs, add-ons, passwords, payment autofill information, bookmarks, history, and preferences. Deleting your Firefox Account will delete related Firefox Sync content. You can also read the documentation . Technical and Interaction data : If you enable sync, Firefox will periodically send basic information using Telemetry about the most recent attempt to sync your data, such as when it took place, whether it succeeded or failed, and what type of device is attempting to sync. You can also read the documentation . Learn more , including how to enable or disable sync. Location data to Google's geolocation service : Firefox always asks before determining and sharing your location with a requesting website (for example, if a map website needs your location to provide directions). To determine location, Firefox may use your operating system’s geolocation features, Wi-fi networks, cell phone towers, or IP address, and may send this data to Google's geolocation service, which has its own privacy policy . Connection data : If you allow a website to send you notifications, Firefox connects with Mozilla and uses your IP address to relay the message. Mozilla cannot access the content of messages. Interaction data : We receive aggregate data such as the number of Firefox subscriptions and unsubscriptions to website notifications, number of messages sent, timestamps, and senders (which may include specific website providers). Read the full documentation or learn more , including how to revoke website notifications. You can install Add-ons from addons.mozilla.org (“AMO”) or from the Firefox Add-ons Manager, which is accessible from the Firefox menu button in the toolbar. Search queries : Search queries in the Add-on Manager are sent to Mozilla to provide you with suggested Add-ons. Interaction data : We receive aggregate data about visits to the AMO website and the Add-ons Manager in Firefox, as well as interactions with content on those pages. Read about data practices on Mozilla websites . Technical data for updates : Firefox periodically connects with Mozilla to install updates to Add-ons. Your installed Add-ons, Firefox version, language, and device operating system are used to apply the correct updates. Footnote This privacy notice is for the most recent general release version of Firefox distributed by Mozilla. If you obtain Firefox elsewhere, or are running an older version, your copy of Firefox may contain different privacy characteristics. Mozilla’s pre-release versions of Firefox (which are distributed through channels such as Nightly, Beta, Developer Edition and TestFlight) are development platforms frequently updated with experimental features and studies. In addition to the data collection described in this Privacy Notice, these versions by default may send certain types of web activity and crash data to Mozilla and in some cases to our partners. Any data collection or sharing adheres to our Firefox data collection policy and we will always be transparent and provide you with controls.Menu Mozilla PrivacyFirefox Browser Company Resources Support Developers Follow @Mozilla (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) Follow @Firefox (@firefox) (@firefox) (@firefoxchannel) Language Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation . Portions of this content are ©1998–2023 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license .Privacy Firefox protects your privacy in every product Firefox Browser 2,000+ trackers blocked — automatically Tracking has become an epidemic online: companies follow every move, click and purchase, collecting data to predict and influence what you’ll do next. We think that’s a gross invasion of your privacy. That’s why Firefox mobile and desktop browsers have Enhanced Tracking Protection on by default. If you want to see what Firefox is blocking for you, visit this page on your Firefox desktop browser. Get Enhanced Tracking Protection Download Firefox — English (US) Your system may not meet the requirements for Firefox, but you can try one of these versions: Download Firefox — English (US) Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Invisible to the top trackers Meet four of the most common categories of trackers — who won’t meet you. Always in your control Want to customize what gets blocked? Your settings are only one click away. Protection beyond tracking If you have a Firefox Account, you can also see how we’re helping you protect your personal info and passwords. More than 10,000,000,000 trackers blocked each day for Firefox users worldwide Download Firefox — English (US) Your system may not meet the requirements for Firefox, but you can try one of these versions: Download Firefox — English (US) Firefox is no longer supported on Windows 8.1 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Firefox is no longer supported on macOS 10.14 and below. Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Download the Firefox browser Firefox Monitor When you enter your email address in Firefox Monitor, we forget it immediately after we’ve checked for a match in known data breaches — unless you authorize us to continue monitoring new breaches for your personal information. Mozilla VPN Surf, stream and get work done on servers in over 30 countries for a secure internet connection with a new perspective. Pocket Pocket recommends high-quality, human-curated articles without collecting your browsing history or sharing your personal information with advertisers. Your Firefox Account Take your privacy and bookmarks everywhere with a Firefox Account. Enter your email to access Firefox Accounts. Email address By proceeding, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Notice . Already have an account?Sign In or learn more about joining Firefox. Read the Privacy Notice for our products Company Resources Support Developers Follow @Mozilla (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) (@mozilla) Follow @Firefox (@firefox) (@firefox) (@firefoxchannel) Language Visit Mozilla Corporation’s not-for-profit parent, the Mozilla Foundation . Portions of this content are ©1998–2023 by individual mozilla.org contributors. Content available under a Creative Commons license .