Flashtalking & Consumer privacy Flashtalking is committed to consumer privacy and data protection. As the industry’s leading independent provider of ad delivery, creative personalization, and media measurement, we honor consumer notice and choice while helping advertisers improve the quality, relevance, and effectiveness of digital advertising. We do not buy, sell, or share media or user data. Nor do we profile users, broker audiences, or collect personally-identifiable information , such as a person’s name and email address, or store sensitive information of any sort. Our products and policies limit our collection and use of personal data to basic pseudonymous identifiers such as cookie IDs, device IDs, IP addresses and non-precise location data when provided, which we use for fraud detection, engagement analysis, and advertising delivery and measurement activities that are at the core of our business. Flashtalking may also use a privacy-oriented, cookieless approach to identify devices for measuring advertising quality and effectiveness and personalized ad creative messaging. While this technology looks at a number of data signals, it does not collect sensitive data from a user’s device. All data is securely stored and protected using industry-certified security and encryption protocols. Learn more about Flashtalking’s use of data in our Privacy Policy . Flashtalking supports consumer choice and transparency. Flashtalking fully respects users’ opt-out and privacy preferences. Users can easily opt-out of interest-based creative personalization and all tracking (cookie-based and cookieless) through our website , or industry opt-out sites in the US (DAA, NAI) and in Europe (EDAA). Furthermore, Flashtalking is audited annually and monitored continually by the NAI for compliance with their industry-leading privacy guidelines. Flashtalking has expanded our opt-out policies so that every time an advertiser leverages our cookieless technology, consumers always have notice and the choice of whether to opt-out of collection and use of personal data. Flashtalking is taking the following steps to ensure consumers are aware and in control of how personal data is used. Every ad using our cookieless approach will include our Privacy icon.By clicking on this icon, consumers can find more information about the Flashtalking cookieless technology and are provided with the option to opt out.Flashtalking policy requires that every advertiser website deploying Flashtalking’s cookieless approach should include a reference to cookieless tracking in their consumer privacy policy or related statements, and should provide a link for the consumer to opt out. Flashtalking focuses on regulatory compliance. To meet the enhanced standards for transparency and accountability for personal data uses under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and additional US State laws, we have implemented a comprehensive cross-functional compliance program. Our approach ensures that our administrative, technical and operational controls comply with regulatory requirements. This includes safeguarding the data under our care using secure encryption technologies, and independently testing our information security against international standards using third-party auditors. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our privacy and security compliance programs (contact information below). Flashtalking was also among the first sponsors of the IAB Europe’s Transparency and Consent Framework for programmatic advertising and digital media services and is a registered vendor . Additional approaches include: Internal controls to ensure Privacy by Design in our products on an ongoing basisProcesses to ensure data subjects have access to their itemized rightsUpdated contracts with clients and partners to ensure all parties are able to meet their respective compliance obligations Flashtalking’s Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Colin O’Malley ( privacy@flashtalking.com ) © Copyright Simplicity Marketing 2007-2022. Flashtalking is a trademark of Simplicity Marketing Ltd.Privacy Policy Last Updated JUNE 30, 2023 Overview Flashtalking and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (Simplicity Marketing Ltd, Flashtalking Inc, Flashtalking GmbH, Flashtalking PTY, Flashtalking PTE Ltd., “Flashtalking,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides an interactive advertising technology that delivers advertisements on behalf of advertisers and allows them to serve ads that are customized to users’ interests and to understand how users respond to their ads (the “Services”). Once an ad has been purchased by an advertiser, Our Services allow the advertiser to serve ads, and tailor those ads such that they are more likely to be of interest and value to users of the internet and mobile apps. Flashtalking is fully committed to preserving the privacy of users who see advertisements delivered by Flashtalking. Flashtalking does not create consumer profiles or audiences, and never brokers or monetizes data to 3rd-parties; data is owned (controlled) by the respective advertisers, and Flashtalking does not pool consumer data across clients/advertisers. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy. We encourage you to check back regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. To learn about Flashtalking’s commitment to Consumer Privacy and Data Protection, please read Your Privacy Choices . Flashtalking is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to NAI Codes of Conduct as well as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles. Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies used by the Flashtalking Platform Flashtalking’s platform uses various technologies to collect information, including cookies, web beacons, web storage, advertising device identifiers, and similar technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help to recognize that the same device has been seen before, and where, in the context of a client’s ad campaign. This helps indicate if an ad is effective for the advertiser, and helps the advertiser tailor messages, offers, recommendations, and promoted content to your preferences over time. For example, once an ad has been bought, a client may use our technology to show you ads that they think will be of particular interest based on your web browsing activity. The Flashtalking platform may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services and help perform a variety of functions, including delivering cookies, counting visits, and understanding usage. Non-cookie technologies can also be used to recognize your device in order to show you ads that are tailored to your interests and to understand how you interact with the ads we show. For example, your device might be identified through the IP address from which you interact with the Services and the user agent string broadcast by your browser or device. For more information about the choices available to you with respect to our use of information about your browser or device for interest-based advertising purposes, please see “Your Choices” below. Disclosure of Information We may disclose the information we collect as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy: With our advertising and publishing clients, with respect to the performance of their online ads;With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work or perform services on our behalf;In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, rule, regulation or legal process;If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Flashtalking or others; In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; andBetween and among Flashtalking and any current or future parent, subsidiary and/or affiliated company. How We Protect the Information We Collect We take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no transmission over the internet or electronic storage can be completely secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any data. Flashtalking also complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework . Retention of Information Flashtalking retains information for a period of up to 60 months per type of data based on Legitimate business need, Contractual obligations, and Consent. Consumer Personal Data (pseudonymous identifiers including IP addresses, cookie IDs, device IDs, etc.) are retained for up to 24 months.For DE residents, the last octet of IP addresses is anonymized prior to collection. You can request a copy of our Information Retention Policy by emailing privacy@flashtalking.com . GDPR: International Data Transfers We maintain facilities and offices around the world, including in the United States, the UK, EU, and Australia. Your personal data may be transferred to, stored, or processed outside of your country or the country in which you were located when you initially volunteered the information. Flashtalking is responsible for onward transfer to 3rd parties if they occur. As a global marketing technology and services provider working with international Clients, we take many steps to protect the personal data in our care, including offering contractual assurances to this effect. Should the relationship with you or one of our group companies, Clients or partners involve cross-border data flows outside the European Union, we shall formally undertake to comply with the best data protection standards by adhering to the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission. Contact Us If you have any questions or need to contact us, please first reach out at privacy@flashtalking.com or privacy_EU@flashtalking.com . If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the privacy team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer, Lucid Privacy, reachable at DPO@flashtalking.com . Complaints EU residents have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our or our clients’ collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local authority or find the contact details for data protection authorities in the European territories at the Data Protection Authorities website . In compliance with EU/UK and various US State laws, and the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, Flashtalking commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information within the allowed timeframes. Flashtalking is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Flashtalking may disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you are an online consumer, please continue reading below.If you are a commercial visitor to our website, please continue here. If you are an authorized user of our ad technology platform, please continue here. Privacy Policies Pertaining to Online Consumers Collection of Information Information We Collect Automatically Through the Services In order to serve advertisements to your web browser and to help our customers provide ads that are relevant to your interests, we automatically collect certain information when you access websites that incorporate our Services or otherwise interact with our Services. This information does not identify you individually, but it does reflect information about the websites and mobile apps you visit and use and how you interact with the ads we serve. Browser and Device Information: We collect information at the time of the ad being served about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier (if applicable), connection type and identifiers assigned to your browser or device, such as the advertising identifiers assigned by platform providers. This information does not directly identify a natural person or individual, nor is tied to “sensitive information” under GDPR, CCPA, or similar regulatory frameworks. Usage Data: We collect information about the websites and mobile apps you visit, including the date and time your browser or device accesses such websites or apps and the specific pages accessed;Click and Search Data: Within the scope of the Services employed by our clients, we may collect information about the ads that you click on and the search terms you use.Location Information: If permitted by your browser or device, we may collect non-precise information about the geo-location of your device for the purposes of serving ads that may be more relevant to you or helping to understand how you responded to ads served to you. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below. We also infer information about your general (non-specific) location based on your IP address. Collection of Personal Information Although our Services are designed to avoid collecting information that identifies you personally, in certain cases, at the request of an advertiser or publisher, a Flashtalking ad may be designed to enable the collection of data such as your town, zip code, or gender. This information is provided to the advertiser or publisher who sponsored the ad or its authorized service provider and is not used by Flashtalking for any other purpose.The advertiser or publisher’s collection and use of personal information is governed by such advertiser or publisher’s privacy policy. Flashtalking does not collect or use data for advertising purposes which directly identifies an individual or is tied to “sensitive information” such as name, postal address, social security numbers or other government-issued identifiers, insurance plan numbers, financial account numbers, sexual orientation, or precise information about past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions. We do not personalize any ads based on any health-related topics. Grounds for Using Your Personal Data When administering the website, Flashtalking acts as a data controller/business. While collecting and processing Ad data, Flashtalking acts as a data processor/service provider, relying on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data: Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing. In the EU/UK, Flashtalking applies a Legitimate Interest legal basis for using IP addresses to help measure marketing campaign performance. Performance of contract. We will need to collect and use your personal data to fulfill a contract with a client of Flashtalking, who has paid us to display advertisements. For example, when you visit a website which our clients and partners offer advertising services, Flashtalking will display an ad and collect the relevant information about the display of the advertisement.User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn. Use of Information We use the information we collect to help our clients understand how their ads are performing, to serve ads that are tailored to your interests, and to understand, measure, and report on how users interact with the Services. We may engage in cross-device data collection for the purposes of measurement and/or personalization. We may also use the information we collect from the Services to maintain and constantly improve upon the Services. YOUR CHOICES Opting out of Interest-Based Advertising & Collection of Personal Information Please visit our Opt Out Page . Request removal of your Personal Data You may send your deletion request by email to privacy@flashtalking.com or privacy_EU@flashtalking.com . Data Subject Rights (GDPR, FOR EU only) This section addresses the Article 12 requirement for Transparent information, communication and modalities for the exercise of the rights of the data subject. An individual consumer who seeks access to personal data concerning them, or who seeks to correct, amend, request processing restrictions, object to processing, or delete personal data or exercise a right of portability should direct his or her query to the respective Flashtalking clients. Flashtalking abides by the Data Subject Rights requests referenced within GDPR Articles 13-22 with respect to: Right to be informed (about processing activities and applicable rights)Right to access data (or obtain data being processed)Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect)Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten)Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent)Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful)Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format) Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities) Flashtalking and its subsidiaries and partners have put into place operational processes to comply with all Data Subject Rights requests within 30 days when received, however we may need to verify certain Personal data fields to ensure we act upon the correct data. Right to be Informed about Processing (Articles 13 and 14): The publisher websites on which Flashtalking serves ads in the EU provide the primary notice of processing through their collection and management of a consumer’s explicit consent. Right to access data (or obtain data being processed) (Article 15): We offer a Data Output report with a verified cookie or device ID.If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request. Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect) (Article 16): Once data access is given, as per Article 15, the user has the right to rectify. However, as this data is collected from the device at the time of the ad being served, it is usually factual (at the time). Flashtalking has a Contractual Obligation to report on advertisements being served, so the users personal data is not relevant to the ad serve action, which we are obligated to report. Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten) (Article 17): Upon written request and verification of a user’s cookie or device ID, Personal data may be overwritten/deleted to become fully anonymized. The Opt Out mechanism can then maintain a user’s objective of being forgotten without risk of a new ID or entry into our database. However, based on user action, such as deleting the Opt Out cookie, they may re-appear in our system with a new cookie or device ID. Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful) (Article 18): Flashtalking will suppress unique identifiers to halt processing if requested to by the Advertiser or individual following the actions in Article 15 and 17. User can also accomplish by the Opt Out mechanism. Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format) (Article 20): A Data Output in a standard format can be provided upon user verification, however Flashtalking cannot guarantee its unique and proprietary dataset will be compatible with any other 3rd-party systems. Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent) (Article 21): Similar to Article 17, users may object to processing via our Opt Out mechanism. Flashtalking will comply with all such requests. Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities) (Article 22): While Flashtalking is a member of the advertising community, Flashtalking systems do not rely on any fully automated decision making, making this Article unlikely to apply to Flashtalking activities. California Consumer Disclosure & Rights (CCPA/CPRA) Definitions The terms “Business Purpose(s)”, “Personal Information”, “Sell” (or “Sale”), “Service Provider(s)” and “Third Parties” have the meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). These term references and disclosures are limited to this section of the Privacy Policy and designated exclusively for California Consumers. Categories of collected Personal Information Unique device identifiers such as Cookies, Mobile Ad IDs (IDFAs for iOS and Android Ad IDs), Timestamps, User Agent Strings, IP addresses, demographics, non-precise geo-location data, web addresses with specific web page information or the name of a mobile application. Purposes for collection and use of Personal Information We collect personal information to facilitate relevant advertising and measure the performance of online advertising. We also engage in various business purposes, including detecting fraud, auditing impressions, maintaining our services, and temporary one-time uses. Categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected Websites or mobile application publishers, advertisers, advertising services, technology platforms. Categories of Personal Information we sell We do not sell personal information. Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is sold We do not sell personal information. Categories of third parties to whom information was shared for a business purpose We do not share personal information with third parties except as directed by a client on their behalf. US Consumer Rights & Options OPT OUT OF PROCESSING Achieved through our Opt-Out process initiated at https://www.flashtalking.com/optout. This will erase your cookie ID and also opt you out of Interest Based Advertising and campaign performance measurement. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We offer a Data Output report with a verified cookie or device ID. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request. Please email your request to privacy@flashtalking.com. Deletion of Personal Information Upon written request to privacy@flashtalking.com and verification of a user’s cookie or device ID, Personal data may be overwritten/deleted to become fully anonymized. The Opt Out mechanism can then prevent a new ID or entry into our database. However, based on user action, such as deleting the Opt Out cookie, a user may re-appear in our system with a new cookie or device ID.Privacy Policies Pertaining to Commercial Visitors to the Site Overview This section of the Privacy Policy describes how Flashtalking collects, uses, and discloses information when you visit this website (“the Site”) and applies to all websites and mobile applications from which Flashtalking collects marketing data including https://www.flashtalking.com and any/all related service URLs. Information We Collect Automatically on the Site In order to serve advertisements to your web browser that are relevant to your interests, we automatically collect certain information when you access the Site. This information does not identify you individually, but it does reflect information about your visit(s) to the Site and how you interact with the content. Browser and Device Information: We collect information at the time of your visit to the Site about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier (if applicable), connection type and identifiers assigned to your browser or device, such as the advertising identifiers assigned by platform providers. This information does not directly identify a natural person or individual, nor is tied to “sensitive information” under GDPR, CPRA, or similar regulatory frameworks. Usage Data: We collect information about your visit(s) to the Site, including the date and time your browser or device accesses the Site and the specific pages accessed;Click and Search Data: We collect information about the links that you click on and the search terms you employ within the Site. Location Information: If permitted by your browser or device, we may collect information about the non-precise geo-location of your device for the purposes of serving you ads that may be more relevant to you or helping to understand how you responded to ads served to you. For more details, please see “Your Choices” below. We also infer information about your general (non-specific) location based on your IP address. Information Collected On Our Website Information Collected Visitors may provide contact information through our Site to find out more about Flashtalking, be contacted by a Flashtalking representative, or to start working with Flashtalking. Flashtalking (and its agents and service providers) may use this information to respond to your request, to send you marketing communications, and for business purposes such as marketing and research. We will also use the information we collect from advertisers and publishers for invoicing and billing purposes. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Flashtalking by following the instructions in those emails or by visiting mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences . If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations, if applicable. Flashtalking may also work with third parties that collect data on our Site and on other websites to serve you targeted ads. You can accept or reject cookies from such third-parties through the Site’s cookie consent mechanism, and/or opt out of interest-based ads by companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance opt out program here . Information We Collect from Other Sources We may also obtain other information that does not identify you personally (directly identify a natural person or individual or tied to “sensitive information” under GDPR, CPRA, or similar regulatory frameworks) from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including our business partners, other advertising companies, and publicly available sources. Please be aware that the information we receive from other parties is usually voluntarily given through use of their services. Grounds for Using Your Personal Data When administering the website, Flashtalking acts a data controller/business and relies on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data: Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing.User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer.You may withdraw your consent at any time using the opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn. Use of Information We use the information we collect through the Site to measure and improve user experience. We may also use personal information you provide to us for sales and direct marketing-related communications. Your Choices Opting out of Interest-Based Advertising Please visit our Opt Out page . Request removal of your Personal Data for Marketing Communications Whether we received your information through a form submission on the Site, through an email, provided to us directly, or through a partner service, you may opt out of marketing communications through the opt out process provided in our marketing messages. Please note that while the opt out is being processed, you may receive additional marketing communications. Data Subject Rights (EU only) This section addresses the Article 12 requirement for Transparent information, communication and modalities for the exercise of the rights of the data subject. An individual who seeks access to personal data concerning them, or who seeks to correct, amend, request processing restrictions, object to processing, or delete personal data or exercise a right of portability can direct his or her request to Flashtalking at privacy@flashtalking.com or privacy_EU@flashtalking.com . Flashtalking abides by the Data Subject Rights requests referenced within GDPR Articles 13-22 with respect to: Right to be informed (about processing activities and applicable rights)Right to access data (or obtain data being processed)Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect)Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten)Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent)Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful)Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format) Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities) Flashtalking and its subsidiaries and partners have put into place operational processes to comply with all Data Subject Rights requests within 30 days when received, however we may need to verify certain Personal data fields to ensure we act upon the correct data. Right to be Informed about Processing (Articles 13 and 14): An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete data collected for sales or direct marketing purposes can contact Flashtalking at privacy@flashtalking.com or privacy_EU@flashtalking.com . We will respond/act within 30 days. You may also Opt Out of marketing communications through the mechanism provided in the message, or by visiting mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences , in which case, we will no longer use your Personal information for direct marketing. Right to access data (or obtain data being processed) (Article 15): We will release the information upon verification of personal data. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request. Right to rectify information (when outdated or incorrect) (Article 16): Once data access is given, as per Article 15, the user has the right to rectify. Please submit such requests to privacy@flashtalking.com or privacy_EU@flashtalking.com . Right to erasure (and to be publicly forgotten) (Article 17): Personal data held for sales and marketing purposes may be overwritten/deleted upon request. Right to restrict processing (when processing is deemed to be unlawful) (Article 18): Flashtalking will suppress use of personal data for sales and direct marketing following the actions under Article 17. Users can also accomplish this through the Opt Out mechanism provided in marketing communications or by visiting mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences . Right to data portability (between proprietary systems in a common format) (Article 20): If requested to, we will act in accordance with Article 15 provided that as per Article 20, a common format is available. Right to object to processing (particularly activities based on consent) (Article 21): Similar to Article 17, users may object to use of their personal data for sales or direct marketing communications by either requesting from Flashtalking or via the Opt Out mechanism provided in communications. Flashtalking will comply with all such requests. Rights related to automated decision making (including decisions based on profiling activities) (Article 22): Flashtalking does not rely on any fully automated decision making with respect to sales and marketing communications. US User rights & OPtions OPT OUT OF PROCESSING Flashtalking will suppress use of personal data for sales and direct marketing upon request to privacy@flashtalking.com.Users can also accomplish this through the Opt Out mechanism provided in marketing communications or by visiting mediaocean.com/subscription-preferences. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We will release the information upon verification of personal data. If such information cannot be verified, we reserve the right to withhold fulfillment of the request. Please email your request to privacy@flashtalking.com. Deletion of Personal Information Upon written request to privacy@flashtalking.com, personal data held for sales and marketing purposes may be overwritten/deleted. Privacy Policies Pertaining to Authorized Users of our Ad Tech Platform Overview This section of the Privacy Policy describes how Flashtalking collects, uses, and discloses information when you use the Services and applies to all websites and mobile applications from which Flashtalking collects data including https://www.flashtalking.com , https://hub.flashtalking.net , and any/all related service URLs. Flashtalking is fully committed to preserving the privacy of users who see advertisements delivered by Flashtalking, and requires the same commitment from all users of the Services including Flashtalking employees, its clients, and anyone authorized to access and use the Platform and related services (“Platform Users,” “you,” or “your”). Collection of Information Information We Collect Automatically Through the Services We automatically collect certain information when Platform Users access and interact with the Services. This information reflects the parts of the platform you visit, and how you interact with the Services. Browser and Device Information: We collect information at the time of accessing the Services about your browser and device, including your browser type, device type, IP address, user agent string, operating system, mobile carrier (if applicable), connection type and identifiers assigned to your browser or device, such as the advertising identifiers assigned by platform providers.Usage Data: We collect information about the date and time your browser or device accesses the Services, and the specific pages accessed; Click and Search Data: We collect information about the buttons and links that you click on and the search terms you employ within the Services.Location Information: If permitted by your browser or device, we may collect information about the location of your device for the purposes of tailoring the Services to your locality. We also infer information about your general (non-specific) location based on your IP address.Use of our Platform (Hub): We will use your email address for login authentication, Platform update communications, and marketing communications. Grounds for Using Your Personal Data When administering the website through which you access the Services, Flashtalking acts a data controller. We rely on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data: Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing.Performance of contract. If you are our client, we need to collect and use your personal data to fulfill our contract with you and provide access to the Services. User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn. Use of Information FLASHTALKING PARTNER SERVICES We use the information we collect to grant you access to the Services, to understand, measure, and report on how you interact with the Services. We use the information we collect from the Services to maintain and constantly improve upon the Services, and to periodically send platform and marketing communications. Flashtalking uses Google’s YouTube API Services. The Google Privacy Policy can be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy and the Google App Permissions page can be found at: https://myaccount.google.com/permissions . The YouTube Terms of Service (ToS) can be found at: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms . Users of the Flashtalking Platform may opt to use this service if serving on YouTube.Your Choices Request removal of your Personal Data for Marketing Communications Whether we received your information through our contractual relationship or through a partner service, you may opt out of marketing communications through the opt out process provided in our marketing messages. Please note that while the opt out is being processed, you may receive additional marketing communications. Privacy Policy Banner 1 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Banner 2 Privacy Policy - Online Consumers Privacy Policy Banner 3 Privacy Policy - Commercial Visitors Privacy Policy Banner 4 Privacy Policy - Platform Users © Copyright Simplicity Marketing 2007-2022. Flashtalking is a trademark of Simplicity Marketing Ltd.