Privacy Policy 1 - INTRODUCTION By signing up for any of the products or services offered by Neuranet Inc. including Flexitive Design Cloud (together, the "Services"), you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and, as applicable, the Terms of Service . This policy is a legally binding agreement between you (and your client, employer or another entity if you are acting on their behalf) as the user of the Services (referred to as “you” or “your”) and Neuranet Inc. (referred to as “we”, “our”, “us” or “Neuranet”). If we add any new features or tools to our Services, they will also be subject to this policy. This Privacy Policy covers Neuranet’s treatment of the personal information Neuranet gathers when you are on any domain owned by Neuranet Inc, including, but not limited to, Neuranet.com and Flexitive.com and when you use Neuranet’s Services. This Privacy Policy was written to help you better understand how we collect, use and store your information. Since technology and privacy laws are always changing, we may occasionally update this policy. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this Privacy Policy, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version. Neuranet may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms of Service and policies at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. We will keep your Personal Information accurate, complete and up-to-date based on the information that you provide to us. If you request access to your Personal Information, we will inform you of the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as allowed by law, and provide you access to that information. When we use the term "Personal Information" in this policy, it means any information related to an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title, business address, or telephone number of an employee of an organization. If you wish to terminate Neuranet’s Services at any point please email support@flexitive.com 2 - CHILDREN UNDER 14 YEARS OF AGE You must be 14 years and older to register to use the Services. As a result, Neuranet does not specifically collect information about children. If we learn that Neuranet has collected information from a child under the age of 14 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We recommend that minors between the ages of 14 and 18 ask and receive permission from a legal guardian before using Neuranet’s Services or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet. 3 - EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 17, 2018. 4 - KEEPING INFORMATION SECURE Your Flexitive account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. As outlined in our Terms of Service, you are responsible for keeping your password secure. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are solely responsible for all activities resulting from the use of your password and conducted through your Neuranet account. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer. Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it with your consent. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices. 5 - INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM WEBSITE VISITORS AND WHEN YOU CONTACT SUPPORT What information do we collect and why? From visitors to any Website Neuranet owns, including but not limited to Flexitive.com and Neuranet.com, we collect information about the device and browser you use, your network connection and your IP address to prevent fraud. When contacting Flexitive, we may collect your phone number, call audio, your name, email address, information about the device and browser you use and your IP address. The information that is collected depends on the method of support you choose, for example telephone, or email. We use this information to improve our Services, service your account and answer your questions. Information from cookies We use cookies to personalize your experience and deliver our Services to you efficiently. Our third-party platforms (such as Google Analytics) often use cookies to identify your prior visits to our website and elsewhere on the Internet in order to provide you customized information. The purpose of a cookie is to identify you electronically, store your preferences for viewing our webpages, allow "remarketing" relevant to your interests based on your visits to our site, and show you relevant ads on our website and across the Internet.By providing your consent to our Terms of Service, cookies are stored on your device to assist us in providing and improving our Services. For example, we use cookies to keep you logged into your account and we use data collection devices such as Google Analytics to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness and to provide you with information relevant to your interests. On other occasions, we will use the information for legal reasons including; responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation. To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as Neuranet. When you visit a website Neuranet owns, you may choose to reject non-essential cookies, which will prevent cookies from being stored in your browser except for those that are essential for the website to function. Removing a cookie from your browsers can be done in the ‘Privacy and Security’ settings for your browser. When do we collect this information? We collect this information when you visit Flexitive.com, Neuranet.com, or any other site owned by Neuranet. We will also collect any information that you provide when you communicate with us by email, web form, instant message, phone, post content on our website (including forums & blogs). 6 - INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN CREATING A FLEXITIVE ACCOUNT What information do we collect? The information we collect includes, but is not limited to your email address, phone number(s), company name, name, billing address, IP address and credit card details (if applicable).We need this information to provide you with our Services, for example, to invoice you and to answer your support inquiries.We collect data about how you use our Services, and how and when you access your account, including your IP address as well as information about the browser you use, the device you’re accessing our Services on. We require this information to give you access to our services, improve Flexitive experiences, billing and to provide you with support. What do we do with your Personal Information when you terminate your relationship with us? While you are a customer we will retain your data. Our retention policy comes into effect when you terminate your account. To comply with the law, and for other legitimate business purposes, Neuranet will continue to store archived copies of your Personal Information indefinitely unless at the customer’s request. At the point where the customer requests this information be deleted, Neuranet will complete the deletion of this data within 180 days of the request. When do we collect this information? We collect this information when you agree to our Terms of Service during the account creation process. We will also collect information when you subscribe to a paid Flexitive account, such as billing information. We will also collect any information that you provide when you communicate with us by email, web form, instant message, phone, post content on our website (including forums & blogs). 7 - INFORMATION COLLECTED WHEN SERVING A DESIGN FROM FLEXITIVE’S CDN What information do we collect and why? When exporting a design from Flexitive, you may choose to export either as a ZIP file package, or in a format serving from Flexitive's CDN. If a design is displayed using a ZIP file package exported from Flexitive, no information is collected by Flexitive. When a design is served from Flexitive’s CDN, the following information is collected: URL the design was served fromDate and Time the design was servedIP Address the design was served to This collected information is used to bill Flexitive clients for impressions. When do we collect this information? We collect this information when you view a design served from the Flexitive CDN. 8 - MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION When and why do we share Personal Information with third parties? Neuranet works with third parties to provide our Services to you and we may share Personal Information with said third parties in order to provide our Services to you. In some, limited circumstances, we may also be required by law to share information with third parties. We may share your Personal Information with third parties to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service or any other agreement related to our Services, illegal activities, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law. If Neuranet is acquired, we may share your Personal information with the acquiring company, whether the acquisition occurs through a reorganization, bankruptcy, dissolution, merger or acquisition.If Neuranet is acquired, we will post a notice on Flexitive.com and Neuranet.com. When transferring Personal Information to a third party to support us in providing our Services or for payment processing, we remain responsible for the Personal Information. Any Personal Information transferred to a third party for data processing is subject, by law, to a comparable level of protection as that provided by Neuranet. A "comparable level of protection" means a level of protection generally equivalent to that provided by Neuranet. What we don’t do with your Personal Information We do not and will never disclose, rent, share, sell, auction or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies that intend to use that information to market their own products or services. Personal Information we collect from you or your customers will not be used to contact or market to your customers or directly compete with you. However, we may contact or market to your customers if we obtain their information from another legitimate source, such as from the customers themselves. How do we keep your Personal Information secure? To safeguard your sensitive information, such as financial information, employee details, intellectual property, and any other Personal Information entrusted to us, we follow industry standards on information security management. Our information security systems apply to people, processes and information technology systems on a risk management basis. Chargebee, the payment processing platform we use, has been audited by a PCI-certified auditor, and is certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1. This is the most stringent level of certification available to payment processors. No method of data transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and as such, we cannot make any absolute guarantees about the security of your Personal Information. 9 - ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION You retain all rights to your Personal Information and if you want to access it anytime or if you have any questions about your Personal Information or this policy, please contact: support@flexitive.com Copyright © 2023