Privacy Center State Privacy Rights State Privacy Rights Intellectual Property Cookies and Similar Technologies Yahoo may use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. mobile device identifiers) when you use our brands , websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (“Services”) or visit a website, app, or service that utilizes our Services. A cookie is a small piece of information that is stored on a computer or device and may contain a device identifier for the purpose of recognizing your browser as you interact with websites. Device identifiers may be randomly generated or assembled from available system elements such as IP address , browser version, OS type and version, device type and settings, mobile device and advertising identifiers (such as Apple’s ID for Advertising, Apple's ID for Vendors, Google’s Android ID, or Google's Play Store Ad ID), wireless mobile subscriber ISDN numbers, Verizon Wireless UIDH, public switched telephone network information, mobile network information or software data. Cookies, device identifiers, and similar technologies may be used to support Yahoo Services, such as applying user preferences, providing more customized experiences, such as personalized content and advertising, and to associate users, devices, and accounts with each other or with those in a similar location, such as in a household. Cookies and similar technologies addressed on this page may be considered technical identifiers. Please refer to our Technical Identifiers page for additional information on Yahoo’s collection, use, and linking of technical identifiers. Yahoo's Practices Regarding Cookies and Similar Technologies Yahoo may use cookies and similar technologies in combination with other information we maintain for a number of purposes, including to: Access your information when you "sign in" so we can provide you with customized content and experiences, or remember the last page you visited in an Yahoo Service. Information that Yahoo collects related to your activities and interests is maintained by Yahoo and is associated with Yahoo cookies and similar technologies. You can learn more about Yahoo's data retention and storage practices here. Maintain your settings and authenticate your identity while you are logged in using Yahoo Services. When you log in to your account for Yahoo products or Services (“Yahoo Account”), a cookie and/or device identifier that links to information about your interests is placed or read on the computer or device you are using. This allows Yahoo to associate your interests, activities, preferences, and prior Yahoo use if you log in to your Yahoo Account on or otherwise use multiple devices. This means that your browsing habits or other activity on your work computer, library computer, or other device, can inform your experience on Yahoo when using your home computer or other devices. Deliver advertisements and content relevant to your interests. Yahoo collects and maintains information about your interests based on your use of the Yahoo Services, others’ sites, apps, and services within the Yahoo Network, as well as other non-Yahoo sites, apps, and services that we partner with. Yahoo may combine this information with other information that we collect or receive about you. Provide analytics and reporting. Yahoo Analytics , Advertising Insights, and Flurry are systems used by Yahoo to collect information about visitors to Yahoo's and our customers' sites, apps, products, brands and services to understand how people use those services and respond to the ads we serve. Maintain information in both identifiable and de-identified forms. Yahoo associates your observed interests and activities with your Yahoo Account, and may combine this information with other information we have collected about you. Conduct research and measure effectiveness to improve Yahoo's Services (including by determining which Yahoo emails you open and act upon). To support security measures, such as requiring re-logging into an Yahoo product or service after a certain amount of time has elapsed.To assist in identifying possible fraudulent or abusive activities. ​ Other Companies' Cookies on Yahoo In addition to Yahoo using cookies and similar technologies on our Services, we allow certain Third Parties to set or access their cookies and similar technologies on your device. These companies’ use of cookies and similar technologies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the Yahoo Privacy Policy. Your Choices Learn more about your choices . ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.Yahoo B2B Privacy Policy Yahoo B2B Privacy Policy Expand all Yahoo offers business-to-business advertising, analytics, content, and measurement services through products like Flurry and Yahoo Native Marketplace (the “ Yahoo B2B Services ”). The Yahoo Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use, storage, sharing and retention of your personal data associated with your B2B account with us (“ Enterprise Account ”). This Yahoo B2B Privacy Policy (“ B2B Privacy Policy ”) provides further details into our practices relating to the processing of data associated with your Enterprise Account when you use our Yahoo B2B Services. In the event of a conflict between this B2B Privacy Policy and the Yahoo Privacy Policy , this B2B Privacy Policy prevails. If you have separate contractual agreements with us concerning our collection, use, or disclosure of your Enterprise Account data, those agreements control and supersede anything stated in this B2B Privacy Policy. What type of data does Yahoo collect and how do we use it? Business information includes your full name and business name, email address, telephone number, address, and other work-related information you provide to us for your Enterprise Account. We use this information to send you emails or other communications, consistent with providing our services (such as service and product feature updates and notices), and the permissions you give us.When you use your Enterprise Account, we collect information including: advertising campaigns you place or manage publisher inventory you make available to Yahoo for analytics or monetization purposesapps you manage via the Yahoo B2B Services including information regarding audiences, clicks, impressions, conversions, campaign metrics such as click-through rate, analytics, and payments. We do so in order to provide the Yahoo B2B Services to you, improve our services, and develop new services or service features.We use cookies and other technologies for a number of purposes, including: to analyse your use of the Enterprise Accountfor authentication of your Enterprise Accountas described in the Yahoo Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy . You can manage your cookie and/or device settings, but if you do so, some Yahoo B2B Service functionality may be affected. How do you manage your data subject rights? Our Yahoo B2B Services give you various controls to manage certain aspects of your Enterprise Account. However, the platform that we provide to our consumers to manage and control their use of personal data does not work for Enterprise Accounts. If you would like to exercise certain data subject rights regarding your Enterprise Accounts, such as account erasure, please complete our Privacy Form . If you are a European Economic Area resident and you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so via email at dpo-contact@yahooinc.com . ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy Last updated: July 2023 About Yahoo Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other brands . We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today. Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services). Our Privacy Pledge Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global brands (“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo brands , websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in Details for Specific Products and Services . Your Controls We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at Privacy Controls . Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. ( See, Details for Specific Products and Services ) Information Collection and Use - General Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services. We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below: Information You Provide to Us. We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as: When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you. When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments). Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services. When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins. When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information. Device Information. We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as IP address , cookie information , mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use. Location Information. We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our Locations page and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices. Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.We collect information when you access content, advertising , sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as web beacons , development tools, cookies and other technologies , etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners. This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions. Information from Others. We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as: When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter). From publicly-available sources. From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings. When we obtain information from third-parties or other companies , such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us. How We Use This Information We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes: Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services. Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts photos, attachments, and other communications ). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using Privacy Controls . Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you. Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites. Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information. Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which you can also control . Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID. Carry out or support promotions . Conduct research and support innovation. Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information. Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your location settings . Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies , such as your activities on other sites and apps. Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity. We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your account information , manage your marketing preferences , or opt out of targeted ads .If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you. If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services. How We Share This Information Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with third-party apps and widgets ). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies: With Your Consent. We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent. Within Yahoo. Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies. With Partners. We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are: Trusted Partners. We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures. Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information). We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies . For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners. When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies. We allow other companies that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. For Legal and Other Purposes. We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the Terms ; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law. This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these requests . New Ownership. If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner. Details for Specific Products and Services Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included here . Information Security and Data Retention Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store. Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations.In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the Yahoo Privacy Dashboard , such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the Yahoo Privacy Dashboard . Protecting Children’s Privacy Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo. Our Legal Bases for Processing Information. We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our Legal bases page for more information. Data Processing and Transfers When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK and transfers that information from the EU/EEA/UK through various compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the European Commission’sA Standard Contractual Clauses. By using our Services, you consent to us transferring information about you to these countries. For more information, please visit our Data Transfer page. The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country. Other Important Information This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Changes We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically.If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect. Questions & Suggestions If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at: Yahoo Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 770 Broadway, New York NY 10003, USA If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie , or by post at: MHC GDPR Representative Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited South Bank House Barrow Street Dublin 4 Ireland Recent Versions May 2018 - update to privacy notice; October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change; October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention. ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.Open Source APIs AdvertisingBlogs Events Podcasts Apps Input to search Flurry Flurry Analytics Terms of Service Acceptance of Terms Flurry, Inc. ("Flurry"), a subsidiary of Verizon Media, welcomes you. By clicking the "Create Account" box in our account sign-up, or registering for Flurry's Analytics Service (as defined below), you agree that you have read, understand, and accept the terms and conditions described below (the "Terms of Service") and you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and all terms, policies and guidelines incorporated in the Terms of Service by reference, including, but not limited to, Flurry’s Privacy Policy located at https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html (“Privacy Policy”) (or such other URL that Flurry may provide from time to time) (collectively, the "Agreement"). If you do not agree to this Agreement, you should not use the Services (as defined below) in any way. The Services are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of this Agreement, including without limitation Flurry's right to use all data including precise location data as defined by your location data usage choices, that is (unless your settings indicate otherwise) collected and analyzed by the Services. The User Acquisition Analytics Service (as defined below), the Flurry Push Service (as defined below), and the Device Data Ingestion Service (as defined below) may be used in conjunction with the Analytics Service, and to the extent you use these services in conjunction with the Analytics Service (each a “Service” and together, the “Services”), you shall also comply with the terms and conditions applicable to the User Acquisition Analytics Service, the Flurry Push Service, and/or the Device Data Ingestion Service, and described herein. The Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old and to companies that are appropriately licensed and otherwise legally permitted to conduct business. You represent and warrant that: if you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old; orif you are a company, you are appropriately licensed and legally permitted to conduct business. Modification of Agreement Flurry reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement at any time, in its sole discretion, by posting changes at https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy/tos.html (or such other URL that Flurry may provide from time to time). Your continued use of any part of the Services following the posting of such changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Description and Use of the Services Analytics Service The "Analytics Service" means, collectively, the "Software", the "Analytics Reports" and the "Documentation", all as defined below in this Agreement. Under this Agreement, Flurry may allow you to access the Analytics Service by using Flurry's analytics site code (the “Agent”) and any fixes, updates and upgrades provided to you, provided that you have an active Flurry account. In addition, Flurry may provide you with online access to a variety of analytics reports (the "Analytics Reports") generated by Flurry's processing code and any fixes, updates and upgrades. The Agent and Flurry's processing code are defined collectively herein as "Software". The processing code analyzes the data collected by the Agent. This data concerns the characteristics and activities of end users of your applications. User Acquisition Analytics Service The "User Acquisition Analytics Service" means the service and Platform that allow you to track clicks and installs of your applications, and that attributes installs and other conversions from traffic acquisition sources such as third-party ad networks, email campaigns, mobile web campaigns or other traffic sources, some of which can support third-party URLs, and any UAA Reports or Documentation (each as defined herein). You must use the Analytics Service in conjunction with the User Acquisition Analytics Service. In order to use the User Acquisition Analytics Service, you must: integrate the Software into your application; and integrate a tracking URL provided by Flurry into your media campaigns, in some cases (collectively with the Software, the “Platform”), or instruct your advertising partners (“Ad Partners”) to initiate callbacks to Flurry in lieu of a tracking URL. Flurry Push Service The “Flurry Push Service” means the service that allows you to push notifications to your end users who have agreed to receive such notifications on their iOS or Android devices. You must use the Analytics Service in conjunction with the Flurry Push Service. You agree to use the Flurry Push Service only as provided herein or as further instructed by Flurry.You represent and warrant that you will receive each end user’s consent prior to delivering notifications to such end user via the Flurry Push Service. Flurry does not have any obligation to review your notifications but reserves the right to review your notifications and to delete or prevent the delivery of notifications that do not comply with Flurry’s content policies found here .Flurry uses commercially reasonable efforts to deliver notifications as directed by you but has no liability for any notifications that are not delivered or are delivered incorrectly. Flurry reserves its right to restrict or suspend your access to the Flurry Push Service: if you misuse the service; or to protect the integrity and/or functioning of the Flurry Push Service. You will not use the Flurry Push Service for the purposes of: sending unsolicited messages to end-users or for phishing or spamming, including, but not limited to, engaging in any types of activities that violate anti-spamming laws and regulations, or that are otherwise improper, inappropriate or illegal; or advertising, product promotion, or direct marketing of any kind. In addition, You will not reverse engineer or attempt to reverse engineer data provided by Flurry (including, but not limited to, targeting criteria) in connection with your use of the Flurry Push Service. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Flurry for all notifications you send through the Flurry Push Service.You may only use the Software provided by Flurry to access the Flurry Push Service. Flurry may provide you with access to reports regarding the results of notifications you pushed (the “Flurry Push Services Report”). Flurry shall determine what metrics are available to you in the Flurry Push Service Report. Device Data Ingestion Service The "Device Data Ingestion Service" means the service that allows you to send install attributions and related information for your applications from your third-party attribution provider(s) (“Attribution Partners”) to your Flurry account at your request. You must use the Analytics Service in conjunction with the Device Data Ingestion Service. In order to use the Device Data Ingestion Service, you must (i) integrate the Software into your application and instruct your Attribution Partners to initiate callbacks to Flurry. Fees and Payment Each Service is provided to you free of charge. Flurry may change its fees and payment policies for any Service from time to time. The changes will be posted at http://www.flurry.com (or such other URL that Flurry may provide from time to time). Incidental Costs Associated with Use of the Services You agree that you are solely liable for all costs, fees, and other expenses resulting from your use of the Services. This specifically includes, but is not limited to, incidental costs incurred by you in connection with your use of the Services, including, but not limited to, costs owed to your cell phone carrier or mobile provider, fees owed to your Ad Partners, monthly cell phone coverage fees, data plan costs, and any other additional fees incurred from your cell phone carrier or mobile provider. Registration To register for the Analytics Service, you must complete the registration process at http://www.flurry.com (or such other URL that Flurry may provide from time to time) by providing Flurry with current, complete and accurate information. Upon registration for the Analytics Services, you will be required to provide Flurry with your password and username. You understand that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and that you are solely and fully responsible for all activities that occur under your username and password. Flurry is not responsible for any loss, claim or other liability that may arise from the unauthorized use of any password. You agree to immediately notify Flurry of any unauthorized use of your password or username or any other breach of security. If a password is lost or stolen, it is the user's responsibility to change the password, and immediately notify Flurry, so that your account remains both secure and functional.To use the User Acquisition Analytics Service, the Flurry Push Service, or the Device Data Ingestion Service, you must register for the Analytics Service and then follow the instructions provided to you in your Flurry account portal.You agree to comply with the terms and conditions, policies, and/or guidelines (as they may be updated or superseded) of the platform(s) where you distribute your applications (e.g., Google Play Developer Program Policies, iOS Developer Program License and Agreement). Reports and Results Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may remotely access, view and download the Analytics Reports,User Acquisition Analytics Reports (“UAA Reports”), Flurry Push Service Reports (“Push Service Reports”) collectively, the “Reports"), which will be stored at http://www.flurry.com (or such other URL that Flurry may provide). Flurry shall own and retains all right, title and interest in and to Reports and all other results, data and/or information provided to you through the Services (collectively, “Results”). You may use the Reports only in connection with your use of the Services pursuant to this Agreement and not for any other purpose. Representations and Warranties You represent and warrant to Flurry that: you are the owner of each application you designate in connection with the use of the Services or that you are legally authorized to act on behalf of the owner of such application for the purposes of this Agreement; you have all necessary right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of you hereunder and to permit Flurry to perform the Services contemplated under this Agreement; your use of the Services, the delivery and performance by you of the terms and conditions under this Agreement, and Flurry’s use of the data (including location data as defined by your imprecise and precise location data usage choices) received from you, your Ad Partners, or your Attribution Partners, does not and will not conflict with or violate any agreement or other instrument with a third party applicable to you or otherwise infringe upon the rights of any third party; you will comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including, without limitation, any relevant data protection or privacy laws); you will comply with and have any and all consents, authorizations and clearances from end users of your applications and, if applicable, your Ad Partners or your Attribution Partners, to allow Flurry to collect, store, and use User Data (as defined herein) from your end users and, as applicable, your Ad Partners or Attribution Partners; and (vi) you will at all times comply with all applicable Flurry policies. Limited License You are hereby granted a nonexclusive, limited, non-transferable, revocable and non-sublicensable license to install, use, copy, and distribute the Agent solely as necessary to use the Services and Platform pursuant to this Agreement for applications you own and control. Your use of the Software, Platform and accompanying documentation ("Documentation") is subject to this Agreement and does not include: any resale, lease, rental, assignment or other transfer of rights of the Software, Platform or Documentation; the distribution, public performance or public display of the Software, Platform or Documentation (except as expressly set forth above with respect to the Agent); modification, revision, creation of derivative works from or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Software, Platform or Documentation or any information or content therein; decompilation, reverse engineering, or otherwise attempting to derive the source code for the Software (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit restriction of such activities); or any use of the Software, Platform or Documentation other than for its intended purpose. Flurry hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted herein. Any use of the Software, Platform or Documentation other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Flurry, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including, without limitation, copyright and trademark and other intellectual property laws.You hereby grant to Flurry the limited right to use your company name, trademarks, service marks and/or logos to identify you as a customer of Flurry in its press releases, marketing publications, and websites. Information Collection & Usage As a condition of your access to the Services, you agree that Flurry has the right, for any purpose, to collect, retain, use, and publish in an aggregate manner, subject to the terms of its Privacy Policy located at https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html (or such other URL that Flurry may provide), information collected in your use of the Services, including without limitation, with respect to the Analytics Service, precise location data as defined by your settings, characteristics and activities of end users of your applications, and, with respect to the User Acquisition Analytics Service and the Device Data Ingestion Service, the characteristics and activities of your applications, customers, campaigns, and marketing efforts (collectively, the “User Data”). Unless you are a publisher using Flurry for Publishers, Flurry will not disclose to any third parties any User Data collected by the Services from your applications that is specifically attributable to you, your applications or your customers, unless required by law; provided that Flurry may disclose to your Ad Partners certain User Data necessary for your use of the User Acquisition Analytics Service. If you are using Flurry for Publishers, please review the terms of service for Flurry for Publishers for disclosure of User Data to advertisers. You will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the Services to track or collect personally identifiable information of end users, nor will you (or will you allow any third party to) associate any data gathered from your application(s) with any personally identifying information from any source as part of your use (or such third parties' use) of the Services. You agree that Flurry may use any User Data it receives from your Ad Partners in connection with the User Acquisition Analytics Service. Your agreements with your Ad Partners does not prohibit you from: inserting the User Acquisition Analytics tracking URL in your advertisements or other marketing campaigns; and permitting Flurry to use the User Data it receives from your Ad Partners. You agree that Flurry may use any User Data it receives from your Attribution Partners in connection with the Device Data Ingestion Service. Your agreements with your Attribution Partners does not prohibit you from: sending install attributions and related information for your applications to your Flurry account; andpermitting Flurry to use the User Data it receives from your Attribution Partners. Use limitations include those specified in the Network Advertising Initiative’s 2020 Code of Conduct, Section II D. Privacy & Location Data Privacy Policy. You agree that you have and will abide by a privacy policy that complies with all applicable laws and industry standards and that you will comply with all applicable laws relating to the collection of information from end users of your applications. You must clearly and conspicuously post a privacy policy within your application, in any store, and on any website where the application may be acquired (when and where it is technically possible). That policy must: provide notice of your use of a tracking pixel, agent or any other visitor identification technology that collects, uses, shares and stores data, including precise location data, about end users of your applications with Flurry (whether by you, Flurry, your Ad Partners or Attribution Partners); and contain a link to Flurry’s Privacy Policy and a statement that describes how visitors may learn more about the choices offered in connection with Flurry’s use of User Data (as applicable), including advising users who wish to opt-out that they may opt-out on a device by device basis by enabling “Limit Ad Tracking” on their device and posting an active link to: Flurry’s Privacy Dashboard at https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/dashboard/index.html; and one of the following URLs: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp;https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices;http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (or the appropriate link for the country available on https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/xw/en/verizonmedia/privacy/optout/ -- if you use the Services outside the United States) You agree to obtain any and all end-user consents required by applicable law before you use the Services.You agree to comply with all applicable laws, policies, and regulations relating to the collection, usage and sharing of information from users. Precise Location Data. By sharing through your location data usage choices precise location data (i.e., information that identifies or is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the physical location of an end user or device, such as Global Positioning System (GPS) level latitude/longitude coordinates) with Flurry to use for its own purposes, you understand and agree that Flurry, Verizon Media and its Verizon Media affiliates (collectively “Verizon Media”) may use such data for personalized advertising purposes, specifically ‘Tailored Advertising’, ‘Ad Delivery and Reporting’, attribution and analytics (together “Personalized Advertising”) and for other purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You represent and warrant that you shall: (a) prominently post notice to your users prior to obtaining their consent that their precise location data may be shared with third parties, including Verizon Media, and include details of the purposes for which such data may be used, including Personalized Advertising; and (b) obtain express consent (i.e., opt-in) from end users via an interstitial or “just in time” consent notice for Verizon Media to use precise location data for Personalized Advertising. “Ad Delivery and Reporting” and “Tailored Advertising” are as defined by the Code of Conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). This precise location data provision does not apply to data collected from users based in the European Economic Area (see below section on GDPR). Children's Data You agree that you will not use any Service in connection with any application labeled or described as a "Kids" or "Children" application, and will not use any Service (i) in connection with any application, advertisement or service directed towards children under the age of 17; (ii) to collect any personal information from children; or (iii) request or permit any Ad Partner or Attribution Partner to transmit any personal information from children under the age of 17 to Flurry (see Network Advertising Initiative 2020 Code of Conduct, Section D.II.1). European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR") Notwithstanding the foregoing, Personal Data (as defined under GDPR) collected and provided by you from data subjects within the European Economic Area and the processing thereof under the Agreement is governed by the terms and conditions of the Data Processing Agreement (hereinafter, the “DPA”), including all Annexes, Schedules, and Exhibits thereto between Flurry’s affiliate Verizon Media (EMEA) Ltd. and you, located at this location which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. All references to “Company” in the DPA are to be construed to mean you. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the DPA and this Agreement, the relevant terms of the DPA take precedence. You acknowledge and agree that with respect to Personal Data and the processing thereof under the Agreement Verizon Media is considered the Processor and you are to be considered the Controller (as such terms are defined under the GDPR and DPA). As the Data Controller, you will determine the personal data that Flurry will process on your behalf. Confidential Information "Confidential Information" includes any proprietary data and any other information disclosed by one party to the other in writing and marked "confidential" or disclosed orally and, within ten business days, indicated in writing as "confidential". Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include any information that is or becomes publicly known, which is already in the receiving party's possession prior to disclosure by a party or which is independently developed or collected by the receiving party without the use of Confidential Information. Neither party will use or disclose the other party's Confidential Information without prior written consent except for the purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement or if required by law, regulation or court order.Upon termination of this Agreement, the parties will promptly either return or destroy all Confidential Information, and upon request, provide written certification of such actions. Indemnity You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Flurry, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective employees, officers and directors, or users from and against any and all claims, liabilities, penalties, settlements, judgments, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from: any information that you or anyone using your account may submit or access in the course of using the Services; your breach of any representation or warranty in, or violation of the terms of this Agreement or any agreement or other instrument with a third party applicable to you; any violation or failure by you or, if you use the User Acquisition Analytics Service or the Device Data Ingestion Service, your Ad Partners or Attribution Partners, to comply with all laws and regulations in connection with your use of the Services, whether or not described herein; any disputes between you and your customers, Ad Partners, Attribution Partners, advertisers, third-party ad networks, or publishers; and if you use the User Acquisition Analytics Service or Device Data Ingestion Service, Flurry’s receipt of any data from your Ad Partners or Attribution Partners. Third Parties If you use the Services on behalf of any third party, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to this Agreement, that third party. You shall ensure that each third party is bound by and abides by the terms of this Agreement. You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Flurry and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, at your expense, against any and all third-party claims, actions, proceedings, and suits and all related liabilities, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and other litigation expenses) incurred by Flurry, arising out of or relating to (i) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services; (ii) any claims made by or on behalf of any third party pertaining directly or indirectly to your use of the Services; (iii) violations of your obligations of privacy to any third party; and (iv) any claims with respect to acts or omissions of third parties in connection with the Services. The User Acquisition Analytics Service and Platform may include hyperlinks to third-party websites or resources. Flurry has no control over any third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Flurry (i) is not responsible for the availability of or access to any such third-party websites or resources; (ii) does not endorse you, your products or services, or any advertising, products or other materials available on or from such third-party websites or resources; and (iii) is not liable for any loss or damage which you may have incurred as a result of the availability of any third-party website or resources, or lack thereof, or your reliance on the accuracy or completeness of any advertising, products or other resources from such third-parties. End-users of your products and services, or on whose computer platform you install the Platform, or with whom you perform any other transactions involving the Platform are solely your customers and not customers of Flurry. You are solely responsible for and Flurry has no obligation to monitor or edit, any ads and related URLs, content and subject matter, editorial, text, graphic, audiovisual, and any other information you make available in connection with the User Acquisition Analytics Service. You are solely responsible for all matters related to your Ad Partners, Attribution Partners, advertisers, third-party ad networks, publishers, and your customers, including without limitation, handling all support services, billing and payment, and any other transactions, inquiries and disputes of any type or nature. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability The information and services included in or available through the Services, including the Reports, may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Flurry may make improvements and/or changes in the Services at any time, with or without notice. You specifically agree that Flurry isl not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of the User Data or data from your applications. FLURRY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY REGARDING THE SERVICES TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.FURTHER, FLURRY DOES NOT MAKE, AND HAS NOT MADE, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, ERROR-FREE, OR VIRUS-FREE OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF AN IMPLIED WARRANTY, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL FLURRY, ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “FLURRY PARTIES”), BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY UNDER ANY THEORY FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST INCOME, REVENUE OR PROFITS, LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, OR OTHER COMMERCIAL OR ECONOMIC LOSS, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES, EVEN IF FLURRY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE. THE FLURRY PARTIES’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, THE FLURRY PARTIES’ LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. Other Restrictions You must not, directly or indirectly, take or authorize or encourage any third party to take any fraudulent action in the use of the Services, including without limitation, click fraud or fraudulent downloads, nor may you engage in any activity that interferes with, disrupts or interacts in an unauthorized manner with the Services or Platform (or servers and networks which are connected to the Platform), including but not limited to use of robots, scrapers or other automated query tools and/or computer generated search requests. All use of the Service in your application, as well as the application itself and the uses made of your application by end users must comply with the Flurry Acceptable Use Policy located here: https://www.flurry.com/flurry-analytics-acceptable-use-policy/ Flurry may terminate your account at any time for any reason, including without limitation for fraudulent or unauthorized activity, in its sole discretion. International Use; Export Controls Software available in connection with the Services and the transmission of applicable data, if any, is subject to United States export control laws. No Software may be downloaded from the Services or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of the export control laws of the United States. Modifications to and Termination of the Services Flurry reserves the right to discontinue offering the Services or to modify the Services at any time at its sole discretion. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of the Services at any time, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease using it. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, Flurry may also, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to the Services at any time. Upon any termination of this Agreement, Flurry will cease providing the Services, and you will delete all copies of Flurry's analytics site code from your applications and certify thereto in writing to Flurry within five (5) business days of such termination. Waiver and Severability If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. Flurry's acquiescence in the breach of a provision of this Agreement or failure to act upon such breach does not waive Flurry's right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. Likewise, the delay or failure of Flurry to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Choice of Law and Forum This Agreement and the relationship between you and Flurry shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles. Subject to the arbitration provisions below, you and Flurry hereby agree to submit exclusively, to the personal jurisdiction of the Federal and state courts situated in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York. Binding Arbitration Certain portions of this Section are deemed to be a “written agreement to arbitrate” pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act. You and Flurry agree that we intend that this Section satisfies the “writing” requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act.You or Flurry may elect to have any controversy, allegation or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Services or the User Data, including but not limited to claims for indemnification, contribution, or cross-claims in a pending action involving one or more third parties (collectively, a “Dispute”) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration before a sole arbitrator under the rules and regulations of the American Arbitration Association. If an in-person arbitration hearing is required, then it will be conducted in Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York; but if the applicable arbitration rules or laws require the arbitration to be conducted in the “metropolitan statistical area” (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau) where you are a resident at the time the Dispute is submitted to arbitration, Flurry must have the right to elect to proceed to arbitration in such location. All parties to the arbitration will have the right, at their own expense, to be represented by an attorney or other advocate of their choosing. You and Flurry will pay the administrative and arbitrator’s fees and other costs in accordance with the applicable arbitration rules; but if applicable arbitration rules or laws require Flurry to pay a greater portion or all of such fees and costs in order for this Section to be enforceable, then Flurry will have the right to elect to pay the fees and costs and proceed to arbitration. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT (I) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY OTHER; (II) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS ACTION PROCEDURES; AND (III) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF THE GENERAL PUBLIC OR ANY OTHER PERSONS. YOU AGREE TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND UNDERSTAND THAT, ABSENT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IF YOU OR FLURRY WANTS TO ASSERT A DISPUTE AGAINST THE OTHER, THEN YOU OR FLURRY MUST COMMENCE IT WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE DISPUTE ARISES – OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED. In the event either you or Flurry elects arbitration, for any Dispute where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000 USD, the party requesting relief may further elect to resolve the dispute in a cost effective manner through binding non-appearance-based arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution ("ADR") provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: (i) the arbitration must be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, and the specific manner must be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; (ii) the arbitration must not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and (iii) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator is final and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Entire Agreement This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Flurry and governs your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and Flurry with respect to the Services. Survival The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement that by their sense and context are intended to survive the performance hereof by the parties hereunder, including but not limited to the provisions relating to Indemnity, Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability, survives the completion of the performance, cancellation or termination of this Agreement. Support Brands © 2023 Yahoo. All rights reserved.