Your Privacy Choices Fox News Privacy Overview Fox News wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. For more information about our privacy practices, please see our privacy policy, at https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy . California residents who are in a business-to-business (B2B) relationship with us (e.g., who work for a business that does or may provide or receive products or services from Fox) may view our B2B privacy notice at https://www.foxnews.com/b2bprivacy-policy . California residents who have (or had) a working relationship with us, including applicants, may view our workforce-related California privacy notice at https://www.fox.com/workforce-privacy-notice/ . ExitPrivacy Policy Last Updated/Effective Date: June 30, 2023 Table of Contents: Scope and Application What and who this Policy covers Collection of Information The sources of and methods by which we, our service providers, and our advertisers collect information from and about you, including information about your interaction with the Fox News Services Use and Disclosure How we use the information we collect from and about you, and who we might share it with and why Security How we protect your information from loss or misuse User Access and Control How you can access and control the information we maintain about you Other Important Information Other things you should know about this Policy and how we handle your information Contact Us How to contact Fox News about this Policy California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Other things you should know if you reside in California For Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and Other U.S. States With Similar Privacy Laws Other things you should know if you are a consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with similar privacy laws 1) Scope and Application Fox News Network, LLC ("Fox News," "our" or "we") wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications ("apps"), and widgets that link to or are otherwise subject to this privacy policy (collectively, the "Fox News Services"). California residents, please see the California Consumer Privacy Act Notice in Section 8 below. Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws, please see Section 9 below. By using Fox News Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. A list of our affiliated companies ("Fox News Affiliates") is available at www.foxcorporation.com . As set forth in our Terms of Use for Fox Nation at https://nation.foxnews.com/article/terms-of-use-5bb6868d5245a0001905011d/ and our Terms of Use for other Fox News Services at https://www.foxnews.com/terms-of-use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service. This Privacy Policy applies to our collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally our practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage). 2) Collection of Information Depending on your interactions with us, Fox News and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you: Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service, for example, to create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may also include, for example, name, email address, phone number, gender, zip code, user/display name, and birthday. Customer Service and Feedback Information is the information you submit to request customer support or to provide feedback about Fox News Services, such as name, email address, and state. User-Uploaded Content consists of video, audio recordings, photographs, or other material that you upload as part of our news-gathering function and other services. Personal Financial and Commercial Information is the information that you submit to purchase a product, subscribe to a service, or make payments. Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user/display name, comments, predictions, likes (or "kudos"), status, profile information and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines. Activity Information. When you access and interact with the Fox News Services, Fox News and its service providers may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device. Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, local storage, and other mechanisms) use various approaches to collect and store data. Some of these technologies store data in the browser or on your device. Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address). Our websites, apps and other services use these technologies, for example, when you first request a web page and data is then stored on your computer or other device so the website or app can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services, such as pages you have visited, search history, and the video and other content you have viewed. Other parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the Fox News Services or other parties’ services. Those parties may also use these technologies, along with activity information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer. Fox News does not control these technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of parties using such technologies. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, including your choices with respect to them, see the section entitled "To deliver relevant advertisements," below. Your browser may be initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, and to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information, including on how to clear data from local storage and, depending on your browser, how to turn off other data collection by the browser. For more information about Google Analytics, please review the site "How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps," located at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites . To opt out of Google Analytics specifically, please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the Fox News Services. Information from Other Sources. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information about your online and offline activity from social media services, advertising technology companies, advertisers, commercially available sources, and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners. Depending on your interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected information from you for each of the categories above. "Do Not Track" . At this time we do not respond to the ‘Do Not Track’ signal, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how the ‘Do Not Track’ signal should be interpreted. 3) Use and Disclosure We may use and disclose some or all of the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: To provide the Fox News Services . We use information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services. This may include: to measure, maintain, and improve those Fox News Services and features and to develop new products and services, including conducting research and quality and safety assurance measureto improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages;to perform identity verification;to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, other promotions, or rewards programs; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries;to make inferences and predictions about your potential areas of interest in order to provide you with content and advertising that is more interesting, personalized, and relevant to you;to maintain our facilities and infrastructure;to comply with internal policies, including accounting, audit, and other internal functions; andto maintain records, conduct risk and security controls, and monitoring To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services .Information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain service providers, such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, and agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the Fox News Services, and manage and/or provide the Fox News Services, including to purchase a product, subscribe to a service, or make payments. To deliver video content . In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that we collect from or about you with other parties in order to process your requests and fulfill your orders for video content offered through the Fox News Services, including, to provide you with access to localized content and provide video content recommendations. To process User-Uploaded Content for news gathering and other services . User-Uploaded Content, including personal information (e.g. video, audio recordings, photos, etc.), may be used publicly: for news gathering; published on our social media pages on other platforms; posted and displayed on our own community-related services; or published as part of our services. Whether we publish any piece of User-Uploaded Content is at our sole discretion and is subject to our Terms of Use. You should not upload materials that reveal your sensitive personal information or the personal information of others. If you do not wish to disclose metadata to us that may be associated with your User-Uploaded Content, you should either refrain from uploading the content or take steps to remove such metadata. To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with other companies ("Co-Branded Services"). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on Fox News Services or on that other party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with that party. That other party’s use of your information will be governed by its privacy policy. To deliver relevant advertisements . Fox News and our service providers may use information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to deliver and measure relevant, more personalized ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service (on any of your devices). This may include, for example, sharing email address (in hashed form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners/service providers. In some instances, these entities may return an online identification code that we may store in a first party cookie, or other similar technology, for our use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt out of this use, please go to https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out . As noted above, advertising technology companies and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and information about the different devices and/or browsers you use and your activity on such devices and browsers, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. The information may also be used to deliver more relevant advertising to you across marketing channels, including email. To find out more about advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see https://youradchoices.com/ . If you wish to opt out of tailored advertising in desktop and mobile browsers, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/ or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# on each of your devices and browsers. To opt out in mobile apps, you may use your device’s setting to opt out of ads personalization or similar settings or download and use the AppChoices app at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices . To opt out on connected TVs, please use the device setting "opt out of ads personalization," "Interest-based Ads," or equivalent settings on your device. Please note that opting-out does not mean that you will stop seeing all ads. To contact you . Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification and other non-promotional emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app. To share with our Fox News Affiliates . Fox News may share information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.A link to a website that lists Fox News Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy. Users who visit Fox News Affiliates’ services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. To share with business partners . Fox News may share information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices. To protect the rights of Fox News and others . There may be instances when Fox News may use or disclose information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy, including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Fox News, our Fox News Affiliates, or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our Terms of Use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities. To complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction . If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in an acquisition, reorganization, merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), or other corporate transaction, Fox News may transfer or disclose information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. Depending on your interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected, used or disclosed information from or about you in each of the categories above, and to the extent that Fox News has disclosed information from or about you, it may not include all of the information that we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with other parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 4) Security Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures designed to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information. 5) User Access and Control If you would like to access personal information we hold about you, delete or correct your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may visit https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network and submit a request. Please note that, for security reasons, we will ask you to verify your identity in order to proceed with your request. If you would like to suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information, you may contact us as outlined in Section 7. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to suppress or limit. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that, subject to applicable law, in some cases we may not comply with your request where we may require your information in order to comply with applicable law, or to protect, enforce or defend our rights or employee rights, or those of a Fox News Affiliate. If you are a resident of California, please see the section entitled "California Consumer Privacy Act Notice," below, for more information about the rights you have under California law. If you are a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other state with similar privacy laws, please see the section entitled "For Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and Other U.S. States with Similar Privacy Laws," below, for more information about your rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws. If you are an eligible registered user of Fox Nation and under 18, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Fox Nation Services by visiting https://help.fox.com/s/support-form , selecting "Fox Nation" under the "Choose Brand" dropdown and submitting a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic (from the "Topic" dropdown). For all other Fox News Services, if you are under 18 and a registered user, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Fox News Services by writing to fnldepartment@fox.com .Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with Fox News Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes. For Fox Nation, please visit https://help.fox.com/s/support-form and select "Fox Nation" under the "Choose Brand" dropdown and submitting a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic (from the "Topic" dropdown). Please provide your email address and first and last name in the designated spaces and a description of your request in the "Description" field. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. For Fox News, you may opt-out of this sharing by writing to FOX.News.Privacy@fox.com , with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line. Please also provide your full name and, if you like, you may also provide the specific Fox News Service to which your request pertains. For Fox Business, you may opt-out of this sharing by writing to FOX.Business.Privacy@fox.com , with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line. Please also provide your full name and, if you like, you may also provide the specific Fox News Service to which your request pertains. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. 6) Other Important Information Updates to Privacy Policy. Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services. Location of Data. The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States or in any other country in which we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. The United States and other countries’ data protection laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information. Linked Services. The Fox News Services may be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service. In addition, Fox News is not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of other organizations, such as Meta, Instagram, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Fox News Services. Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service. In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ("Payment Service"). If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage. Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of information collected through any Payment Service. If you subscribe to Fox Nation, we and/or Payment Service provider(s) may use payment information to help provide the Fox Nation services. For example, payment information may be used to retrieve account information for a subscriber, to determine whether a subscriber is eligible for promotions, and to detect abuse of the Fox Nation services. In addition, for your convenience, we or our Payment Service provider(s) may enable your payment information to be accessible through Fox Affiliate websites or services in order to process your transaction with any such Fox Affiliate. Data Retention. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.Remember that even after you cancel your account, or if you ask us to delete your personal information, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation or your request for deletion, for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security or recordkeeping policies. It may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints or contractual, financial or legal requirements. Deidentified Information. To the extent we process "deidentified" personal information, as defined under applicable law, we will maintain and use that information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by applicable law. 7) Contact Us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Email: fnldepartment@fox.com Mail: Legal & Business Affairs, Fox News1211 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10036 8) California Consumer Privacy Act Notice This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Section provides information for California residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). California residents who are prospective, current, or former Fox News employees; or contractors, emergency contacts, or beneficiaries may view our workforce-related California privacy notice at https://www.fox.com/workforce-privacy-notice/ .California residents who are business consumers acting as employees, owners, directors, officers or independent contractors of an entity conducting due diligence or providing or receiving a product or service from Fox News ("Business-to-Business Contacts") may view the B2B privacy notice at foxnews.com/b2bprivacy-policy . Under the CCPA, and for purposes of this Section, "Personal Information" generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular California resident and includes the categories listed below. This Section 8 provides details about the categories of Personal Information of California residents that we have collected, disclosed, or "sold" or "shared" during the last 12 months, as well as rights California residents have under California law. Categories of Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, and/or Sold or Shared: The categories of Personal Information that we have collected, disclosed, and/or "sold" or "shared" are below, along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Information was disclosed, and/or sold or "shared." Please note that we disclose some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered "selling" or "sharing" under the CCPA. Also, depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected, disclosed, or sold or "shared" each (or any) of these categories of Personal Information about each individual. Additionally, we do not knowingly "sell" or "share" Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.Category of Personal Information Collected Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is "Sold" or "Shared" Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address, user/display name, online and device identifiers, Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisers;Fox News AffiliatesFor purposes of targeted advertising Personal Information as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as contact and financial information Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisersFor purposes of targeted advertising Characteristics of protected classifications under California law, such as age or gender Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisersFor purposes of targeted advertising Commercial Information, such as transaction information and purchase history Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisersFor purposes of targeted advertising Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications (collectively, "Fox News Digital Properties") Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisers;Fox News AffiliatesFor purposes of targeted advertising Geolocation, such as device location Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Audio, electronic, visual and other similar information, such as call recordings Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Non-public education information (e.g., in connection with news or entertainment productions or sports programs) Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics Service providers,Fox News Affiliates,and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisersFor purposes of targeted advertising Please note that the CCPA definitions of "sale" and "share" do not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business. Sources of Personal Information. We collect Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from social media platforms (e.g., if the individual has connected a social media account to a Fox News Digital Property); joint marketing, co-branding, co-promotional, or advertising partners, including advertising technology companies and advertisers; Fox News Affiliates; and sources of demographic and other information.Depending on the individual’s interactions with us, Fox News may not have collected Personal Information from each (or any) of these categories of sources. Purposes.We may use Personal Information and/or disclose it to third parties for the following purposes: to operate, manage, and maintain our business, including in connection with a sale, acquisition, reorganization, merger, transfer of all or a part of our business, or other corporate transaction (e.g., a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);to provide our products and services;to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including: developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services;personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services; conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;maintaining our facilities and infrastructure;quality and safety assurance measures;conducting risk and security controls and monitoring;detecting and preventing fraud;performing identity verification;performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions;complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;maintaining records; andexercising and defending legal claims. Depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Fox News may not have used Personal Information collected about that resident for each of these purposes, and to the extent that Fox News has disclosed Personal Information about that resident, it may not include all of the Personal Information collected about that resident. Sensitive Personal Information. We do not process "sensitive" Personal Information for purposes other than those specified in the CCPA Regulations section 7027(m) (such as to provide the services and for security purposes). Data Retention. We will retain Personal Information from or about you as reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information was collected or processed as outlined in this Section 8 unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law. California Rights. If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights: (1) Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information: The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you for the applicable time period;The business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, or selling Personal Information about you;The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold that Personal Information; and The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or disclosed that Personal Information. To make a request for your Personal Information, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request, where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. (2) Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you. To make a request for deletion, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request.In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. (3) Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we collected about you. To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name, email address, and the Personal Information you would like to have corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. (4) Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing. As noted above in this section, we share some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements. You can visit our "Your Privacy Choices" Internet Webpage for Fox Business at privacy.foxbusiness.com/main/web/main and for all other Fox News Services at privacy.foxnews.com/main/web/main . You can opt out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information by clicking on the toggle and hitting the "submit" button at the bottom of the screen. If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the Fox Services. For mobile and connected TV apps, you may visit "Your Privacy Choices" in Account/Settings for more information and to exercise your choices. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device. If you have enabled a global privacy control feature on your device, we process that opt-out preference signal in a frictionless manner. (5) Right to be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA. (6) Record Keeping. Please visit www.foxnews.com/recordkeeping/ for metrics regarding the requests we received during the previous calendar year for: Requests to Know, Requests to Delete, and Requests to Opt Out of "Sales." 9) FOR CONSUMERS IN VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, AND OTHER U.S. STATES WITH SIMILAR PRIVACY LAWS Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights regarding your personal information. This section provides information for consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado, or Connecticut, in connection with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), the Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA"), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (the "CDPA"), and other states with similar privacy laws. Under the VCDPA, the CPA, and the CDPA, and for purposes of this Section, "Personal Data" generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with similar privacy laws, and includes the categories listed below. We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests.This may be considered "selling" under Colorado and Connecticut law and "targeted advertising" under Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut law. This Section 9 provides details about the categories of Personal Data of consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws, that we have collected, disclosed, or "sold" or processed for purposes of targeted advertising, as well as rights consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws have under their states’ laws. Categories of Personal Data Collected, Disclosed, or "Sold" or Processed for Targeted Advertising: The categories of Personal Data that we collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising (under the Virginia law) or "sold" (under Colorado and Connecticut laws) are below, along with the purposes for processing, and categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Data was disclosed or "sold" or processed for the purpose of targeted advertising. Please note that we process some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising, which could be considered "selling" under the Colorado and Connecticut laws. Additionally, depending on the consumer’s interactions with us, we may not have collected disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising, or "sold," each (or any) of these categories of Personal Data for each listed purpose. Additionally, we do not knowingly sell or process Personal Data of children under 13 years of age.Category of Personal Data Collected/Processed Purposes for Processing Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data Is Disclosed Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is Sold or Processed for Targeted Advertising Identifiers , such as name, IP address, email address, and online and device identifiers To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To deliver video content,To provide co-branded services and features,To deliver relevant advertisements,To contact you,To share with our Fox News Affiliates,To share with business partners (consistent with your choices)To process user-uploaded content for news gathering and other services Service providers (e.g., hosting providers, content delivery networks, email marketing platforms),Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies, Advertisers,Fox News AffiliatesVirginia: Processed for targeted advertisingColorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising Personal information , such as contact and financial information To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To provide co-branded services and features,To contact you,To share with our Fox News Affiliates,To share with business partners (consistent with your choices) Service providers (e.g., that help with order fulfillment, contests or sweepstakes providers),Fox News Affiliates, andOther partners or providers that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies, Advertisers,Virginia: Processed for targeted advertisingColorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising Characteristics of protected classifications , such as age or gender To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To deliver relevant advertisements,To share with our Fox News Affiliates Service providers (e.g., contest or sweepstakes providers),Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies, Advertisers,Virginia: Processed for targeted advertisingColorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising Commercial Information , such as transaction information and purchase history To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To deliver relevant advertisements,To share with our Fox News AffiliatesTo share with business partners (consistent with your choices) Service providers (e.g., in connection with order fulfillment and payment services),Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies, Advertisers,Virginia: Processed for targeted advertisingColorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising Internet or network activity information , such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications (collectively, "Fox News Digital Properties") To provide the Fox News Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To deliver relevant advertisements,To share with our Fox News Affiliates Service providers,Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies, Advertisers,Fox News AffiliatesVirginia: Processed for targeted advertisingColorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising Geolocation data , such as device location To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To share with our Fox News Affiliates Service providers,Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Audio, electronic, visual and other similar information , such as call recordings To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To share with our Fox News Affiliates Service providers,Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Non-public education information (e.g., in connection with news or entertainment productions or sports programs) To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To provide co-branded services and features,To share with our Fox News Affiliates.Service providers,Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Data listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics To provide the Fox News Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services,To deliver relevant advertisements,To share with our Fox News Affiliates Service providers,Fox News Affiliates, andOther providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies, Advertisers,Virginia: Processed for targeted advertisingColorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising Please note that we may process Personal Data in each of the above categories in order to protect the rights of the Fox News and others, and/or to complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction. For more details about our purposes for processing, please see the Use and Disclosure section above. Please note that, under the Virginia law, the definition of "sale" is the exchange of information for monetary consideration and does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving of all or any portion of our business. We do not "sell" Personal Data as defined under the Virginia law. As noted above, the definition of "sale" under Colorado and Connecticut laws is different than the definition of that word under Virginia law. We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests, which could be considered "selling" under the Colorado and Connecticut laws. The Colorado and Connecticut laws’ definitions of "sale," however, do not include, the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business. Consumer Rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws. If you are a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with a similar privacy law, you have the following rights: (1) Right to Access and Portability . You have the right to confirm whether we are processing Personal Data concerning you, and to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data we collected from you, including in a portable form. To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data, or to make a request for your Personal Data, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. (2) Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data we collected from you or about you. To make a request for deletion, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion.When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. (3) Right to Request Correction . You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data we collected about you. To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data, please go to https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_News_Network or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name, email address, and the Personal Data you would like to be corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. (4) Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising (In Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut) and/or "Sale" (in Colorado and Connecticut) We process and share some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising. In Colorado and Connecticut, this processing may be considered a "sale." You can visit our "Your Privacy Choices" Internet Webpage for Fox Business at privacy.foxbusiness.com/main/web/main and for all other Fox News Services at privacy.foxnews.com/main/web/main . Consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws can opt out of targeted advertising and/or "sale" by clicking on the toggle and hitting the "submit" button at the bottom of the screen. If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the Fox News Services. For mobile and connected TV apps, you may visit "Your Privacy Choices" in Account/Settings for more information and to exercise your choices. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device. If you have enabled a global privacy control feature on your device, we process that opt-out preference signal in a frictionless manner. (5) Right to Appeal. If we decline to take action in response to a personal data rights request, consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and states with similar privacy laws, may request an appeal, by notifying us through our privacy rights portal by following the instructions provided with the response to your request. (6) Right to be Free From Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the laws of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and other states with similar privacy laws. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2023 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset . Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions . Legal Statement . Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper .PRIVACY AND LEGAL Privacy Policy Last Revised April 2022 Introduction Thank you for visiting www.factset.com, the Website of FactSet Research Systems Inc. and its affiliates (“FactSet,” “we” or “us”). FactSet is a provider of integrated financial information and analytical applications to the global investment community. To protect your privacy better, FactSet wants our customers, suppliers, employees, applicants, and other relevant parties to know how we collect personal data, the types of personal data we collect, and how we use and share your personal data. By visiting this Website (the “Site”), or providing your information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Note that this Privacy Policy only applies to personal data we collect (1) on our Site, (2) through our client and supplier- facing applications and tools, (3) from communications or applications you send us, (4) when you interact with our advertising and applications on third party websites and services, if they include links to this notice; and (5) through your contractual relationship with us, as applicable. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other personal data. Information We Collect Factset collects information that may be used to identify, describe, or link to people who visit our Site or request information about our product or the products of third parties. We collect and process personal data mainly from our customers and suppliers while doing business with them and we collect and receive personal data on this Site and through social networks. The personal data we process is mainly business contact information from our clients and suppliers and information you and our customers provide when using our products or accessing our websites or other applications. We also collect and collate information (including some personal data) from third party suppliers and public sources. We mainly process the personal information in order to provide our services to our customers, and to fulfill our contractual obligations and improve our products and offerings. For more information on our Processing activities, see Section 3 (Lawful Grounds for Processing) and Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data). A. Personal Data that we Collect When You Use the Site We collect several types of information and personal data, including data: that relates to an identified or identifiable individual, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone number, IP or MAC address, etc. and related information, such as the contents of an email ("personal data"); about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site and usage details (e.g., statistics) regarding our products (“usage information”); about browsing history, search history, information regarding the consumers interaction with a website, application, or advertisement; and inferences drawn from any of the information identified above, such as information used to create a profile of consumer’s preferences. We collect this information and personal data: directly from you and your employees when you or they provide it to us; automatically as you or your employees navigate through the Site or use our products. Information and personal data collected automatically may include usage information, IP addresses, and information and personal data collected through cookies, collected information from your use of our Site, including search queries, surveys and content clicks, web beacons, and other tracking technologies; from public and third-party sources. Third party advertisers or their advertising servers, or other third-party service providers may also place cookies on your devices used to access our Site. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on DNT, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. At this time, FactSet ignores these signals. FactSet does not change its practices, described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, in response to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For information about DNT, visit www.allaboutdnt.org. Third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites, including your use of this Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the practices of third parties that collect your personal information. B. Personal Data You Provide to Us You may provide personal data to Us through your use of our Site or services, or when you apply for employment with us. The personal data we collect may include: personal data that you provide by conducting business with us, by filling in forms on our Site, or at a trade show, or anywhere else we conduct business, by subscribing to newsletters or other communications, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise using our contact details.This includes personal data provided at the time of requesting information or services, soliciting business, or performing a service. We may also ask you for personal data when you enter a contract with us, or a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem; identifiers, including name, address, unique identifiers, account name, and job title; records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses); your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes; your search queries on the Site; personal data you provide during the contractual relationship for execution of the supplier or customer contract; personal data you provide by using our incident management and project management tools and applications; personal data you provide by communicating with our customer care teams for error resolving issues, training and support; Your usage of our products and related tools and applications. Typically, the personal data you give us may include name, business affiliation, business address, telephone number, and email address, and any personal details required to conduct business with you or to resolve any inquiries or complaints. We will indicate to you when personal data is required to enter into a contract with you (such as in anticipation of a services agreement) or to perform a contract with you (such as to provide services at your request), and when failure to provide any personal data may result in our inability to provide requested services or products. For job applicants, we may collect various types of personal data about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including: Data about you: such as your forename, surname, gender, nationality, date of birth, home contact details (e.g., address, telephone number, e-mail), national ID number, immigration and eligibility to work data;Data about your employment history and qualifications: qualifications, references, CV and application form, background checks and verification of information from LinkedIn or similar social media profile;Data about your application: such as interview notes or assessment results; and Legal and criminal records data: legal records data are processed only in compliance with the applicable laws and in specific circumstances (e.g., background checks for senior roles or roles handling sensitive information). You may give us the personal data described above during the recruitment process, whether through the application forms on our online job portal, on the telephone or at interviews. We partner with certain third party jobsites, such as LinkedIn or JobCentre Plus, and may receive your personal data via these organizations. C. Personal Data We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies If you navigate through and interact with our Site and some of our products, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain usage information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Automatic data collection is carried out through the use of cookies and related technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy which can be accessed here . D. Personal Data We Collect From Public Sources and Third Parties In order to provide our content services to our customers, we rely on content provided by third party suppliers, as well as content that is made available to the public. Some of that content includes general information about names of directors, registered board members, managers, fund managers and other official persons of companies published on public accessible websites, letterheads, prospects, annual financial statements, invitations to shareholder meetings etc. During the job recruitment process, we may also receive personal data about you from other third parties; for example, recruiters; references from a previous employer; business partners; background check providers; as well as from publicly available sources such as social media. Lawful Grounds for Processing All processing and use of your personal data is justified by a "lawful ground" for processing. In the majority of cases, processing will be justified on the lawful ground that: the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request, such as to negotiate a contract with us, to fill an order, or to provide product information that you have requested; the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation, such as keeping accounting records; the processing is in our legitimate interests, which are not overridden by the interests and rights of the relevant individual whose personal data is collected; and you have consented to the processing.Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process personal data, those interests are: to use supplier, customer and website user data to conduct and develop our business activities and improve our services in order to grow our business and profitability, while limiting the use of this personal data to purposes that support the conduct and the development of our business and the improvement of our services; to use third party supplier and publicly available content (which in some instances includes personal data) in order to provide our content services to customers for their business purposes, which may include, but not be limited to taking investment decisions or compliance with applicable laws and regulations such as insider trading regulations and anti-bribery legislation, but which are for our customers to determine and explain in their privacy notices. How We Use Your Personal Data The following is an overview of our purposes for using your personal data. Additional details on how we process your personal data may be provided to you in a separate notice or contract. We use the personal data we collect to: provide customer services, including products and services; to take, verify, process, and deliver orders and returns; to process payments, technical support, or other similar purposes; and to establish and maintain customer accounts; address your inquiries associated with the information you provide to us; provide training and after-sales-support on our products and answer to and perform change requests; organize and perform incident management processes; implement projects by working together with customers and their users as part of the project team; communicate with customers and suppliers, including responding to requests for assistance and to update them about the status of their orders by postal mail, email, telephone, or text message; investigate, prevent or take action regarding unauthorized use of our services, illegal activities, suspected fraud or situations involving potential threats; provide you with underlying tools and applications helping to implement projects and resolve incidents; discuss, carry out and implement change request and further developments of our products; provide our content services to our customers and to report and administer customers’ users’ usage of third-party information products (e.g., real-time data from stock exchanges etc.); administer and manage performance of purchase or sales agreements with our suppliers and customers; to enhance the experience for our users, we use notes relating to support provided to specific employees, advisors or agents of customers in relation to our products and services for their future use of our services; service your account; to the extent it is lawful to do so, market and promote our products including through email or equivalent electronic means, to send news and newsletters, special offers and promotions, or to otherwise contact customers about products, services or information; process, evaluate and complete certain transactions involving the Site, and more generally transactions involving FactSet's products and services; operate, evaluate, maintain, improve and develop the Site (including by monitoring and analyzing trends, tracking user behavior, access to, and, where lawful to do so, use of the Site for advertising and marketing); to the extent it is lawful to do so, engage with you about events, promotions, the Site and FactSet's products and services and send you emails, event notifications, invitations, newsletters, announcements, and other communications regarding matters that may be of interest to you; facilitate your job application process; provide you with documentation or communications which you have requested, or which is part of a product; correspond with users to resolve their queries or complaints; protect the security of the Site, FactSet confidential and proprietary information (which may include personal data), and FactSet employees; manage, protect against and investigate fraud, risk exposure, claims and other liabilities, including but not limited to violation of our contract terms or laws or regulations; share your personal data with third parties in connection with potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case personal data held by us about our users may be one of the transferred assets. FactSet will not sell or rent your personal data you provided to us to third parties for their own use, but as further described in Section 5, we may provide third parties with your personal data where there is a legal requirement to do so or where we need a third party to fulfill our services.Sharing and Disclosure of Your Personal Data When you have provided personal data to us, we may disclose personal data to other companies that we have engaged to assist us in providing you goods or services. This may include the following service providers: fulfillment houses;billing services;transaction managers;credit verification services;market researchers; andother third-party service providers. We do not sell or rent personal data to third parties for their own use but may provide certain usage information to advertisers to help provide you with relevant advertising where we are allowed to do so. Usage information, as used in this policy, is anonymized and aggregated data, which does not identify you in the way Personal Data would. We may also disclose any of your personal data or usage information to law enforcement or other appropriate third parties in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities, as may be required by applicable law, or, as we may deem necessary in our sole discretion, in order to protect our legitimate legal and business interests. We may also share your personal data in connection with the recruitment or employment application process, including sharing that data with: other members of the FactSet group;recruiters;IT service providers;companies providing FactSet background check services; andpayroll systems. If your application for employment with FactSet is successful, you will be provided with a separate notice during your on-boarding process, which will provide you with additional information. We reserve the right to disclose, share, or otherwise transfer personal data and usage information in connection with a proposed or actual corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of our assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. In the event that there is a change of ownership or control of your personal data or usage information, we will post a prominent notice to that effect on our Site. Transferring Personal Data FactSet is a global organization headquartered in the United States, and we may need to transfer your personal data to third party suppliers and to our affiliates for the purposes described above. If your personal data is subject to the GDPR and is transferred outside the EU to other FactSet affiliates or to third party service providers, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EU, including by entering into data transfer agreements using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or by relying on certification schemes. For transfers of personal data among FactSet affiliates we have put in place European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses and have entered into an Intragroup data transfer agreement. You have a right to obtain details of the mechanism under which your personal data is transferred outside of the EU, although please note that we may need to redact copies of transfer agreements for reasons of commercial confidentiality, provided that you can retain access to the relevant safeguards. With respect to the information you provide to us through the recruitment or employment process, we may share and transfer your data with other members of the FactSet Group located globally (including in countries outside EU/EEA, such as the United States of America, India and the Philippines). FactSet has adopted an Intra-Group Data Transfer Agreement to ensure your personal data receives an adequate level of protection wherever it is processed within the FactSet group. FactSet reserves the right to share any information that you provide which is not deemed personal data or is not otherwise subject to contractual restrictions. Retention of Your Personal Data We keep personal data only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. In general, we retain personal data for a period of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, for example to maintain an accurate record of customer and supplier dealings. However, in some circumstances we may retain personal data for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax or accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required in accordance with our document retention policy. With respect to personal data we obtain from job applicants through the recruitment process, our general approach is to retain your application for a period of 6 months or, where you consent to a longer period of retention, for up to 2 years following the closure of the recruitment process for the role you applied for.Otherwise, you should note that, in certain cases, legal or regulatory obligations require us to retain specific records for a set period of time. If you accept employment with FactSet, your personal data will be held on the basis set out in our Employee Data Privacy Notice, which will be shared with you following your hiring. Your Rights You may have certain rights in connection with the personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us. Depending on where you reside, these rights may be specifically provided to you by statute. We will take steps in accordance with applicable legislation to keep personal data accurate, complete, and up to date. Specifically, you may be entitled to exercise the below rights in connection with your personal data: Request that FactSet disclose our collection and use of your personal data during the past 12 months; Request that we provide your personal data to you in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; Request that we correct any inadequate, incomplete, or incorrect personal data we hold; Request that we delete your personal data; Request that we restrict processing of your personal data; Object to processing or withdraw your consent for processing (including profiling) based on legitimate interest lawful grounds, without affecting the lawfulness of processing before withdrawal; Object to direct marketing (including profiling); or File a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority. Additionally, job applicants specifically have the following rights with respect to personal data: Withdraw your consent at any time; for example, if you are no longer happy for us to retain your unsuccessful application for an extended period of up to 2 years;Request that we restrict our processing of your personal data where: you contest the accuracy of the personal data until we have taken sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy;where the processing is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the personal data;where we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require such personal data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or where you have objected to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds (see below) pending verification as to whether FactSet has compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing. Note that we will not discriminate against you in any way if you choose to exercise any of the above rights. Please contact us as indicated in the Contact Us section below or using the email-address: dataprivacy@factset.com if you wish to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any enquiries or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data. We may need to request additional information from you in order to respond to your request to exercise any of the above rights. We will respond to your verifiable request and to take action with respect to your request within 45 days. If we require additional time to disclose and or delete your personal information as provided under applicable law, we will inform you within 45 days of your request. To the extent allowed under applicable law, FactSet may decline to comply with certain data deletion requests in the event that your personal data is required to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between FactSet and you;Detect security incidents, protect against malicious deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;Comply with applicable laws or legal obligations;Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of that information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement to that research, if you have provided informed consent; Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us; orOtherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided information. Children This Site is not intended or directed to anyone under the age of 16 and we do not provide services to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18, nor do we collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 18.If you are under the age of 16, you should use this Site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us. Data Security FactSet takes reasonable precautions to protect personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, altercation, and destruction. Unfortunately, while we work hard to ensure the security of your personal data while it is on our systems, no security measures are perfect, and data transmitted over the Internet is not guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security of any personal data you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our jobsites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone and you are responsible for the confidentiality of the password related to your account. Links to Other Websites Our Sites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from FactSet. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by FactSet, we are not responsible for the websites’ content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites. Changes to Our Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice may be amended from time to time. Please review it periodically. Changes to this Notice will be identified by the date at the top of this page. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, FactSet's privacy practices or if you would like us to exercise any of your data subject rights, please contact us as provided below: Chief Compliance OfficerFactSet Research Systems Inc.90 Park Avenue, 7th FloorNew York, NY 10016USA Email: dataprivacy@factset.com Visit: factset.com/privacy Privacy Policy Terms of Use The following terms and conditions govern your use of this website and all content, services, and products available on or through the website (taken together, the "Site"). The Site is owned and operated by FactSet Research Systems Inc. and its affiliates (together, “FactSet”) as a service to its clients and investors and may be used for informational purposes only. Access to and use of the Site is subject to your acceptance without modification of all the terms and conditions contained herein, and all other operating rules, policies, and terms on this Site and any applicable written agreements with FactSet (which, in the event of a conflict with this terms and conditions, shall govern). If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Site or download any materials from it. If you do not agree to the terms, or if you cannot remain in compliance with these terms, you may not access or use the Site. If you are accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity other than yourself as an individual, including a business or a government body, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind that entity to these terms. FactSet may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site. ELIGIBILITY : You are not eligible to use the Site if doing so would violate any law or regulation, including but not limited to export controls or restrictions. This Site is not intended for use for individuals under the age of 18. You must be over the age of 18 to register an account on the Site. By registering an account, you represent that you meet this minimum age requirement. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 16, as the Site and the services are not intended for use by children under 16. ACCOUNT RESPONSIBILITY : You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account, whether by you or anyone else. You may not create or use an account for anyone other than yourself. You must immediately notify FactSet of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. FactSet will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of these acts or omissions. FactSet will not be liable for any loss that you or any other third party may incur as a result of someone else’s use of your account or password, either with or without your knowledge. FactSet may hold you liable for any losses incurred by FactSet or any other party due to someone else’s use of your account or password.LICENSE : As long as you are in compliance with these terms and other applicable FactSet policies, we grant to you a limited, revocable, non-assignable, non-transferrable, non-sublicenseable, non-exclusive license to use the Site, and to access and receive services that are intended for public display or access. Any rights not explicitly granted to you in these terms are strictly withheld and reserved by FactSet. You agree that: (1) you will not copy or distribute any part of the Site or services in any medium without our prior written authorization, except as is necessary to your normal use of the Site; (2) you will not alter or modify any part of the Site other than is necessary to use the Site for its intended purposes; and (3) you will otherwise comply with these terms and all other applicable FactSet policies. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION : Unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, text, images, audio, video and other content within this Site are the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights or other property of FactSet ("FactSet's Intellectual Property") or its third party content providers (“Third Party Intellectual Property”). The “look” and “feel” of the Site (including color combinations, layout, design, and all other graphical elements) are protected by U.S. copyright and trademark law. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of FactSet's Intellectual Property or Third Party Intellectual Property displayed on the Site without the written permission of FactSet. All rights in and to the Site and its content are retained by FactSet. You acknowledge and agree that the contents of this Site, including FactSet’s Intellectual Property and Third Party Intellectual Property, are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other foreign jurisdictions. For additional information on the Site’s copyright protections, refer to the copyright notice in the Site (www.factset.com) footer. To obtain permission to use FactSet’s Intellectual Property or Third Party Intellectual Property, send an e-mail to marketing@factset.com. Note that no portion may be reproduced in any form, or by any means, without the prior written consent of FactSet. To obtain reproduction consent, send an e-mail to marketing@factset.com. You may download single copies of material contained on this Site for non-commercial, personal use subject to the provisions below and provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Site or download any materials from it. As FactSet asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others, pursuant to the Acceptable Use Policy below. If you believe that material located on the Site violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify FactSet at dataprivacy@factset.com. FactSet will respond to all notices and, if required or appropriate, may take the following actions: (1) removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material or (2) terminating a user’s access to and use of the Site if, the user is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of FactSet or others. USER SUBMISSIONS : Any content, material, information, or other communication, including, without limitation, data, questions, comments, feedback, suggestions, or the like (collectively, the "Communications"), that you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. If you transmit or post any Communications to this Site, you grant FactSet a world-wide, royalty free, fully paid, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully assignable, transferable and sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, display, and otherwise exploit those Communications throughout the world in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter devised or developed. FactSet will have no obligations in connection with any of the Communications, including, to the extent permitted by law, any obligation to retain or provide you with copies of your Communications or to guarantee any confidentiality with respect to your Communications. FactSet cannot prevent the "harvesting" of information from this Site, and you may be contacted by FactSet or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this Site.Furthermore, any Communications, including all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein, may be edited by or on behalf of FactSet, may or may not be posted to this Site and may be used by FactSet for any purpose, including, reproduction, disclosure, distribution, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, all at the sole discretion of FactSet. The Communications may be used by FactSet for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using this information. ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY : You are prohibited from: Using the Site in any way that violates applicable laws or regulations; posting or transmitting to this Site any Communications that are unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or pornographic or that would otherwise violate any law; posting or transmitting any Communications that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered harmful, fraudulent, infringing, offensive, illegal or give rise to civil liability; posting or transmitting any Communications that contain any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful, destructive or contaminating content; posting or transmitting any unsolicited messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like “spam”) or that is machine- or randomly-generated; copying, modifying, publishing, transmitting, distributing, transferring, selling, creating derivatives of, or in any way exploiting, any material accessible through the Site not submitted or provided by you, including by use of any robot, spider, scraper, scripting, deep link or other similar automated gathering or extraction tools, program, algorithm or methodology, unless you obtain FactSet’s prior written consent; using the Site to advertise, market, sell or otherwise promote any commercial enterprise that you own, are employed by or are otherwise compensated by, either directly or indirectly; using this Site in any way to violate the security or integrity of any network, computer or communications system, software application, or network or computing device or otherwise attempt to disrupt or tamper with FactSet servers; modifying, adapting, translating, copying, reverse engineering, scraping, crawling, decompiling, or disassembling any portion of the Site; attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network of the Site or attempting to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; taking any action that imposes, or may impose, in FactSet’s sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, attempting to gain unauthorized access to any of the Site or other accounts through hacking, password mining or other means; or using or encouraging, promoting, facilitating, or instructing others to use the Site in any matter not explicitly permitted under these terms. FactSet has the right (but not the obligation) to monitor activity on the Site and investigate any violation of this Agreement or misuse of the Site. If you become aware of any violation of this Agreement or misuse of the Site, you must immediately notify us and provide us with assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation. FactSet will cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing FactSet to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any information or materials. FactSet further has the right (but not the obligation) to refuse or remove any Communications from this Site or terminate or deny access to and use of the Site for any reason. FactSet is under no obligation to enforce these terms on your behalf against another user. FactSet reserves the right to take appropriate action in its sole discretion. You hereby represent and warrant that (a) your use of the Site will not infringe the proprietary rights of any third party; (b) your use of the Site will be in strict accordance with these and any other applicable terms and with all applicable laws and regulations; and (c) that any Communication you post or transmit to the Site is accurate. Notwithstanding the foregoing rules of conduct, FactSet retains an unlimited right to terminate your access to the Site, subject to applicable law, which shall not be limited to violations of the Acceptable Use Policy above. USER RESPONSIBILITY :FactSet has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the Communications and material posted by third parties to the Site, and therefore cannot be responsible for its content, use or effects. By operating the Site, FactSet does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes the material to be accurate, useful, lawful, or non-harmful.Neither FactSet nor any of this third party suppliers guarantees, endorses, or is otherwise responsible or liable for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, availability, or usefulness of any Communications and material accessible through the Site. Additionally, the information provided on this Site by FactSet speaks only as of the respective dates on which the information was first created. This information can become out-of-date. FactSet makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update any of this information, except as expressly stated on this Site. You use this Site at your own risk and are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems. USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION : Information submitted to FactSet on this Site is governed according to FactSet's Privacy Policy . LINKS TO OTHER MATERIALS : The Site may contain links to the websites of third parties on which you may be able to obtain information or use services. The linked sites are not under the control of FactSet, and FactSet is not responsible for the content, including, without limitation, the truthfulness or accuracy of any statement or other content, of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. FactSet reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. FactSet has not reviewed all the information contained in the linked sites and does not endorse the companies, products, or sites to which it links and reserves the right to note throughout the Site. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to our Site, you do this entirely at your own risk. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IN THE CASE OF DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER GRIEVANCE SHALL BE YOUR TERMINATION AND DISCONTINUANCE OF ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE THE SITE AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING; THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF INACCURACIES, MISREPRESENTATIONS BY USERS, VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL FACTSET OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FactSet assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site or any linked sites. FactSet and its suppliers further do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the materials posted, set forth, downloadable or linked to this Site. FactSet may make changes to or discontinue any or all of these materials, or the products described therein, at any time without notice. FactSet makes no commitment to update the information on this Site. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, LICENSORS, BUSINESS PARTNERS, HEIRS, OR ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “RELATED PARTIES”) BE LIABLE TO YOU BASED ON OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES, EVEN IF WE OR RELATED PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND ARE VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. INDEMNIFICATION : You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless FactSet, its contractors, and its third-party suppliers, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, costs, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of your use of the Site, including but not limited to your violation of these terms. FactSet reserves the right, at your expense, to control the defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any claims without FactSet’s written consent.You agree to notify FactSet immediately in writing of any claims. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms and your use of the Site. TERMINATION : FactSet may terminate your access to all or any part of the Site at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effectively immediately. If you wish to terminate these terms, or your user account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Site. All provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive, including, without limitation, intellectual property ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability. APPLICABLE LAWS, DISPUTES, AND JURISDICTION : This Site is controlled by FactSet from its offices located in the State of Connecticut within the United States of America. FactSet does not make any representation that materials at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where the content of this Site is illegal is prohibited. Although this Site may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products and services not available in all countries, references do not imply that FactSet intends to make products or services available in all countries and territories. You may neither use, export nor re-export the materials at this Site, nor may you use any copy or adaptation of materials, in each case, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including, without limitation, United States export laws and regulations. You agree that any claim or dispute arising out of or relating in any way to your use of the Site, or any service provided by us, will be resolved solely and exclusively by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this Agreement. Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, these terms, any access to or use of the Site, will be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut within the United States of America, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal course located in Connecticut. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO SUBMIT TO ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS TO SETTLE ANY DISPUTES HEREUNDER, THAT ARBITRATION WILL BE IN LIEU OF LITIGATION, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT IN FAVOR OF THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDING EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. Arbitration under this Agreement will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its rules then in effect. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the following address: CT Corporation System 67 Burnside Avenue East Hartford, CT 06108Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that we may sue in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property or other proprietary rights. To the extent arbitration does not apply, you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to the Site or us, may only be brought by you in a state or federal court located in Connecticut. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THIS VENUE AS INCONVENIENT OR INAPPROPRIATE AND AGREE TO EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN CONNECTICUT. GENERAL : If any part of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of these terms or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your rights under this Agreement to any party, including by operation of law. FactSet may assign or otherwise transfer its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. These terms were last updated April 2022. Terms of Use FactSet's UK Modern Slavery Act Statement 2022 This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act of 2015 and constitutes FactSet’s group slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending 31 August 2022. Introduction from Phil Snow, Chief Executive Officer As a major software and solutions provider globally, we recognise that our company must act responsibly and thus are committed to improving our practices to combat slavery and human trafficking. Employees are expected to report concerns, using the appropriate reporting channels, and management are expected to act upon them.We are proud of the corporate social responsibility work we carry out in our local communities. As we expand into new markets, we ensure that corporate social responsibility is a key part of our business strategic development plans. Organisation's Structure and Business We are a major supplier of online-integrated financial and economic information to the investment management and banking industries. FactSet Research Systems Inc. is the parent company of all our global subsidiaries, including our businesses in the United Kingdom (“FactSet”). FactSet has more than 11,000 employees worldwide in 38 office locations in 20 countries. In fiscal 2022, we established the FactSet Charitable Foundation which is a non-profit, nonstock corporation and is a separate legal entity from FactSet. Our Supply Chains FactSet is not in an industry with a high risk of modern slavery or human trafficking. Our supply chains include suppliers based throughout the world that provide a range of services and products, from third party data to IT infrastructure and local food service. FactSet is committed to high professional standards and ethics, and we expect the same from all our suppliers. All suppliers are expected to comply with all local and national laws and regulations. Our Values and Policies Part of our values and culture is that we are an inclusive community, working together as a team and staying connected to our clients and each other. We are committed to ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of our business. As such, we have implemented our own FactSet Supply Chain Code of Conduct, available on our public website. We expect all our global suppliers and their respective supply chains to uphold similar standards of ethical conduct and to act in accordance with the FactSet Supply Chain Code of Conduct. This demonstrates our support and commitment to act ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships. We seek to implement and enforce effective systems and controls to ensure slavery and human trafficking is not taking place anywhere in our supply chains. Our Human Rights Policy is available on our public website and demonstrates our commitment to develop due diligence to identify and prevent human rights risks to people in our business and value chain. Where we identify adverse human rights impacts resulting from or caused by our business activities, we are committed to provide for or cooperate in their fair and equitable remediation. Employees Giving back to our communities is an integral part of our culture. FactSet continues to invest in local communities through its Corporate Responsibility program, uniting around our four Pillars of Service: Inspire Tomorrow’s Engineers, Educate to Elevate, Protect Our Environment, and Alleviate Food Insecurity. The program is led by a global team and supported by local Corporate Responsibility (CR) Committees who engage colleagues in strategic service projects to make a difference in our local communities. During fiscal 2022, FactSet employees served community needs in partnership with 75 charity partners around the world and volunteered over 17,000 hours of community service. Through global campaigns with strategic nonprofit partners, FactSet employees achieved far [1]ranging impacts including volunteering with organisations to help prepare young people for future careers, hosting a variety of awareness talks, volunteer events, and sustainability challenges and supporting local and global communities in relation to hunger and food insecurity alleviation. All FactSet and FactSet Charitable Foundation grants are made on the provision that the charity does not discriminate by race, creed, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, or national origin. We look forward to supporting our communities with the newly formed FactSet Charitable Foundation in the upcoming years. Our annual Sustainability Report is available on our public website and details how we manage our global business through our fair and transparent governance processes and equip our staff to uphold the highest standards of ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our public website and applies to all employees globally and embodies fundamental principles of ethical and legal conduct to ensure we continue to be guided by our values. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics helps all employees navigate the highly complex, regulated, and challenging global business environment in which we operate, and ensures that our sense of integrity is at the forefront of each business transaction. All employees are required to affirm and recertify their commitment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on an annual basis. Mandatory new hire and compliance training programs educate our employees on how to conduct business in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.If employees have any concerns about any wrongdoing or breaches of law, these can be raised through appropriate channels. In situations where employees prefer to place an anonymous or confidential report, they are encouraged to use FactSet’s Ethics Action Line which is accessible on our intranet site. Our Whistleblower and Anti-Retaliation Policy supports the confidential, anonymous submission of misconduct concerns, and prohibits retaliation against the individual reporting the alleged misconduct. Next Steps We will continue to review the effectiveness of the steps we have taken to ensure that there is no slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains, and assess emergent risks, if any arise, regarding slavery and human trafficking in our supply chains. This statement was approved by the board of FactSet Research Systems Inc., FactSet Europe Limited and FactSet UK Limited. Phil SnowChief Executive OfficerDate: April 21, 2023 UK Modern Slavery Act UK Tax Strategy Financial year ending August 31, 2023 FactSet Research Systems Inc. (the “Company” or “FactSet”) is a multinational company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut, United States with operations across 23 countries. FactSet was founded in 1978 and provides integrated financial information and analytical applications for the global investment community. Introduction to FactSet’s UK Tax Strategy FactSet has substantial local operations and presence in the UK. FactSet is committed to conduct its tax affairs in accordance with the following objectives: Act as a responsible global corporate tax citizen in compliance with applicable tax law, regulations and reporting disclosure requirements;Maintain an open relationship with tax authorities based on collaboration and integrity;Apply diligence and care in the management of processes and procedures by which all tax related activities are undertaken;Encourage ethical and transparent business practices;Use available incentives and reliefs while ensuring that these reliefs are not used for purposes which are knowingly contradictory to the intent of the legislation. Risk Management and Governance FactSet believes that it is important to pay the correct amount of tax at the right time, under all relevant laws and regulations. We are committed to provide transparent and accessible information to tax administrators in order to facilitate an understanding of our tax strategy and the underlying business models. We operate an effective tax control framework to identify key tax risks and to manage those risks through appropriately designed and operated controls, polices and processes. Tax Strategy and Strategic Objectives Generally, FactSet’s tax strategy and strategic objectives are intended to establish a clear and unequivocal approach to all aspects of tax reporting and compliance.Our strategy is focused on ensuring that taxes (and tax risks) are managed to provide outcomes consistent with commercial reality and are within the parameters of our strategic objectives. The strategy also requires that all tax obligations are complied with in the UK and all other relevant jurisdictions.With the tax landscape constantly changing, FactSet’s tax affairs and tax risk management procedures are regularly reviewed to ensure that processes and measures are up-to-date so that we are able to identify, assess, manage and mitigate tax risk as well as remain aligned with FactSet’s business strategy and governance framework. Level of Acceptable Tax Risk We aim for certainty on the tax positions we adopt, so diligent professional care and judgment is employed to assess tax risks arising from our commercial operations. We seek to reduce the level of tax risk arising from operations as far as is practically reasonable through an ongoing commitment to improving internal control effectiveness and by ensuring that all tax or tax-related processes are allocated to appropriately qualified owners.FactSet’s level of acceptable risk is low, and we structure our affairs based on sound commercial principles and in accordance with company policy and relevant tax legislation. FactSet will consider different tax outcomes when considering how to undertake commercially motivated transactions, but does not participate in aggressive tax planning for the purposes of tax avoidance or engage in tax schemes that go against the intention of the legislative authority. Approach towards Dealings with HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) It is FactSet’s general policy to be transparent and proactive in all interactions with HMRC. We have an open, honest and positive working relationship with HMRC. We are committed to prompt disclosure and transparency in all tax matters with HMRC. We recognize that there will be areas of differing legal interpretations between ourselves and HMRC and where this occurs we will engage in proactive discussion to bring matters to as rapid a conclusion as possible.UK Tax Strategy Accommodation Statement FactSet endeavors to make https://www.factset.com/careers accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact Kristen Panichella, Global Director, Talent Acquisition at Recruiting2@factset.com . This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. FactSet is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. For our EEO Policy Statement, please click here . If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here . For the EEO Commission, please click here . Accommodation Statement AAP/EEO Statement A NOTICE AND INVITATION TO ALL EMPLOYEES AND APPLICANTS Philip Snow, Chief Executive Officer AFFIRMATIVE ACTION AND EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY POLICY STATEMENT FactSet Research Systems, Inc. has been and will continue to be an equal opportunity employer. To assure full implementation of this equal employment policy, we will take steps to assure that: Persons are recruited, hired, assigned and promoted without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations.All other personnel actions, such as compensa­tion, benefits, transfers, layoffs and recall from layoffs, access to training, education, tuition assistance and social recreation pro­grams are administered without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. Employees and applicants shall not be subjected to harassment, intimidation, threats, coercion or discrimination because they have: (1) filed a complaint; (2) assisted or participated in an investigation, compliance review, hearing or any other activity related to the administration of any federal, state or local law requiring equal employment opportunity; (3) opposed any act or practice made unlawful by any federal, state or local law requiring equal opportunity or (4) exercised any other right protected by federal, state or local law requiring equal opportunity. I have appointed Kristen A. Panichella to take on the responsibili­ties of EEO Coordinator. The EEO Coordinator will be respon­sible for the day to day imple­ment­a­tion and monitoring of the Company’s Affirmative Action Plan. As part of that responsibil­ity, the EEO Coordinator will periodi­cally analyze the Company's personnel actions and their effects to ensure compliance with our equal employ­ment policy and administer the audit and reporting system. If you, as one of our employees or as an applicant for employment, have any questions about this policy or would like to view portions of the Affirmative Action Plan, please contact Leonard F. Johnson during regular business hours. This is also a reminder that employees may update their disability status at any time by contacting Kristen A. Panichella. I have reviewed and fully endorse our Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity program. In closing, I ask the continued assistance and support of all of the Company's personnel to attain our objec­tive of equal employment opportunity for all. Sincerely, Philip SnowChief Executive Officer AAP/EEO Statement External Referral Award Program Terms and Conditions FactSet Research Systems Inc.’s External Referral Award Program (the “Program”) offers a one-time referral award to unaffiliated persons to help FactSet attract top talent at our offices located throughout the United States. To make a referral or learn more about the Program, please visit our External Referral Award Program webpage . Referrals are valid for 12 months from the date of submittal. Please read the below carefully. By submitting a resume via email, You (as defined below) agree to the following terms and conditions: External Referrer (“You” or “Your”): Must be an individual person (i.e.not a business entity) who is at least 18 years of age and a legal resident of the United States in which you resideCan’t be associated with or a consultant of a staffing or recruiting agencyCan’t be a current FactSet employeeCan’t refer yourself Your Referral Candidate: Can’t be a previous employee or current or former contractor for FactSetCan’t be previously referred by a current FactSet employeeCan’t have already applied for the same position at FactSet on their own If our team feels that Your referred candidate appears to be a match to our job requirements, we will reach out to them directly. The referred person must acknowledge that You referred them and we will ask the Referral Candidate to then apply directly on the Careers page of our website. Payment Terms If You are eligible to participate in the Program, FactSet shall pay You a one-time referral award in the form of an electronic gift card from one of FactSet’s preapproved retailers (“Award”) in the following (gross) amounts: For Associate, Senior Associate, Specialist and Senior Specialist positions: $50 AwardFor Senior Manager/AVP Lead, Manager, SVP or VP positions: $100 Award FactSet will process the Award approximately 8-10 weeks after the referred employee is successfully hired and is actively employed by FactSet at the time the Award is to be paid. You are solely responsible for any appropriate state and federal taxes associated with the receipt of the Award. In the event of a duplicate or competing submission of a referral candidate, payment will be made for the first referral candidate received by FactSet. Any Award payment is at FactSet’s sole discretion. Recruiters and Placement Agencies FactSet does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or placement agencies. Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to our website or to any of our employees. FactSet will not pay any fees to any third-party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any fees associated with any unsolicited resume. Additional Information You may refer as many qualified referral candidates as You want, but the total aggregate Award amount You may receive is capped at $500.Referrals submitted in any other way other than outlined in these terms and conditions will not be eligible for the Program.These terms and conditions are governed by Connecticut law. You agree that in the event of any dispute between you and FactSet with respect to an Award the decision of FactSet will be final.The terms and conditions of the Program are subject to change or terminate at any time without notice and in FactSet’s sole discretion. Please email referrals@factset.com with any questions. External Referral Award Program Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy General acceptance or denial of Cookies You can agree or disagree to accept any cookies in general by activating the appropriate setting on the cookie banner displayed on our website. However, if you select “I decline” you may be unable to access certain parts or several functions of our website, and we cannot guarantee that our website will function properly. Otherwise our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website. How to manage cookies You can change your browser settings so that you receive a warning before certain cookies are stored. You can also adjust your settings so that your browser refuses most of our cookies or only certain cookies from third parties. You can also withdraw your consent to cookies by deleting the cookies that have already been stored. Please note that you will have to change your settings for each browser and device you use. Moreover, such methods will not work with respect to certain non-cookie online tracking technologies. The procedures for changing your settings and cookies differ from browser to browser. If necessary, use the help function on your browser or click on one of the links below to go directly to the user manual for your browser. There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. You can also use www.ghostery.com to accept or refuse each cookie used on our website. Description of Cookies and the way we use them Our website uses cookies to keep the website operating as smoothly as possible and to provide web services and functionalities for each visitor. Cookies are used for a variety of purposes. For example, they calculate web statistics, provide online advertising and improve a visitor's experience on our website. As your privacy is important to us, we would like to inform you about which cookies are used on our website, as well as why we use them. We operate the following cookies on our website: Browser Cookies. A browser cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Flash Cookies.Certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information (including personal data) about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our website. Web Beacons. Pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as Web Beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). We refer to cookies, flash cookies and web beacons as "cookies". We may collect personal data automatically, and we may tie this personal data to personal data about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. Our cookies are used in the following way and for the following purposes: Functional cookies: these cookies are essential in order to ensure that our website operates properly. They are used to save preferences, detect misuse of our website and services, and to distribute the load on our servers, which keeps our website available. Certain services you may request cannot be provided without these cookies.Web statistics cookies: these cookies are used to determine which parts of our website interests our visitors. This enables us to make the structure, navigation, and content of our website as user friendly as possible. We and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners, advertisers and advertising servers) may place, view, and/or use cookies, Web server logs, Web Beacons, or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other usage information about your use of this website and all other websites which relate to, provide, or market FactSet products and services. This usage information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, geo-location data, internet service provider, the state or country from which you accessed this website, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this website, the number of links you click within this website, the functions you use on this website, the databases you view and the searches you request on this website, the data you save on or download from this website and the number of times you view an advertisement. We use Google Analytics software for these purposes. Information generated by the use of Google Analytics may be transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the US. Social media cookies: our Website may integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook "like" button). Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view. These plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing them.Advertising cookies: our Website may also enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect data over time and across unaffiliated websites for use in interest-based advertising. For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited the website to send you online ads for FactSet products on third party websites. In addition, our third-party advertising partners might use information about you to send you targeted advertisements based on your online behavior in general. Information (including personal data) about your visits to, and activity on, this website and other websites, an IP address, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information and personal data, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web Beacons, provided by third party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance. Web Beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this website, and to learn which banner ads bring users to this website. The use and collection of your information and personal data by these third-party service providers, and third party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Cookie Policy. To opt out of advertising cookies for Your Online Choices if you are based in the EU, please click here .To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, please click here .You may also enable the “Do Not Track” setting in your web browser(s) or clear cookies from your browser after each browsing session.Please note that even if you exercise this choice for targeted advertising, you will still receive online advertising. Matching or connecting cookies: We or our third-party service providers also may use collected information to establish connections among related web browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, computers, and TVs) for targeted advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. These third parties may match your browsers or devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by the same person or household. This means that information about your activity on this website or apps on your current browser or device may be combined with information collected from your other browsers or devices. Other cookies: this category includes cookies that do not fit into one of the above cookie categories. One example of this is the bundling of several of the cookies via Google Tag Manager. Partners we share Cookies with We share cookies with the following partners. Please follow the links to their privacy policies: Google Analytics: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites Lucky Orange: https://www.luckyorange.com/privacy.php To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org . Cookie Policy FactSet Research Systems Inc. Supply Chain Code of Conduct At FactSet Research Systems Inc. (inclusive of all of its subsidiaries, “FactSet”), we are guided by our values. All of our employees, officers and directors commit to a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that embodies our fundamental principles of ethical and legal conduct. In keeping with our values, we expect all of our global suppliers (“Suppliers”) and their respective supply chains to uphold similar standards of ethics and conduct and to act in accordance with this FactSet Supply Chain Code of Conduct (the “Code”). This Code outlines the minimum standards that all of our Suppliers are expected to adhere to. All Suppliers are expected to conduct their business activities in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. This Code is not and should not be interpreted to circumvent or undermine any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. Any Supplier who is unable to comply with this Code should immediately notify FactSet. Failure to comply with this Code may result in FactSet taking specific action, including but not limited to the disqualification of future opportunities and the withdrawal of business. FactSet’s Core Sourcing Principles We consider the following factors when selecting our Suppliers: High quality products and services that fit our business needs;Best value, meeting our financial requirements without compromising on quality or customer service;Successful completion of our data security assessment and architecture review;Legal compliance and contractual terms in line with FactSet’s standards and all applicable laws and regulations; andBusiness practices consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations, this Code, and whenever practicable, FactSet’s environmental, social and governance philosophies. Ethical Business Practices FactSet seeks to excel while operating honestly and ethically, never through taking unfair advantage of others. FactSet prohibits fraudulent or corrupt business practices and any conduct of a suspicious, unethical, or illegal nature. Suppliers shall ensure their senior management oversees, monitors, flows down and implements policies, procedures, and guidelines to ensure compliance with law and demonstrate a commitment to business ethics, social justice, environmental and climate action, and strong corporate governance. FactSet suppliers shall work to ensure accountability, transparency, fairness, and responsibility for internal and external stakeholders and other affected or interested parties. Our Suppliers must be transparent in their business dealings and timely in regulatory reporting. Suppliers may not engage in bribery, corruption, embezzlement, extortion, or other illegitimate and unethical business practices. Suppliers must comply with all applicable laws relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery. Suppliers must avoid unlawful agreements or arrangements with their competitors and comply with applicable fair competition laws. FactSet will not support, facilitate, or condone money laundering, tax evasion or any other illegal conduct by Suppliers and will assist governmental authorities, where appropriate, in preventing illegal activities involving FactSet. Human Rights/Workers’ Rights and Diversity FactSet believes in the fundamental responsibility to respect international human rights standards (see our Human Rights Policy ). FactSet expects its Suppliers to share its commitment to human rights and equal opportunity in the workplace.Suppliers must commit to upholding the human rights of their workers in accordance with this Code, the principles and guidelines of the International Labor Organization and the United Nations, and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. Suppliers must ensure that all of their employees have chosen their employment freely without duress. Their employees must work in safe, healthy and humane working conditions. Employees must be provided with fair wages and benefits relative to the market, and none of our Suppliers should expect their employees to exceed fair working hours as designated by applicable local and international law. Suppliers shall respect the right of freedom of association of their employees and the right to collective bargaining. All of our Suppliers must ensure that they do not have within any part of their own operations or their supply-chain any form of child labor or human rights violations. FactSet is committed to ensuring there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains or in any part of our business and FactSet will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in slavery or human trafficking (see our Modern Slavery Act Statement ). Suppliers must be committed to a workforce free of harassment and discrimination. We expect our Suppliers to take diversity and inclusion in their workplaces seriously and demonstrate a commitment to equality of opportunity for individuals and groups, with no tolerance for discrimination or workplace harassment. We urge our Suppliers to recruit, hire, develop, promote and discipline employees without regard to race, sex, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, national origin, citizenship, marital status, pregnancy, disability, or veteran status, providing reasonable accommodations where necessary to ensure fairness and non-discrimination. Environment and Sustainability FactSet recognizes its social responsibility to protect the environment and operate its business sustainably. FactSet expects its Suppliers to adhere to responsible environmental management and to operate their business in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Suppliers should strive to minimize negative environmental impact as far as is practical and possible. We urge our Suppliers to target reductions in their carbon footprints, reduce their levels of waste and where possible incorporate reduction, re-use and recycling measures in their business operations. Third Party Intellectual Property, Proprietary and Privacy Rights FactSet respects the intellectual property, proprietary and privacy rights of third parties and expects its Suppliers to do the same. Any Supplier given access to FactSet data, including confidential, sensitive, proprietary data or personal information of FactSet employees, clients, business partners or others, must carefully safeguard and protect that data from unauthorized disclosure. When Suppliers are properly given the right to use such assets, they must use them responsibly. Suppliers must respect the privacy of their customers, employees, and other data subjects, and comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations. Monitoring Compliance and Reporting Concerns Suppliers are expected to self-monitor their compliance with this Code while conducting business and to have appropriate internal controls and management systems in place. FactSet may request reasonable audits or information to confirm compliance with this Code by our Suppliers. If you are aware or concerned that someone has violated this Code, please report your concern to our Chief Compliance Officer at dataprivacy@factset.com or anonymously through the FactSet Ethics Action Line at https://FactSetEthicsActionline.com . Reports will be kept confidential to the fullest extent possible, consistent with law and the need to conduct an adequate review. FactSet prohibits retaliation against any individual or company for having made a complaint in good faith, regardless of whether the complaint is ultimately substantiated. Supply Chain Code of Conduct FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC.GLOBAL PROCUREMENT DIVERSITY POLICY FactSet Research Systems Inc. and its subsidiaries (“FactSet” or the “Company”) have adopted the following Global Procurement Diversity Policy (“Policy”). I. FACTSET’S POLICY FactSet is committed to developing mutually beneficial business relationships with a variety of suppliers, including minority-owned, women-owned, disability-owned, veteran-owned and/or LGBTQ+-owned business enterprises (“Diverse Suppliers”). The primary goal of this policy and FactSet’s Supplier Diversity Program is to provide greater access and opportunities to those diverse suppliers that meet the Company’s procurement and contractual standards. FactSet employees are encouraged to proactively identify and include Diverse Suppliers in the procurement process.Those that are competitively priced, that offer high-quality goods and services, and that satisfy our procurement and contractual standards should be included in our sourcing and procurement process. This policy reflects the Company’s desire to create an opportunity for Diverse Suppliers to market their products and services to FactSet and to encourage FactSet employees to offer opportunities to such suppliers. II. APPLICATION OF THE POLICY The Policy applies to all transactions to procure goods or services to which FactSet is a party, regardless of whether they have been drafted by FactSet or a third party, and provides socially- and economically-disadvantaged businesses with an equitable opportunity to compete as a supplier in acquisitions of goods and services conducted in bidding procedures, as referenced in the Global Procurement and Contracting Policy, to the extent that the opportunity is consistent with contract performance. III. POLICY FactSet encourages the use of Diverse Suppliers, including those with the designations noted in “Definitions” (see Appendix), for product and service purchases, provided that such suppliers demonstrate the ability to meet FactSet’s Contract requirements. Supplier Diversity. The Procurement function’s Supplier Diversity department will work in conjunction with key stakeholders to promote the participation of Diverse Suppliers in FactSet’s procurement process. Such coordinated activities include, but are not limited to: Attend, participate or support supplier events that to engage with and encourage participation with Diverse Suppliers;Educate Diverse Suppliers about the competitive bidding process and opportunities for obtaining Contracts;Promote consideration of Diverse Suppliers in the purchasing process;Ensure organization has access to supplier diversity classifications for competitive bidding process;Work with key stakeholders to prioritize spend categories, develop and publish diversity spend targets; Seek out certified Diverse Suppliers that can provide competitive, high-quality goods and services;Communicate the value of supplier diversity both internally and externally to all stakeholders; andReport supplier diversity data/information as required and to the extent permissible under applicable laws. To ensure equity and fairness, the formal competitive bidding process, as outlined in the Global Procurement and Contracting Policy, should include the consideration of Diverse Suppliers. Requisitioner shall consult with an appropriate Procurement representative to identify diverse supplier(s) for the required spend category. Procurement representatives may consult Workday to identify Diverse Suppliers with the noted diversity tags, as defined in the “Key Terms and Definitions” (see Appendix). IV. RELATED POLICIES AND PROCEDURES Supply Chain Code of ConductGlobal Procurement and Contracting PolicyCode of Business Conduct and Ethics V. GUIDANCE AND ASSISTANCE For questions regarding Workday, the workflow, or the approval hierarchy, contact the Senior Vice President of Finance, Procurement and Operations. For questions regarding identification of diverse suppliers, contact the Supplier Programs and Projects Manager. For questions regarding applicability of Purchase Orders, Bilateral Contracts, or the acceptability of vendor-provided purchase orders, Contracts, or terms, contact any member of the Legal Department. APPENDIX Key Terms and Definitions Contract - A legally binding and enforceable agreement between two or more parties stating the terms and conditions for an exchange of something of value (e.g., money, goods, or services) between the parties. A contract can be established by a written document, including email, letters, purchase orders and order confirmations. A contract can also be established by an oral agreement or a combination of oral agreements and written documents. A contract can also be established by the conduct of the parties. Diversity - Diversity encompasses the range of similarities and differences everyone brings to the workplace, including but not limited to national origin, language, race, color, disability, ethnicity, gender, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, socioeconomic status, veteran status, and family structures. Supplier Diversity - Supplier Diversity programs provide minority, women and what has since been classified as under-utilized small business owners, an opportunity to secure Contracts with government agencies, major companies, and corporations as qualified-small business suppliers. Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) - Minority group members are United States citizens who self-identify as Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, Black, Hispanic, and Native American. Ownership by minority individuals means the business is at least 51 percent owned by such individuals or, in the case of a publicly-owned business, at least 51% of the stock is owned by one or more such individuals (i.e.the management and daily operations are controlled by those minority group members). Woman Business Enterprise (WBE) – At least 51 percent owned, controlled, operated, and managed by a woman or women. This means one or more women must have unrestricted control of the business, a demonstrated management of day-to-day operations, and a proportionate investment of capital or expertise. 8(a) Economically Disadvantaged Small Business - Be at least 51 percent owned and controlled by U.S. citizens who are economically and socially disadvantaged. Have a personal net worth of $750 thousand or less, adjusted gross income of $350 thousand or less, and assets totaling $6 million or less. Owner manages day-to-day operations and also makes strategic policy of the business. Veteran-Owned Business Enterprise (VBE) - At least 51 percent owned, controlled operated, and managed by a veteran or veterans. The veteran or veterans must have full control over the day-to-day management, decision-making, and strategic policy of the business. Veteran-Disability Owned Business Enterprise (V-DOBE) - At least 51 percent owned, controlled, operated, and managed by a veteran, but disability was not incurred during their time of service. The veteran or veterans must have full control over the day-to-day management, decision-making, and strategic policy of the business. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDV-DOBE) - At least 51 percent owned and controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans. One or more service-disabled veterans manage day-to-day operations and make strategic policy of the business. Eligible veterans must have sustained their disability during their time of service. Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) - Be at least 51 percent owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, a Community Development Corporation, an agricultural cooperative, an Alaska Native corporation, a Native Hawaiian organization, or an Indian tribe. Have its principal office located in a HUBZone. have at least 35% of its employees living in a HUBZone. Disabled-Owned Business Enterprise (DOBE) – At least 51 percent owned, controlled, operated, and managed by a person or persons with a disability. The person or persons must have full control over the day-to-day management, decision-making, and strategic policy of the business. LGBT Business Enterprise (LGBTBE) - At least 51 percent owned, operated, managed, and controlled by an LGBT person or persons who are either U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents. Requisition - A request to purchase goods or services. The Requisition must include all data, specifications, and information necessary for the accurate identification of the requested good or service, as well as the required delivery date and location for delivery. Requisitioner - Any FactSet employee who requests procurement of a good or service via the requisition function in Workday. Supplier Diversity Policy The Federal Transparency in Coverage Rule This link leads to the machine readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed- amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine-readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data. The Federal Transparency in Coverage Rule Support +1.877.322.8738 Copyright © 2023 FactSet We use cookies to personalize content and ads and to analyze our traffic. Please click here for our Cookie Policy and for more information on what kinds of cookies we use. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners. Click here for our Privacy Policy . If you decline to the use of cookies, your information will not be tracked when you visit this website. Only a single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed