Your Privacy Monotype Imaging’s Commitment to Personal Information Protection At Monotype Imaging, we respect your right to privacy. Protecting the security and privacy of your personal information is important to us. We understand that as a visitor to our Site, you prefer to control your own personal information preferences and we give you the option to do so. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what personal information we may collect, how we use and safeguard that personal information and with whom we may share it. Stay in the loop: We use cookies to enable an improved browsing experience, and to share information with our marketing partners. By continuing to access the website, you agree that we will store data in a cookie as outlined in our Privacy Policy. Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Your Privacy When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Advertising Cookies Consent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts Select All Clear Filters Information storage and accessBold personalities & big ideas: Don’t miss an episode of our podcast. Listen and subscribe today! Monotype. Monotype. Fulltext search ENList additional actionsFontsMonotype Fonts The Monotype Library New releases Custom Type Design Monotype Fonts The Monotype Library New releases Custom Type Design See plans ProductsMonotype Fonts MyFonts MyFonts App Font Pairing Generator Automotive fonts solutions Streaming and gaming Printer imaging solutions M-Kit iType Spark WorldType Monotype APIs Documentation API exploration Monotype Fonts MyFonts MyFonts App Font Pairing Generator Automotive fonts solutions Streaming and gaming Printer imaging solutions M-Kit iType Spark WorldType Monotype APIs Documentation API exploration See all products StudioMeet the team Brand Type Assessment Type Modifications Custom Type Design Digital Discovery Global Expansion Library Navigation Logotype Services New releases Portfolio Case studies Meet the team Brand Type Assessment Type Modifications Custom Type Design Digital Discovery Global Expansion Library Navigation Logotype Services New releases Portfolio Case studies Learn more ResourcesExpertise Case studies eBooks and downloads Font stories On-demand videos Podcasts Webinars Expertise Case studies eBooks and downloads Font stories On-demand videos Podcasts Webinars PartnersAgency Partnership benefits Agency Partnership sign up Foundry Partnership Affiliate Partnership Agency Partnership benefits Agency Partnership sign up Foundry Partnership Affiliate Partnership Become a partner CompanyNews and Press Events Locations Careers Our Leadership Contact us News and Press Events Locations Careers Our Leadership Contact us Learn more ENList additional actionsFontsMonotype Fonts The Monotype Library New releases Custom Type Design Monotype Fonts The Monotype Library New releases Custom Type Design See plans ProductsMonotype Fonts MyFonts MyFonts App Font Pairing Generator Automotive fonts solutions Streaming and gaming Printer imaging solutions M-Kit iType Spark WorldType Monotype APIs Documentation API exploration Monotype Fonts MyFonts MyFonts App Font Pairing Generator Automotive fonts solutions Streaming and gaming Printer imaging solutions M-Kit iType Spark WorldType Monotype APIs Documentation API exploration See all products StudioMeet the team Brand Type Assessment Type Modifications Custom Type Design Digital Discovery Global Expansion Library Navigation Logotype Services New releases Portfolio Case studies Meet the team Brand Type Assessment Type Modifications Custom Type Design Digital Discovery Global Expansion Library Navigation Logotype Services New releases Portfolio Case studies Learn more ResourcesExpertise Case studies eBooks and downloads Font stories On-demand videos Podcasts Webinars Expertise Case studies eBooks and downloads Font stories On-demand videos Podcasts Webinars PartnersAgency Partnership benefits Agency Partnership sign up Foundry Partnership Affiliate Partnership Agency Partnership benefits Agency Partnership sign up Foundry Partnership Affiliate Partnership Become a partner CompanyNews and Press Events Locations Careers Our Leadership Contact us News and Press Events Locations Careers Our Leadership Contact us Learn more Breadcrumb Legal Privacy Policy Basic Page Menu Privacy Policy Statement Introduction Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal offices at 600 Unicorn Park Drive, Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 USA, and our subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide (collectively, “we”, “us” and/or “our”), make information, products and services available to you directly, on our websites (the “Site(s)”), through app stores, messaging or social network platforms, as well as through other means, all subject to the following Privacy Policy Statement (the “Privacy Statement”). Depending on the product or service you are using, one or more of the following policies will apply. The respective applicable privacy policy will be referenced in the Terms of Use that apply to the product of service. Individual Privacy Policies Our brand family. Stay inspired and informed. Sign up for our newsletter Footer Menu © 2023 Monotype Imaging Inc. We use cookies to enable an improved browsing experience, and to share information with our marketing partners. By continuing to access the website, you agree that we will store data in a cookie as outlined in our Privacy Policy.Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Your Privacy When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Functional CookiesFunctional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways Active Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting CookiesTargeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance CookiesPerformance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Advertising Cookies Consent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts Select All Clear Filters Information storage and access