Privacy policy By Adrien Lafond Updated on EnergyWise and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “EnergyWise” or “we”) manufacture, market, and sell electronic indoor air quality measuring Devices (the “Devices”) and provide additional features such as a website located at foobot.io (the “Site”), a mobile application, downloadable software, and a service to save energy (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains what kinds of information we collect, store, and use (the “Data”) when you use the Devices and the Services. This includes personally identifying information, i.e., information that can be reasonably linked to a specific individual or household (“Identifying Data”). If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@foobot.io. We are always working to improve the Devices and the Services to fulfill our goal of guiding you to better indoor air quality and save energy. As a result, this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. These changes will always be promptly reflected on the Site along with a “Last Updated” date, and we will do our best to notify you via email when these changes materially affect your rights under this Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you agree to allow us collect, store, and use Data as described below. WHAT DATA DOES ENERGYWISE COLLECT? When You Activate a Devices You may be asked to download the Foobot mobile application, update or install the latest Devices software, and/or create a user account. When You Create an Account When you create a user account using the Site or other Services (your “Account”), we collect personally identifying information, which may include your name, company name, phone number, postal address, email address, other online account credentials (for example, your LinkedIn login information), primary language, and location in your house or building where the Devices will be used. Creating an Account allows you to use all available functions of the Service; however, you do not have to create an Account to use the Devices with limited functionality. The energy saving service requires that you create an account. After You Have Created An Account After you have created your Account and used the Services for a period of time, we may ask you to answer additional survey-style questions to help improve and customize your experience and help us deliver more comprehensive indoor air quality or energy information to you. For example, we may ask how many people live in the location where you use the Devices or how large the location is, among other things. When you answer these questions, we collect this Data and store it with your other Account information. When You Connect the Devices to Your Account Once you have created your Account, you will link your Devices to your Account or allow others to link it with their accounts. When the Devices is connected to your Account, environmental data collected through the sensors in your Devices is transferred to our servers. These sensors collect data such as readings of volatile organic compounds (“VOC”), particulate matter (“PM”), temperature, and humidity. They can also detect when the Devices is moved. Through data analytics, we then use this environmental Data to draw certain conclusions about the Devices’s environment. For example, by analyzing Data collected by the Devices, we may determine that the Devices was placed near an open window or that cleaning products were recently used in the space where the Devices is located. These are assumptions made based on an analysis of the Data collected and are not guaranteed to be an accurate representation of what actually occurred in the space where the Devices is located. The Devices may also transmit certain log data to your Account and to the Services, such as the time Data is transmitted and the IP address from which it is transmitted. When Your Devices Encounters a Problem While our goal is to ensure that your Devices is operating properly at all times, we understand that at times the Devices may encounter an issue transmitting information, connecting to the Services, or collecting environmental Data. To continually improve your experience, when the Devices encounters a problem, a report may automatically be sent to us so that we can help troubleshoot any problem you may encounter. This report may contain information about your Devices model, serial number, software version, and other technical information. When You Contact Customer Service Our customer service team is always here to help. When you contact customer service, we may collect personally identifying information (name, email address, IP address, Devices information, Account information), product information (Devices model, serial number, software version) and any other information you may provide.When You Access the Site When you access the Site, we may use cookies and other technologies to improve the Site and your experience. Please consult our Cookies Policy for more information about our cookies management policy WHERE IS DATA STORED? We collect, process, and store your Data through our third-party service providers, which currently include Amazon, Google Analytics, Stripe, Shopify, Easyship, Gigya, PayPal and Mixpanel. We use industry-standard technical and administrative security methods to keep your Data secure while it is transmitted from your network to our cloud servers or the cloud servers of our third-party service providers. The Data is also subject to the security measures employed by our third-party service providers. Data may be collected, processed, and stored in the United States and other countries where our servers reside. Therefore, the Data may be subject to legal requirements in those juridictions including, but not limited to, requirements to disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities. Compliance with Data Protection Laws. With regard to any personal data processed by EnergyWise and his Third-party services in connection with this Agreement, EnergyWise and the Third-party services will respectively each be a controller in respect of such processing. EnergyWise and the Third-party services agree to comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Laws applicable to controllers in respect of the provision of their respective services and otherwise in connection with this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, EnergyWise and the Third-party services each have their own, independently determined privacy policies, notices and procedures for the personal data they hold and are each a data controller (and not joint data controllers). In complying with the Data Protection Laws, EnergyWise and the Third-party services shall, without limitation: implement and maintain at all times all appropriate security measures in relation to the processing of personal data;maintain a record of all processing activities carried out under this Agreement; andnot knowingly do anything or permit anything to be done which might lead to a breach by the other party of the Data Protection Laws. HOW IS DATA USED? We use the Data that we collect to provide you with the best experience possible, to develop new products and services, and to improve our existing products and services. We use the Data to provide predictive analytics to detect and analyze patterns and changes in indoor air pollution or energy consumption. We aggregate the Data to better understand the causes of indoor air pollution and energy consumption and ways to decrease them. The Data also helps us make technological improvements to the Devices and the Services. HOW IS IDENTIFYING DATA SHARED? We collect Identifying Data to provide the Services. This Identifying Data will never be shared for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to providing you with the Services without first obtaining your permission. This information includes your name, address, social media usernames, and other information that could reasonably be linked back to you. In the following limited situations, we may share Identifying Data: Third-Party Service Providers We use third-party service providers, such as credit card processors and data analytics providers, to provide some of the Services. These service providers are restricted from sharing your Identifying Data for any other purpose. Third-Party IoT service providers EnergyWise IoT Devices are able to communicate with IoT Service providers. To activate the link to those services, you may need to enter your Foobot.io username and password. No other information will be required from you unless clearly stated and asked when you want to link your Device to such services. Linked third-party services will be responsible to handle your private data in respect with data privacy régulations. Legal Requirements In some instances, we may be required to disclose Identifying Data to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process. In other instances, we may determine that disclosing your personally identifying information is necessary to prevent fraud, maintain the security of the Services, protect our legal rights, enforce the Terms of Service, or prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to an individual. Employees Our employees will have access to Identifying Data solely for use in connection with providing the Services to you. Business Transitions Your Identifying Data may be sold or transferred as part of the sale, merger, sale of assets, or reorganization of EnergyWise to the extent permitted by law. If this happens, we will request that our purchaser or successor treat all acquired Data as subject to the Privacy Policy in place at the time of its acquisition.Consent We may share Identifying Data with third parties in instances where you give your explicit consent. This includes instances where you opt in to receive information from third parties, such as newsletters and updates. HOW IS AGGREGATED DATA SHARED? We may share or sell aggregated or anonymized Data (the “Aggregated Data”) publicly and with third parties without your consent. The Aggregated Data is wholly owned by us and can be used without your further consent or offering compensation to you. For example, we may publish reports about indoor air quality and how it is impacted by one’s habits in the home. We may also share this information with other users, so that they can compare their Data with that of other users. When we share this information, we take industry-standard measures to ensure that the data does not identify you or your household. HOW LONG IS DATA STORED, AND HOW CAN IT BE REMOVED? Identifying Data: We will store your identifying data in our servers for a period of 5 years. After the data validity is expired, we will ask you to reassess your data if you want to continue to use our services. Third-party services will apply their own data retention policy, please consult their own Privacy Policy for more information. As customer you have the right to : Retrieve all the private data we hold about youDelete all the private data we hold about youModify all the private data we hold about youIn case some of your data are voluntarily shared by you on public website owned by EnergyWise, you have the right to be forgottenObject to processing, you have the right to object to the processing of your private data for the following goals: – Processing of your private data based on legitimate interests (eg. public interest) – Processing of your private data for purpose of scientific/historical resarch and statistics – Direct marketing (including profiling) To make use of those rights, please contact us using the same e-mail you registered by us, Asking us to Retrieve, Forget, Delete, Modify, Object to the use of your private data and sending it to : support@foobot.io, a response e-mail will be sent to you to confirm the action you want to perform and describes the procedure. In case of complain about the use of your private data, please contact-us directly at EnergyWise, 122 rue Amelot 75011 Paris Or by sending an email to our data privacy officer at DPO@foobot.io Aggregated Data We retain Aggregated Data indefinitely for purposes of data analysis. Because Aggregated Data cannot be directly linked to any specific user, it continues to exist even after you close your account and are not linked anymore to your account in that case. Declaration as regards EnergyWise cookies What are cookies? The cookies are small textual files which are recorded on the computer of the user when he visits a Web site. One distinguishes between the cookies permanent and temporary on the one hand, and between the cookies direct and indirect on the other hand. The cookies are permanent when they remain on the computer of the user, even after the closing of the browser; the temporary cookies disappear as soon as the user close the browser. The cookies direct are sent by the website even. The cookies indirect come as for them from third. Some of these cookies contains functional preferences such as the choice of language of the user. Other cookies are intended to allow the analysis of information like how many visits of a Web site. Others still are used with marketing goals. Which EnergyWise cookies uses and why? EnergyWise uses cookies for fine functional computing and analytical uses. These cookies are only used to improve the use of our site by the users. EnergyWise does not collect any personal data via these cookies. Cookies functional Cookies functional (permanent and direct) on the https://foobot.io/ site record the preferences indicated by the user (like the choice of the language) and recognize it when it turns over on the site. The cookies functional have the advantage of exempting the visitor of always having to indicate his preferences, which facilitates the use of the site. You can remove them via the parameters of the browser. See below to know how to make this change. Analytical cookies This Web site also uses Google Analytics, an abstracting service Web suggested by Google Inc.(« Google ») for statistics usages. Google Analytics uses cookies (as well temporary as permanent and direct) to analyze the use that the visitors make of the Web site https://foobot.io/ . The information generated by the cookies in connection with your use of the site https://foobot.io/ (whose your address IP, the moment of your visit, the type of browser used, the consulted pages and the download files) are collected by Google, which records them on waiters in the United States. Google uses this information to draw up reports on the activity of the site for EnergyWise.Google cannot communicate them to thirds, unless being obliged by the law. Google will not combine your address IP with other data at its disposal. By using the Web site https://foobot.io/ you authorize the data processing by Google and for purposes described. Google state to respect Safe Harbor principles, or principles of the sphere of security, and to conform to the program Safe Harbor of the department of the trade of the United States. If you wish that the data concerning your visit of the Web site shall not be communicated to Google Analytics, you can download and install the complementary Google module to browser for the desactivation of Google Analytics. For more information on the rules of confidentiality of Google Analytics, please consult the description of the rules of confidentiality of Google Analytics. To remove and disable the cookies Most browsers Internet are configured to accept the cookies automatically. The adjustments of the browser of your computer however enable you to remove the cookies already placed and to refuse the installation of cookies in the future. The method differs according to the browser. Consult if necessary the function of assistance of your browser. If you remove or refuse these cookies, it may be that you cannot benefit from all the possibilities of our Web site. Foobot drives energy performance in buildings with AI-driven software. Follow us on LinkedIn Resources Useful links Learn more Get access to our private content. Learn more about AI and energy performance Email Address Help us spread the word If you like your Foobot, there's nothing more valuable to us than you leaving us a honest testimonial.