Privacy and Security Hub At Forter we strive to be the trust platform for digital commerce. This means that we want to provide clear information about how we keep your information secure and respect your data privacy. This page outlines how Forter achieves those goals. Privacy Policy This is where you can learn more about the data that Forter collects, how we protect it, how we use it and your rights in relation to this data. Learn More Cookie Policy Forter uses cookies to make our site work and provide you with a better experience. This policy explains what cookies are, the types of cookies we use and how we manage them. Learn More Services Policy This policy describes the personal data that we collect from our merchant in connection with the services that we provide, and how we protect, use and transfer that data. Learn More Security At Forter security is core to everything we do. This page details how we safeguard your data. Learn More Transparency Report Forter is committed to protecting the privacy of our customer's data. Here you can find a report which details any legitimate law enforcement or government entity requests for data that Forter has received. Learn More FAQs Here are the answers to some of the most commonly asked questions about Forter’s privacy and security measures. Learn More Data Privacy Framework Statement As part of our ongoing commitment to privacy we have self-certified with the EU-US, UK-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Frameworks. You can read our Data Privacy Framework Statement here Data Privacy Framework Statement Terms of Use A description of the acceptable terms and conditions for any user visiting a forter website. Terms of Use Have further questions? Please contact us. Back to top ProductsRESOURCESCOMPANYCONTACT US1-800-537-0601 Forter Recognized as a Leader in Frost & Sullivan Radar Report for Fraud Detection & Prevention (KYU) Get the Frost & Sullivan Radar Report (KYU) for Free Forter Recognized as a Leader in Frost & Sullivan Radar Report for Fraud Detection & Prevention (KYU) for the Third Consecutive Year.