FOXTEL GROUP POLICY Your Privacy Foxtel and your privacy In order to provide you with the Foxtel service, we need to process information about you – we take this responsibility very seriously. Recently, we’ve made some changes to our Foxtel Group Privacy Policy to accurately reflect the way we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information. We want to be transparent with our customers about this, so please take the time to read through the policy and links below including the options you have to customise your own profile. Here’s a quick summary of the key changes we’ve made to our policy, effective 3 February 2021: Using and sharing your personal information with third party business partners. We may use your information to measure and improve our, and our related companies, affiliates and business partners, products and services by performing research and data analysis on your use of our services, such as measuring your interest in our content. We use third party analytics services and video measurement software to do this. See our Advertising Preferences and Opt-outs page on how to opt-out. We use your information, in some cases with information from third party sources, to derive customer insights about you. We use these insights to serve you better and personalise your experience with us and may share your information with third parties so they can do the same thing. Unless you have otherwise agreed, where the information is provided to others for their marketing purposes, it will not contain any information that personally identifies you. The use and disclosure by our related companies and News We may share your information within the Foxtel Group and with our related companies including News. They may use your information for similar purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy. You can ask us not to share your information with News by emailing privacy@foxtel.com.au . Enhancing the personalisation of our marketing to you We are constantly improving the personalisation of our marketing to you. We may personalise our marketing to you on third party sites or social media platforms by matching an anonymised common account identifier (such as a hashed email address) with these third parties. Delivering personalised third party advertising on our services We use your information to deliver personalised third party advertising to you on our services. We do this by matching information we hold about you with information we collect via various tracking technologies and software (such as cookies and device IDs). We may also personalise the advertising to you by matching information about you from third party sources by using an anonymised common account identifier (such as a hashed email address). Privacy Policy We want you to be aware of how we collect, use and disclose information about you. How we manage your information is set out in our Privacy Policy which is available on our Privacy Policy page . Opting Out If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from Foxtel, find out how you can opt out of direct marketing, and behaviourally targeted digital marketing on our Opt Outs page . Privacy Notice We collect information about you at various times, such as when you first become a customer, or if you enter a competition. The Privacy Notice sets out the types of information we collect, plus details when and how we may use that information. Credit Information In certain circumstances we may be a credit provider to you. For more information about how we collect and handle credit information please refer to our Privacy Policy page . Competition Privacy Notice When you enter our competitions we collect the personal information you provide. If you win one of our competitions we may collect further information from you. We may also be required by gaming and lottery legislation to collect some of your personal information.. Cookie Policy When you visit, access, or use our websites, mobile site or applications, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver and improve the relevant site, and to display relevant content, products, services and advertising.Bundles View all Bundles Platinum Plus Bundle Premium Bundle Premium & Netflix Bundle Foxtel Plus Bundle Foxtel Plus & Netflix Bundle Movies HD & Netflix Bundle Sports HD & Netflix Bundle Explore channel packs TV & Broadband Bundles Services Ways to watch Foxtel iQ 4K Ultra HD Foxtel Go Apps Available on Foxtel Foxtel Now Foxtel for Business Foxtel Rewards Discover Support Get support Getting started Using Foxtel My Subscription Billing and Account Troubleshooting Outages About Foxtel Contact us Financial Hardship support Account Manage account Pay bill Upgrade package MyFoxtel app Extras Trending The Idol And Just Like That The Real Housewives of NYC The Great Australian Bakeoff Warrior Mr Inbetween MAIN EVENT AFL NRL TV Shows & Movies Foxtel acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of Country throughout Australia. We pay our respects to all First Nations people and acknowledge Elders past and present. © 2023 Foxtel © 2023 Foxtel Chat to us now Need help? Live chat: Live Chat