Cookie Policy Contest Rules Privacy Policy Unsolicited Submissions Policy We're taking a different approach to privacy Privacy Policy Effective Date: August 10, 2023 In this Privacy Policy, we describe how fubo Media Inc. and its parent and affiliates, including but not limited to fuboTV, Inc. (“Fubo,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses your information. We also describe the rights and choices you have regarding our use of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect about users of Fubo’s websites, including but not limited to www.fubo.tv (“Sites”); Fubo mobile apps (the “Apps”); and other websites and mobile apps or services that are owned and operated by us that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, with the Site and Apps, the “Services”). Your use of the Services is subject to this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Service . To the extent we provide you notice on our Services of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use. Information collected through the Services is controlled by Fubo, which is headquartered in the United States. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. This Privacy Policy contains the following sections: The Information We CollectHow We Use Your InformationHow We Share and Disclose Your InformationCookies and Similar TechnologiesOnline Analytics and AdvertisingHow We Protect Your InformationRetention of Your InformationThird-Party Links and FeaturesYour Rights & Choices Regarding Your InformationAdditional Information for California ResidentsChildrenChanges to Our Privacy PolicyContact Information 1. Information We Collect We obtain a variety of information from and about you as you use the Services. Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide certain Services to you. If you do not provide us with certain information, or ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services. Information You Provide to Us We collect information directly from you through your use of our Services. For example, we collect information from you through: Your account registration and administering your account;Processing and fulfilling your requests;Your communications and dealings with us (including on our website and interactive chat function, mobile app, on third-party social media sites, and by mail or email);Your participation in promotions, surveys, or research;Your reviews, comments, and other posts to our Services; andYour requests for customer support and technical assistance. We will collect any information that you choose to provide to us. The information we and/or our service providers collect generally includes: Account Registration Information (including identifiers): For Services requiring an account, we collect account creation information. This includes your email, password, and zip code, and you may also register using third party single sign on credentials such as those for Apple, Google, and Facebook. These credentials are used to authenticate you for FuboTV, but we do not receive such credentials. Additional contact or profile information (including identifiers) : You may provide additional contact or profile information through the Services including, as applicable, a phone number, online screen name, profile name, additional profile names, and biographic information. You may also provide contact information of others (including email address or phone number) or give us permission to access your contacts in order to invite to the Services. Profile or preference information: You may provide team preferences, content ratings and preferences, favorite channels, and profile photos. Financial Information: To use certain of the Services or engage in certain transactions on the services, we collect additional information with account and verification information as necessary to complete those transactions, including contact information such as address or zip code, and credit or debit card information (which is processed by our third-party payment processors). Transactional or commercial information : We collect information about your activity and all transactions through your account, such as orders and purchases, packages or add-ons selected, and programming searched for, recorded and watched. Inquiries and Feedback : We collect comments and questions you submit through customer service interactions with us or surveys.Contests, Sweepstakes and Surveys : To participate in certain promotions on the Services, like contests, sweepstakes and surveys, we may collect separate registration information including your name, contact information (such as email address, mailing address, telephone number), demographic or profile information, and preferences related to the promotion (such as prize selection). User Generated Content : Certain parts of the Services may enable you to post or submit content or you to integrate with other services through which we may receive content. Such content may include reviews, ratings, photos or other content, that, depending on where you post them, may be publicly viewable. Audio Information : We may record customer service calls. FuboTV Partner Program Information : If you apply to participate in our FuboTV partner program, we collect application information, including contact information and company information. Information We Collect Through Automated Means When you use our Services, we collect certain information automatically as described in this section. We and our service providers may use a variety of technologies, including wi-fi detection, cookies, and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information. You can learn more about our use of cookies and similar tools in the Cookies and Similar Technologies section below. Location Information: We and our service providers collect your location information, including precise or near-precise geolocation for purposes of verifying whether you are eligible to participate in the Services, determining channels available to on FuboTV, to improve our location-based services, and to comply with our legal obligations. We obtain your location information by accessing your device’s GPS coordinates, through Wi-Fi detection, or through other location verification technology. If you turn off the location settings in your device or otherwise notify us in writing you withdraw such consent to collect precise location, you will not be able to access certain portions of the Services. Device information and related identifiers : When you use the Services, we and our service providers collect and analyze information such as your IP address, browser characteristics, device IDs and characteristics, platform type, advertising identifiers, operating system, identifiers to conduct measurement and analytics by data and market measurement firms on FuboTV or by FuboTV, and the state or country from which you accessed the Services. Usage information: When you use the Services, we and our service providers collect and analyze information about your usage activity such as referring and exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks, files you download, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those pages, content recorded on FuboTV, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services and upload or post content, error logs, language preferences, and other similar information. We and our service providers also may collect and combine diagnostic and usage information collected on our Services with other information about your online activities over time, including use of other devices, websites, or apps, if such services also use the same vendors. Information We Collect from Others Fubo Affiliates: We may obtain information about you from other Fubo services, including our affiliates. Other Companies in Connection with Providing the Services: We collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship (depending on what services you use) to provide the Services such as for FuboTV your TV or internet service provider, streaming providers, device providers, mobile carriers, companies who provide services to you and collect payment for Services for us, and voice assistant providers who enable voice command interaction with our Services. This information may include your searches and commands; authentication or activation information such as your email address or other contact information; device information such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers. Other third parties: We may also receive information from other third parties, including our business partners, including but not limited as applicable, sponsorship partners or customer referral marketing partners. We may also receive information from other third parties, such as marketers, consumer data resellers, researchers, and analysts. Social Media Entities : When you “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or other social media sites, we may collect some information from you including your name, e-mail address, and any comments or content you post relevant to us. We also collect your information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.If a friend invites you to use the Services, we may collect your contact information to provide such invitation, such as email address or mobile phone number. 2. How We Use Your Information We and our service providers use the information described above to accomplish the following business and operational purposes: Administer your account, including to process your registration, verify your identity and information (where applicable), and confirm your general location and eligibility to use the Services;process and track your transactions; Provide, manage, and improve the Services, including providing a seamless experience across platforms and devices;Provide you with updates and information about your transactions and the Services;Respond to your requests for information and provide you with more effective and efficient customer service, including through our interactive chat functions, including via text message with your permission to the extent required by law; Conduct internal business operations in support of our Services, such as auditing, security, resolving crashes, preventing fraud, invoicing and accounting, sales and marketing, analytics, and research and development;Contact you regarding our products, services, surveys, promotions, special events, newsletters, information, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you, including via text message with your permission to the extent required by law;Customize content, preferences, and advertising on or for the Services; Conduct promotions, contests, and surveys;Comply with legal and regulatory requirements, contractual obligations, and other legal process and procedures;Establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights and prevent fraud; andTake steps that we reasonably believe to be necessary to protect the safety, security, and rights of Fubo and our affiliates, its employees, service providers, and others. Please note that we may combine the information we collect through the Services with information that we collect automatically or receive from other sources and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also aggregate, de-identify, and/or anonymize any information collected through the Services in such a way that we cannot reasonably link information to you or your device. We may use such aggregate, de-identified, or anonymous information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes. 3. How We Disclose Your Information We and our service providers disclose information we collect from and about you for the following business and operational purposes listed below. Service Providers : We may provide access to or share your information with select third parties who perform services on our behalf, such as authentication or verification, location services, technical support, marketing, product content and features, advertising, analytics, research, customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, payment processing and order fulfillment, and professional services such as legal services, auditors and consultants. Affiliates and Subsidiaries : We provide access to or provide your information to current or future affiliates and subsidiaries. Measurement Companies : We disclose information about content you view on the Fubo TV Services to video measurement services such as Nielsen, as well as other analytics providers. Third Party Partners or Sponsors to Provide Co-Branded or Jointly Offered Products and Services . Some of our Services may from time-to-time partner with another brand or other third party, such as sports leagues, sports venues, and other entities, to offer services, products, events and promotions on a co-branded, sponsored, or cross-promotional basis. The information you provide in connection with such Services may be collected directly by, or shared with the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such services. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy. Other Third Parties, including Advertisers and Advertising Networks . We may also disclose to other third parties, including advertising networks and advertisers, sponsorship partners and customer referral marketing partners, including to better tailor our Services, and marketing and advertising on our Services and on third-party platforms. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy.Protection of Fubo and Others & Legal Compliance : We may access, retain and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with law (e.g., disclosure to regulators) or legal process (e.g., a subpoena or court order); (ii) enforce applicable terms or service or terms and conditions , this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (iv) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Fubo , its agents and affiliates, its users, and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. Business Transfers : We may buy, merge, or partner with other companies. In such transactions (including in contemplation of such transactions), information may be among the transferred assets. If a portion or all of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets. Other Users on the Services or Parties with Whom You Share Information or through which You Use the Services . The information you disclose to others on or through the Services will be shared with parties you allow to receive such information. If you connect or authenticate to our Services through a third party, information will go to that company. If the Services enable you to disclose information through social networking services (e.g., Facebook) or through integrations with other services (such as streaming partners for FuboTV) or links, the information you provide through such services (or enable to be collected by such service), will be shared with that service and its users in accordance with that service’s privacy policy and any settings you have on such service. If you post content on the Services, other users may see it. Your Consent : If you have consented to our disclosure of your information or direct us to disclose your information, we will do so consistent with your consent or direction. We may share or disclose such aggregate or anonymous information with any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors. 4. Cookies and Similar Technologies To collect the information in the “Information We Collect Through Automated Means” section above, we and our service providers use web server logs, cookies, tags, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies (“Cookies”). A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website, and it enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads, and/or email that are designed to: (i) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and email open rates; (ii) measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising; and (iii) access user cookies. Cookies are typically classified as either “session cookies,” which do not stay on your device after you close your browser or “persistent cookies,” which will usually remain on your device until you delete them or they expire. Sometimes cookies are placed by us (“First-Party Cookies”) and sometimes they are placed by others (“Third-Party Cookies”). Different cookies are used to perform different functions on our Services: Essential Cookies : Some cookies are essential to the Services and enable you to use the features of the Services and access secure areas of the Services. Without these cookies, we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using (for example, essential cookies store user log-in information so that you don’t have to re-enter it for each page you visit on our website). Functional Cookies : These cookies allow us to remember choices you make on our Services (such as your preferred language or the region you are in). Personalization Cookies : We also use cookies to change the way our Services behave or look in order to personalize your experience from information we infer from your behavior on our Services or information we may already know about you because, for example, you are a registered user.These cookies may be used to tailor the Services or the content, look, and feel delivered to you on subsequent sessions to our Services. For example, if you personalize webpages, or use specific parts of the Services, a cookie helps our webpage server recall your specific information. Analytics or Performance Cookies : We use our own cookies and/or third-party cookies to see how you use our Services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to the preferences of our customers and visitors. For example, cookies may be used to: maintain a consistent look and feel across our Services, track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our Services, track errors, and measure the effectiveness of our content. Advertising Cookies : These cookies record your visit to our Services, the pages you have visited, and the links you have clicked. They gather information about your browsing habits and remember that you have visited a website. We or our service providers may use this information to make advertisements more relevant to you. There are a number of ways you can manage what cookies are set on your devices. If you do not allow certain cookies to be installed, the Services may not be accessible to you and/or the performance or features of the Services may be compromised. See Online Analytics and Advertising for more information. 5. Online Analytics and Advertising Analytics We may use third-party web analytics services (such as those of Google Analytics) on our Services to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here . If you receive email from us, we may use certain analytics tools, such as tracking pixels, to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns. Online Advertising The Services may allow third-party advertising technologies to place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about you to assist in the delivery of relevant advertising about the Services on other websites you visit and other services you use. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control certain cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit Your Rights & Choices below or the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link , the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link , or Your Online Choices to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt-out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, visit the Google Ads Settings page . Please note that these opt-outs apply per device, so you will have to opt-out for each device through which you access our Services. If you opt out through these methods, you may still see advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. 6. How We Protect Your Information The data is we collect through the Services is stored on secure servers located in the United States. We take measures to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access. However, no method of transmission over the internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is absolutely secure. By using our Services, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to, through, or on our Services and that any such transmission is at your own risk. You are responsible for keeping your account information—and especially your login information—confidential. We ask you not to share your login credentials with anyone. 7. Retention of Information We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws. 8. Third-Party Links and Features The Services may contain links to third-party websites, third-party plug-ins (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter). If you choose to use these websites, plug-ins, or services, you may disclose your information not just to those third parties, but also to their users and the public more generally depending on how their services function. If you choose to use these services, we are not responsible for the content or practices of such third-party websites or services.The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party websites or services, and not this Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties. 9. Your Rights & Choices Regarding Your Information Marketing Communications If we send you marketing communications in your jurisdiction (based on our relationship with you, your consent, or applicable law), you may instruct us not to use your contact information to contact you by email, postal mail, or telephone call regarding products, services, promotions and special events that might appeal to your interests by contacting us using the information below. In commercial email messages, you can also opt-out by following the instructions located at the bottom of such emails. Please note that, regardless of your request, we may still use and share certain information as permitted by this Privacy Policy or as required by applicable law. For example, you may not opt-out of certain operational emails, such as those reflecting our relationship or transactions with you. To opt out of SMS messages from Fubo, please follow the directions in the applicable SMS Terms. Opt-out of Viewing Measurement by Nielsen On select platforms, FuboTV uses Nielsen’s proprietary tracking and measurement software to inform us and advertising service providers of the content consumption habits of our users to better serve their needs. You can read more about Nielsen at www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy and learn how to opt out. Accessing, Correcting or Deleting Your Information You may access or correct certain of your information in your account by logging into your account, changing your settings or by requesting access or changes by emailing us. You may request deletion of certain personal information maintained by us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your deletion request, but please note that we may be legally or otherwise required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). You can email us at privacy@fubo.tv detailing your privacy request. After we delete information, it may remain in back up for a certain time. We may also retain your information to prevent fraud or other unlawful activity or for similar purposes. You may have additional rights depending on your jurisdiction. Please see “Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions.” Privacy Rights Your local laws (such as those in the California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, or Utah) may permit you to exercise certain rights with respect to the information we collect from and about you. Please note that your rights vary depending upon your location, and that we may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity and verify your request before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you or to comply with a legal obligation. In some circumstances, if you still ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services. Depending on your location, local law may allow you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) to make certain requests related to your personal information, including that we: Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy.Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.Correct certain information we have about you. Delete certain personal information we have about you.Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. Applicable law may provide you with the right not to be discriminated for exercising your rights. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, or if you are an authorized agent making a request on a user’s behalf, please contact us at privacy@fubo.tv and include “Personal Data Request” in the subject line or click here. Do Not Sell or Share or Process Personal Information for Targeted Advertising (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah, and Virginia Residents only) California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah, and Virginia residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information.California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Such residents may also opt out of the sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising to them. Certain applicable laws broadly define sale to include allowing third parties to receive certain information such as cookies, IP address and/or browsing behavior in order to enable us to market our Services to you on other websites or apps or to serve you targeted advertisements on the services. Depending on what Services you use, we may share (and over the past 12 months may have shared) the following categories of information for such advertising purposes with advertising networks and advertisers and other third parties or allow such third parties to collect information including: identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; geolocation information, such as city; and inference data. In addition, we may provide some of your information, including contact information or identifiers along with your interests and/or activities on the Services and device identifiers, in a way that constitutes a sale to third parties and which his sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising, including but not limited to sponsorship partners, customer marketing referral partners, and other business partners, in order to improve the marketing messages you receive from us and them and to enhance the data they have about you for their own marketing purposes. If you (or, if applicable under law, your authorized agent) would like to opt out of our sale of sharing or processing of personal information for such purposes, you may do so by emailing us at privacy@fubotv.com to opt out for our streaming Services and as outlined at the following page for our website: Your Privacy Choices. You may still receive advertising, including ads based on data collect by Fubo on the Services. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to make your choices separately for our websites. Please note that if you have a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law for an opt out on our website. You must still email us as set forth above to opt out for our streaming Services. 10. Additional Information for California Residents Additional Information If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide you with some additional information. Under the CCPA, we are required to provide you with the “categories” of personal information (in addition to the specific pieces outlined above) we collect. Depending upon the types of services you use, the categories we collect are: Identifiers (such as name, address, email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage) demographic information (age); location information; user-generated content; inference data about you (e.g., the additional products and services we think you may be interested based on prior purchases or usage data); and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. Please see The Information We Collect for more information. We use the above categories of information that we collect from you and from Market Access Partners (if applicable), social media companies, researchers, consumer data resellers, and analytics partners in order to provide and manage the Services you request; to contact you; to analyze the use of our Services; to market our Services to you; for bug detection and error reporting; to audit consumer interactions on the Services; to protect the rights of the Fubo Services; for legal compliance; and with your consent. For more detail regarding the purposes for which we use information, please see How We Use Information for more information. Depending on the circumstances, we may disclose any of the above categories of information we collect with: business partners to provide you with services that you request; service providers; other parties, including government entities, when required by law or to protect our users and services; social media services pursuant to that service and your settings; and with your consent or in connection with a corporate transaction. In addition, we may share commercial information and financial data, including your payment information, with payment processors, and we share device information and identifiers and internet or other network or device activity with entities that provide content, advertising, and functionality.See How We Use Your Information and How We Disclose Your Information for more information. Financial Incentives (California Only) The Services may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free services, which may require the provision of personal information. Such opportunities may be a financial incentive under applicable law (each, an “Incentive”). When you participate in an Incentive, you agree to the terms of that Incentive. You can end your participation depending on the Incentive (e.g., by opting out of emails or discontinuing the service or notifying us). To the extent we can determine the value of your information, we consider the value we gain by providing you with the Incentive and a personalized experience and the expenses of the Incentive in order to develop an Incentive that is reasonably related to the costs. Data Retention We retain your information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect it, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We consider the nature and sensitivity of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests in determining how long to retain information. Different processing purposes may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you (or an authorized agent acting on your behalf) to make certain requests related to your personal information, please see Privacy Rights above. The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California residents may contact us at: 1 N Dearborn St, Suite 725, Chicago, IL 60602, Attention: General Counsel – Privacy. In the body of your request, you must include: “California Shine the Light Request”, your name, a current California address including, street address, city, state, and zip code, as well as sufficient information for us to determine if the law applies to you. You will need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident. We will not accept requests by telephone, email, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, which is why we describe a variety of opt-out mechanisms above. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals except as described herein. Learn more about Do Not Track . 11. Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child under 13 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us. 12. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the Services, so you should review the Privacy Policy periodically. You can know if the Privacy Policy has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the “Effective Date” at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use the Services, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy. 13. Contact Information If you wish to contact us regarding our information practices or in relation to this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@fubo.tv . FuboTV 1290 Avenue of Americas New York, NY 10014 Attention: General Counsel