Privacy Policy Language Effective date: March 3, 2023. Wildlife Studios is a mobile gaming company specializing in online, free-to-play games. We know that privacy is important to you, and also that not everyone has time to read a lengthy privacy policy. So, in addition to the formal legal disclosures, we’ve added clear and concise summaries to each section to help you better understand how we collect, use, process, and share your personal information, and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights. If you have any questions or concerns, you can contact Wildlife Studios at privacy@wildlifestudios.com . THE BOTTOM LINE: · We’re in the business of making great games. In addition to the information you give us directly, such as your username (and email address if you reach out to support), we also collect information about your device and how you play our games to make them better. Although we do have third-party ads in some of our games, you have control over what types of information our advertising partners can access. · Some of our games have social features, but we only use this social data to operate our service. We may need to look at the things you post, for instance, to enforce our Terms of Service or comply with our legal obligations. But we don’t use your chat history for advertising purposes. · We have special protections in place for kids. See our Children’s Privacy Policy for more info. 1. SCOPE AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY This policy covers your player data, wherever we may collect it. You should only use our services if you are OK with this policy, which we do update from time to time. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by Wildlife Studios (collectively “Wildlife Studios,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), including on our websites, mobile applications (“apps”), and other online or offline offerings. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read, our websites, apps, and other offerings are collectively referred to here as the “Services.” Changes to our Privacy Policy. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that if you continue to use our Services after we make changes, it will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy. 2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT Like most online mobile game developers, our apps collect information about you to make our games better. This includes the nickname you choose to show other players, as well as information we may collect automatically from your device, or from third-party services (like Facebook, Apple, or Google) you choose to connect with. The types of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our Services, and what the law may require. Generally speaking, we collect personal information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations. See below for more details on each type of information. A. Personal Information You Provide to Us Directly We do our best to only ask you for the information we need to run our games well. For example, if you want to engage with other players using voice chat for some games, we need to access your microphone. We may collect other information from you in other situations as well, like when you attend in-person events or sign up for optional promotions or programs (such as content partner programs). We may collect personal information that you provide to us. · Information Required to Play our Games . We may collect personal information when you first play one of our games, such as the nickname you choose to display to other players. Some of our games may also ask you your age. o Content Creator program : some of our games have “partner programs” or “content creator” programs where players can get exclusive in-game benefits and perks. To apply to be a partner, we collect your full name, channel name on YouTube and/or Twitch, primary and secondary channel links, email address, subscriber/follower count, player ID, age, and optional country/region information and Discord ID. Please review our Content Partner Privacy Policy for more details. · Interactive Features . We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., messaging and chat features, including chat audio, commenting functionalities, forums, blogs, and social media pages). Some games may request access to your microphone and/or photo library to enable certain optional social features. For example, some games include voice chat features, while other games may allow you to upload photos from your device to modify and share through our games.Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Please exercise caution before revealing any information that may identify you in the real world to other players. · Your Communications with Us . We may collect personal information, such as your name, email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter or loyalty/VIP program, interact with us at an in-person event such as a competition, conference, or trade show, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us. · Your Purchases . We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases using our Services, such as payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party platforms and processors such as Apple and Google: we do not collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but we may receive information associated with your purchases (e.g., your transaction history). · Surveys . We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, we may collect personal information from you in connection with the survey. · Sweepstakes or Contests . We may collect and share personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or contests that we offer, such as your address and shipping details if you win a prize. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information (such as full names) of sweepstakes and contest winners. · Job Applications . We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you respond to one of these postings, we may collect your personal information, such as your application, resume/CV, cover letter, and/or any other information you provide to us. Please see our Candidates Privacy Policy for more information. B. Personal Information Collected Automatically We also collect information from you indirectly when you interact with our Services. Information like your gameplay statistics and device information allow us to improve and personalize your experience, and to serve you more relevant ads. We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services. · Automatic Collection of Personal Information . We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers (e.g., IDFA/IDFV/AAID), browser or device information, approximate location (derived from IP address), and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services. o Crash Reports . If you provide crash reports (for example, through your device settings), then we may collect personal information related to such crash reports, including detailed diagnostic information about your device and the activities that led to the crash. · Cookies and Other Technologies (Cookie Policy) . We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services. o Cookies . Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience. o Pixel Tags/Web Beacons . A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a player has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories: · Required/Necessary . This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you to make use of our functionality; · Statistics-related . We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how individuals use our Services (see Analytics below); · Functionality and Performance-related .We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed; · Marketing-related . We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party digital properties. Some of the advertising Technologies we use include, but are not limited to Meta , Google , AppLovin , and their partners. Click each partner’s name for more information regarding their privacy practices, and contact us if you would like more information. See “ Your Privacy Choices and Rights ” below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies. · Analytics . We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services. These Technologies allow us to better understand how our digital Services are used and to continually improve and personalize our Services. Some of our analytics partners include: o Google Analytics . For more information about how Google uses your personal information (including for its own purposes, e.g., for profiling or linking it to other data), please visit Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy . To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click here . o LinkedIn Analytics . For more information about how LinkedIn uses your personal information, please visit LinkedIn Analytics’ Privacy Policy . To learn more about how to opt-out of LinkedIn’s use of your information, please click here . o Hotjar (Session Replay Analytics) . We use Hotjar’s session replay analytics services. This allows us to record and replay an individual’s interaction with the Services. For more information about how Hotjar uses your personal information, please visit the “Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site” section of Hotjar’s Privacy Policy . To learn more about how to opt-out of Hotjar’s use of your information, please click here . · Social Media Platforms . Our websites may contain social media buttons, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Instagram, YouTube, and Twitter, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs. These features may collect personal information such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. C. Personal Information Collected from Other Sources We might get more information about you from other places, like social media (if you use Facebook to log in to our games), or from other players, depending on the Services you use. Third-Party Services and Sources . We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site (such as Google or Facebook), we may collect personal information about you from that third-party application that you have made available via your privacy settings. Such information may include your profile picture and/or friends list, if you choose to share it. Referrals and Sharing Features . Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide personal information about your friends through our referral service. Third parties may also use the Services to upload personal information about you, including when they tag you. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email or WhatsApp message inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker). 3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Wildlife Studios uses your personal information to operate our business and make your gaming experience better and more personalized. For example, we use your information to monitor game performance, connect you with other players, personalize your game, provide technical support, deliver ads that are relevant to you, and conduct research to improve our games. Further, we use it to protect player safety, prevent fraud, and enforce our Terms of Service. We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below. A.Provide Our Services We use your information to fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as: · Managing your information and game progress; · Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; · Answering requests for customer or technical support; · Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes; · Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased; · Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and · Allowing you to register for events. B. Administrative Purposes We use your information for various administrative purposes, such as: · Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research, and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention; · Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; · Measuring interest and engagement in our Services; · Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads; · Improving, upgrading, or enhancing our Services; · Developing new products and services; · Ensuring internal quality control and safety; · Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy; · Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services; · Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities; · Sharing personal information with third parties as needed to provide the Services; · Enforcing our agreements and policies; and · Carrying out activities that are required to comply with our legal obligations. C. Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking. If you have any questions about our marketing practices, or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below. D. With Your Consent We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. E. Other Purposes We also use your personal information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law. · Automated Decision Making . We may engage in automated decision making, including profiling. For example, we may engage in automated decision making to personalize your gameplay or match you with players of a similar skill level. If we’re going to make a decision that will have a significant impact on you (such as your ability to access our games), we’ll make sure a human is involved, unless we’re required by law or you otherwise agree to the automated system. If you have questions about our automated decision making, you may contact us as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below. · De-identified and Aggregated Information . We may use personal information to create de-identified and/or aggregated information (for example, aggregate reports detailing the total number of players we have in a given jurisdiction). We may share these aggregated reports, including with third parties. 4. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We share your personal information with other individuals and entities to provide our Services to you. For example, we might share your information with our hosting providers, or with other players if you use our sharing features. We also share some of your information with our third-party ad partners (though you do have some control over this, see below .) We might also share your information as needed to protect you or others, or where we’re legally required to, such as if we receive a valid request from law enforcement or if we are involved in a corporate restructuring. A. Disclosures to Provide our Services The categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information are described below. · Service Providers . We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers and vendors that assist us with the provision of our Services. This includes service providers and vendors that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services. · Business Partners .We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested, or to jointly run contests or in-person events. We may also share your personal information with business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. · Affiliates . We may share information we collect with our affiliates for our administrative purposes, IT management, or for them to provide services to you or support and supplement the Services we provide. · Other Players or Third Parties You Share or Interact With . As described above in “ Personal Information We Collect ,” our Services may allow you to share personal information through your interactions with other players. · Advertising Partners . We may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering and measuring the effectiveness of personalized advertisements served to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” · APIs/SDKs . We may use third-party application program interfaces (“APIs”) and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. If you have additional questions about our use of third-party APIs/SDKs, please contact us as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below. B. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. C. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers If we are involved in an actual or proposed merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred in connection with such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. 5. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS You have the power to control your own information. In addition to the automated controls on your various devices, you can also exercise your data-related rights directly with us. For example, depending on the laws where you live, you may ask us to delete your information, to make changes to your information, or request a copy of your data in a portable format. If you would like to make any of these requests, or just want to know more about your rights, you can contact us by submitting a request using our webform , or reach out to us directly at privacy@wildlifestudios.com . Your Privacy Choices . The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below. · Email Communications . If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding our Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy). · Push Notifications . We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device. · Personalized Advertising . You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. In addition, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for Android , iOS and others . The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative , the Digital Advertising Alliance , the European Digital Advertising Alliance , and the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada . Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. · “Do Not Track” / “Global Privacy Control.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Additionally, some browsers or plug-ins use a “Global Privacy Control” (“GPC”), which you can learn more about at https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ . Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. However, if our site detects a GPC signal from your device, we will interpret it as a Do Not Sell request where required under applicable law, and we will also interpret it as a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising for residents of the European Economic Area, the UK, China and Brazil. Your Privacy Rights . In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: · Access Personal Information about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information. · Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information. · Request Deletion, Anonymization or Blocking of your personal information when processing is based on your consent or when processing is unnecessary, excessive or noncompliant. · Request Restriction of or Object to our processing of your personal information when processing is noncompliant. · Withdraw your Consent to our processing of your personal information. Please note that your withdrawal will only take effect for future processing, and will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal. If you refrain from providing personal information or withdraw your consent to processing, some features of our Service may not be available. · Request data portability and receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us. · Be informed about third parties with which your personal information has been shared. · Request the review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing if these decisions could affect your data subject rights. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request using our webform , or contact us as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. 6. RETENTION AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION In addition to only holding on your data for as long as we reasonably need to in order to operate our business, we also have internal processes and procedures to safeguard your data from unauthorized third parties. While we can’t promise 100% perfect security, and reserve the right to notify you in case of a breach (regardless of your email preferences), know that we are serious about protecting your data here at Wildlife Studios. We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or loss of personal information. By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail, or by sending an email to you. 7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS We are a global company, and distribute our games in more than 200 countries. For that reason, your information may be transferred to different countries, such as the United States or Brazil, for processing and storage purposes. Please be aware that the privacy laws in these locations may be different from the laws in your home country. But don't worry, we're dedicated to making sure your information stays protected, no matter where it's located.All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States, Brazil, or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. If we transfer personal information which originates in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to a country that has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection laws, one of the safeguards we may use to support such transfer is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses . For more information about the safeguards we use for international transfers of your personal information, please contact us as set forth in " Contact Us” below. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA, VIRGINIA, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, AND COLORADO Residents of certain US states have additional rights and require specific disclosures, which are outlined below. A. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND SHARE Depending on how you use our Services, the information we may have collected within the last twelve (12) months about you, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we have shared this information, are described in the table below. Category of Personal Information Collected by Wildlife Studios Category of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold And/or Shared Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, username, or other similar identifiers. Service providersOther players or third parties you share or interact withAdvertising partnersData analytics providersAdvertising partners and data analytics providers (online identifiers only) Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) A name, address. Service providersData analytics providers Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Age. Service providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providers Commercial information Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Service providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providers Internet or other electronic network activity Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Service providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providers Sensory data Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. Service providersOther players or third parties you share or interact withAdvertising partnersData analytics providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providers Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences. Service providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providersAdvertising partnersData analytics providers B. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for the purposes outlined in Use of Information above. Where required under applicable law, we will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we have collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without first providing you notice. C. SALES/SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Wildlife Studios does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age, as the term “sell” is commonly understood. That said, we may share information with third-party advertising partners for the purpose of promoting our Services as described above. You may limit such sharing by following the instructions found above in the section titled Your Privacy Choices and Rights > Your Privacy Choices > Cookies and Personalized Advertising, or by contacting us as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below. D. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES Subject to applicable law, if you are a resident of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, or Colorado, you may have the following rights: To Know and Access : to obtain a copy of the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. (Note that this right only applies to Personal Information relating to you, and not to any other player.) Deletion : to request that we delete your Personal Information. This right may be limited to the extent that we are permitted or required by applicable law to retain certain information.(Note that if you request deletion of your Personal Information, you may no longer be able to use or access the Services. If you decide to use or access the Services again, we may consider this a new account, and may collect Personal Information associated with that account in accordance with this Privacy Policy.) Opt-Out of “Sale” and Certain Sharing Practices : you have the right to opt-out of certain information sharing practices with third parties who do not act as our service providers. In some states, like California, this information sharing may qualify as a “share” or a “sale,” while in other states, like Virginia, this information sharing may qualify as “targeted advertising” (collectively, “personalized advertising”). If you wish to opt-out of personalized advertising, you can opt out of said sharing by using our webform , or by contacting us as set forth in “Contact Us” below . Correction : to request the correction of inaccurate Personal Information that we may have on file about you. Obtain additional details regarding our information practices : You may have the right to request disclosures regarding our information practices. (Note that this information is generally available in this Privacy Policy). We will not discriminate against you, in terms of price or services that we offer, if you exercise any of the rights listed above. Verification and Appeal Process : We are required by law to take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request. Please note that your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). If we are unable to process your request via you authenticating yourself on the Services, we may verify your request by asking for information sufficient to confirm your identity. Requests to exercise these rights may be granted in whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the request and as permitted by applicable law. Where required by applicable law, we will notify you if we reject your request, and notify you of the reasons we are unable to honor your request. If you are a resident of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut, you have the right to appeal a request we deny when we have verified your identity and still decline to honor your request. The process for that appeal will be sent to you separately if your request is denied. Authorized Agent : Depending on where you live, you may have the right to use an authorized agent on their behalf to exercise a privacy right discussed above. If you are an authorized agent acting on behalf of a player to communicate with us or to exercise a privacy right discussed above, you must be able to demonstrate that you have the requisite authorization to act on behalf of the player, and have sufficient access to that player’s laptop, desktop, or mobile device to exercise that player’s right digitally. If you are an authorized agent trying to exercise rights on behalf of one of our players, then you can make a request on the player’s behalf by contacting us as set forth below in the “ Contact Us ” section: Such requests must include the following information: (1) a written authorization from the consumer that includes the consumer’s full name, address, telephone number and valid email address used by the consumer to interact with us, that is signed by the consumer and clearly bestows upon the agent the proper authority; and (2) a certificate of good standing with your state of organization. Alternatively, an acting agent can provide a valid power of attorney signed by the consumer on the agent’s behalf and a valid email address used by the consumer to interact with us. The email address of the consumer will be used to separately verify the agent’s authority with the consumer. Refer-a-Friend, Promotions, and Similar Incentive Programs : We may offer referral programs, promotions such as sweepstakes, or other incentivized information collection programs. We may offer incentives to you such as discounts or promotional items or credit in connection with these programs, wherein you provide Personal Information regarding your friends or colleagues (such as their email address) and receive rewards when they sign up to use our Services. (The referred party may also receive rewards for signing up via your referral.) Alternatively, we may ask you to provide your Personal Information in exchange for a reward or participation in a promotion. These programs are entirely voluntary and allow us to grow our business and provide additional benefits to you. The value of your information to us depends on how you ultimately use our Services, whereas the value of the referred party’s information to us depends on whether the referred party ultimately uses our Services. Said value will be reflected in the incentive offered in connection with each program.You may withdraw from the incentives at any time. In order to withdraw from the financial incentive, please contact us as described in “ Contact Us” below. Shine the Light Disclosure : California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice that identifies the categories of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and provides contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like this information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information below. De-Identified Information . If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, except to comply with applicable law. Right for minors to remove posted content. Where required by law, California residents under the age of 18 may request to have their posted content or information removed from the publicly-viewable portions of the Services by contacting us directly as set forth in Contact Us below or logging into their account and removing the content or information using our self-service tools. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@wildlifestudios.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth in Contact Us below. 8. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION Although our apps are designed for a general audience, we take additional precautions in our games if we determine that they are targeted to children, such as including a neutral age-gate and disabling some features for kids. If you are a parent and have questions or concerns about your kids’ data, you can see our Children’s Privacy Policy , or just drop us a line directly. Protecting children’s privacy online is very important to us. Although our Services are designed for a general audience, we take additional steps to limit access to Services that appeal to children based on the player’s age, such as by disabling social media plug-ins, chat features, and certain types of no tification alerts. We also limit personal information collection and sharing to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal information to our site without your consent, or wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described in “ Contact Us ” below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, if applicable. 9. OTHER PROVISIONS Third-Party Websites/Applications. The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our players to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk. Supervisory Authority. If your personal information is subject to the applicable data protection laws of Australia, Brazil, the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or attorney general if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law: · Office of the Australian Information Commissioner Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD) EEA Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) 10. CONTACT US Wildlife Studios is the controller of the personal information we process under this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please submit a request using our webform , or contact us at: Wildlife Studios privacy@wildlifestudios.com v6 (March, 2021) 7/25/2023, 5:27:16 PM Did you find this helpful?17366 of 26093 users who found this helpful. Email I have read and accepted the Read the Privacy Policy . Unleash your potential and explore the future with us. #WeAreWildlife © 2023 Wildlife All rights reserved. All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. Control your privacy We store cookies on your computer to improve your experience. If you decline, your information will not be tracked. Please check our Privacy Policy for more information. My options Developed by AdOptChoose a category Overview Overview Terms of Service Language Terms of Service Last update: August 10, 2022. Welcome to the Wildlife Studios Terms of Service (“ Terms ”). This is a legal agreement between you and Wildlife Studios Limited, an Irish corporation (“ Wildlife ”), regarding the Services you use from us. “ Services ” means collectively, and sometimes individually, the following: (a) each of our Games, and (b) any websites, software or other services we provide with or in support of a Game, whether or not they are installed or used on a computer, console, or a mobile device. “Game” means our game that you download and access that is subject to these Terms, regardless of where you download and/or access it, and any documentation, software, updates, Virtual Goods and Content (each defined below) included in it. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING ARBITRATION FOR USERS IN THE US ONLY: WHEN YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU ARE AGREEING (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND US THROUGH BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT. PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY SECTION 19 “DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW” BELOW FOR DETAILS REGARDING ARBITRATION (INCLUDING THE PROCEDURE TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION). THESE TERMS ALSO INCLUDE A WAIVER OF RIGHTS BY YOU TO BRING A CLASS ACTION AGAINST US AND A LIMITATION ON DAMAGES THAT YOU CAN COLLECT FROM US THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. 1. Defined Terms You’ll notice some capitalized terms in these Terms. They’re called “defined terms,” and we use them so we don’t have to repeat the same language again and again, and to make sure that the use of these terms is consistent throughout the Terms. We’ve included the defined terms throughout because we want it to be easy for you to read them in context. 2. Additional Terms Some Services may be available (or only available) through accessing (or downloading from) a third-party platform or store, including but not limited to the Steam game platform, the Google Play Store, and Apple App Store (each, an “ App Store ”). Your use of the Services is also governed by any applicable agreements you have with any App Store (the “ App Store Agreement(s) ”). In the event of a conflict between any other App Store Agreement(s), from which you acquire one of our Games, and these Terms with respect to your use of the Services, including our Games, these Terms will take priority. The collection of information from you and related to the Services (whether obtained through an App Store or not) is governed by our Privacy Policy at https://wildlifestudios.com/privacy-policy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose information that we collect from and about you. 3. Eligibility and Registration Age . You must be at least 13 years old (or such other minimum age as is applicable in the jurisdiction you live in) to create a Game Account (as defined below) or use or access any of our Services. If you are at least the relevant minimum age but are not legally considered an adult in your jurisdiction, you must ask one of your parents (or legal guardians) to read these Terms and accept it on your behalf, and to create a Game Account. Parents and guardians are responsible for the acts of their minor children when using a Game Account they created, or any of our Services, and if you are a parent or guardian accepting these Terms, you understand and agree that you will be responsible for all uses of the Game Account and our Services by your minor child whether or not you authorized such uses. You may not create or use a Game Account, or use or access any of our Services on behalf of a legal entity or for a commercial purpose. Account Creation . To access parts of a Game, you may need to create an in-game account (your “ Game Account ”). Your Game Account, if applicable, is separate from any account you may have with any App Store (your “ App Store Account ”). You may be able to create your Game Account using an existing account you have with us or your email address. To the extent you create your Game Account through the use of a third-party account (for example, your account with Facebook or Google), we may access certain personal information that the third-party provides to us such as your email address and name to help create your Game Account. Further information about use of third-party accounts is provided in the Privacy Policy at https://wildlifestudios.com/privacy-policy . Keep Your Information Current . It’s important that you provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information for your Game Account and you agree to update such information to keep it that way. If you don’t, we may suspend or terminate your Game Account. You agree that you will not disclose your Game Account password to anyone and will notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Game Account.You are responsible for all activities that occur under your Game Account, whether or not you know about them. If you believe that your Game Account is no longer secure, then you must immediately notify us at https://wildlifestudios.com/contact/ . No Account Sharing. You may not sell, rent, lease, share or provide access to your Game Account to anyone else. We reserve all available legal rights and remedies to prevent unauthorized use of our Services, including, but not limited to, technological barriers, IP mapping, and, in serious cases, directly contacting your Internet Service Provider (ISP) regarding such unauthorized use. No False Accounts. You may not create a Game Account for anyone else or create a Game Account in a name other than your own. 4. License (a) License Grant . So long as you comply with these Terms and, as applicable, the App Store Agreement(s), we grant you the following license: a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited right and license to (i) download and install the Game on the device permitted by the App Store Agreement(s) (if applicable), and (ii) access and use the Services, including any Content, for your personal entertainment purposes leveraging only the functionality of the Game and Services. We and our licensors reserve all rights not granted to you in these Terms. “ Content ” means all artwork, titles, themes, objects, characters, names, dialogue, catch phrases, stories, animation, concepts, sounds, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, musical compositions, Virtual Goods (defined in Section 7) and any other content within the Services. Content also includes anything generated, created, or that is otherwise developed within the Services by any user (including you) as a result of interaction with the functionality of the Services and you agree that all intellectual property rights in any such Content will vest in us or otherwise be assigned by you to us upon creation. (b) Content You Create Outside the Services . “ User Content ” means any Content that you (or other Game Account holders) create or obtain outside the Services that you or another user makes available within the Services. Please note that, if Content is created within the Services, it is not User Content; only Content created or obtained from outside the Services that a user then makes available within the Services is User Content. By making any User Content available through the Services you hereby grant to us the following license: a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your User Content in connection with operating and providing the Services and Content to you and to other users of the Services. Except to the extent prohibited by law, you waive the benefit of any “moral rights” or “droit moral” or similar rights in any country to any User Content. (c) Service Limits Based on Where You Live .We may restrict, modify, or limit your access to and use of certain Content, Virtual Goods, an entire Game, or any or all of the Services depending on the territory in which you are located. (d) Retail Purchase . We may offer codes or product keys that can be activated in a Game or used to activate a Game on the App Store. Such codes or keys must be purchased (or otherwise obtained legally) through us or one of our authorized retailers to be valid. If you purchase such a code or key from a third party, that third party is responsible for addressing any issues you have with these codes or keys. Subject to applicable law, we will have no responsibility for these codes or keys purchased from any third party. 5.License Restrictions You agree not to do any of the following with respect to the Services: (a) use them commercially, for a promotional purpose, or for the benefit of any third-party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms; (b) use, or provide, any unauthorized third-party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication between the Services and Wildlife or that collect information about the Game; (c) use, or provide ancillary offerings to anyone, that are not offered within the Services by us (or the functionality of the App Store), such as hosting, “leveling” services, mirroring our servers, matchmaking, emulation, communication redirects, mods, hacks, cheats, bots (or any other automated control), trainers and automation programs that interact with the Services in any way, tunneling, third-party program add-ons, and any interference with online or network play; (d) access or use them on more than one device at the same time; (e) copy, reproduce, distribute, display, mirror, frame or use them (or any of our other materials, intellectual property, or proprietary information) in a way that is not expressly authorized in these Terms or as permitted by applicable law; (f) sell, rent, lease, license, distribute, or otherwise transfer the Services, Game or any Content, including, without limitation, Virtual Goods or Game Currency, including participating in or operating so called “secondary markets” for Virtual Goods, Game Currency or Content; (g) attempt to reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, adapt, translate, datamine, decompile, or disassemble or make derivative works based upon the Services or any Content, except as otherwise permitted by applicable local law; (h) remove, disable, circumvent, or modify any technological measure we implement to protect them or any of their associated intellectual property; (i) create, develop, distribute, or use any unauthorized software programs to gain advantage in any online or other game modes or otherwise Cheat (as defined below); (j) violate any applicable law or regulation; (k) attempt to probe, scan or test its vulnerability or breach any security or authentication measures; (l) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services; (m) behave in a manner which is detrimental to the enjoyment of the Services by other users as intended by us, in our sole judgment, including, without limitation, harassment, use of abusive or offensive language, game abandonment, game sabotage, spamming, social engineering, or scamming, or contrary to public morals or public policy; (n) upload, publish, submit or transmit any User Content or engage in any behavior that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third-party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, contractual rights, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (iii) is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive, including “trolling;” (iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (vi) is violent, bullying, or threatening or promotes violence, terrorism, or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances; (viii) harms or attempts to harm minors in any way; (o) interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services or any of its users; (p) collect or store any information that could be used to identify an individual, either itself or combined with other information, from the Services from other users of the Services without their express permission; (q) trespass, or attempt to gain access to a property or location where you do not have permission to be or engage in any activity that may result in injury, death, property damage, nuisance or other liability; (r) impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; (s) use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence, whether to circumvent geographical restrictions on the Services or for any other purpose; (t) play on another person’s Game Account to “boost” that Game Account’s status, level or rank; (u) use the Services in any way that would affect us adversely or reflect negatively on us or the Services or discourage any person from using all or any portion of the features of the Services; or (v) encourage or enable anyone else to do any of the foregoing.6. Ownership of the Services We and our affiliates and licensors own all title, ownership and intellectual property rights in the Services. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services. You understand and agree that you have no ownership interest in the Services or any Games or Content therein. The Services (and particularly our Games) may have built-in mechanisms designed to prevent granting one user an unfair advantage over other users (these actions are “ Cheating ” and the software is the “ Cheat Detection Software ”). We may add or update our Cheat Detection Software periodically as we may require in our sole discretion. The Services and/or the Cheat Detection Software may collect and transmit details about your Game Account, gameplay, and unauthorized programs or processes in connection with Cheating, subject to our Privacy Policy and applicable law. In the event that we in our sole discretion conclude that you are Cheating, you agree that we may exercise any or all of our rights under these Terms, including termination of these Terms and your access to our Services. In addition if you Cheat in one Game or Service, we may terminate your license to use all of our Games and Services. Although we are not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating and publishing the Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms, to protect the health or safety of anyone that we believe may be threatened, to protect our legal rights and remedies, to report a crime or offensive behavior, or to comply with applicable law. We may (but don’t have to) remove or disable access to any Content, at any time and without notice. We may (but don’t have to) investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services. 7. Virtual Goods, Game Currency, and Subscriptions (a) Purchasing or Obtaining Virtual Goods and Game Currency . We may offer certain upgrades and options within our Games that you can buy with real world currency, including, but not limited to, in-game currency (“ Game Currency ”), character skins, mounts and vehicles, digital cards, experience boosts, gear and other customizations for your in-Game characters, and other such digital add-on items that may improve your Game experience in some way (“ Virtual Goods ”). Except as otherwise communicated to you within the functionality of the Game, Game Currency and Virtual Goods are not transferable from one Game to another. You may also be able to obtain certain Virtual Goods and Game Currency without purchase, such as an in-Game award. When you purchase Game Currency, Virtual Goods, or a Game itself (each, a “ Transaction ”), your purchase will be made through the functionality available through the App Store or other platforms we make available to you. Prior to making a Transaction, you should make sure you fully understand the agreement that covers your Transaction, whether that agreement is an App Store Agreement or another payment platform agreement (like a third-party payment processor’s terms). There may be limits to the quantity and number of times you can purchase Virtual Goods, Game Currency, or other aspects of your Transaction. For example, there may be a maximum amount of Game Currency you are able to hold (in-Game) or purchase at a given time, or a maximum number of Transactions you may make per day; these additional restrictions may be communicated to you via the functionality of the Services. We may, from time to time, modify, amend, or supplement our fees, billing methods and terms applicable to Game Currency, Virtual Goods or to any purchases, and post those changes in these Terms, in separate terms and conditions or in other terms or agreements posted on the applicable website or as part of the Game or otherwise provided to you by us. Such modifications, amendments, supplements or terms shall be effective immediately upon posting and shall be incorporated by reference into these Terms. If any change is unacceptable to you, you may terminate the use of your Game Account at any time. (b) Your License to Virtual Goods and Game Currency . Virtual Goods and Game Currency are digital items and your use of them is governed by these Terms and the App Store Agreement(s). VIRTUAL GOODS AND GAME CURRENCY HAVE NO MONETARY VALUE AND CANNOT BE REDEEMED FOR CASH. VIRTUAL GOODS AND GAME CURRENCY ARE NON-TRANSFERABLE AND NON-TRADABLE, IN WHOLE OR PART, AND ARE NOT PROVIDED FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES.Provided you comply with the terms of these Terms and the App Store Agreement(s), we grant you the following license: a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited right and license to use any Virtual Goods or Game Currency you gain access to, whether purchased or otherwise obtained, solely in connection with your use of the Game in question and within the Game (unless we otherwise communicate to you that you may use them in multiple Games) and for no other purpose. Unless, expressly permitted by us in a specific Game, you may not trade any such Virtual Good or Game Currency with others. We may cancel, revoke, or otherwise prevent the use of Virtual Good or Game Currency if we suspect any unauthorized or fraudulent activity, and/or to correct any erroneous application of any Virtual Goods or Game Currency to your Account. (c) Changes to Game Currency and Virtual Goods. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, we, in our sole discretion, may modify, substitute, replace, suspend, cancel or eliminate any Game Currency or Virtual Goods, including your ability to access or use Game Currency or Virtual Goods, without notice or liability to you. YOU AGREE THAT YOU WON’T ASSERT OR BRING ANY CLAIM AGAINST US, OUR AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR LICENSORS (THE “ WILDLIFE PARTIES ”) RELATING TO (A) A CLAIM THAT YOU HAVE A PROPRIETARY INTEREST IN ANY GAME CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL GOODS; OR (B) A CLAIM FOR AN ALLEGED MONETARY VALUE OF GAME CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL GOODS LOST UPON (I) DELETION OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR ACCOUNT, (II) ADJUSTMENTS TO THE GAME THAT RESULT IN THE VALUE OF VIRTUAL GOODS OR GAME CURRENCY CHANGING, OR (III) MODIFICATION, TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THESE TERMS. (d) Subscriptions . Although certain features of a Game or the Services may be available at no charge, other features and/or content may only be available via a subscription plan (“ Subscription ”). Subscriptions, if offered, give full access to all the Subscription features as long as Subscription is active. If you purchase a Subscription, you must ensure all the information that you submit is true and accurate (including, without limitation, your credit/debit card number and expiration date, and other payment details) and that you have appropriate parental or guardian consent if you are under 18 years of age. You agree to pay all Subscription fees specified when you apply including all applicable taxes. If you choose a recurring Subscription for a Game, you acknowledge that payments will be processed automatically (e.g., charged to your credit card) until you cancel the Subscription or your Game Account. (e) Free Trial . From time to time, Wildlife may offer a free trial for a Subscription. You may need to opt-into a Subscription in order to access it during the trial period. If so, and subject to applicable law, you will have the right to opt-out at any time during the trial period until at least 24 hours prior to the end of the trial period and you will be automatically charged after the trial period unless you opt-out at least 24 hours prior to the end of your trial period. Additional terms and conditions may apply with respect to free trials which will be communicated to you by Wildlife. (f) Subscription Cancellation . At any time, subject to applicable law, you can cancel the auto-renewal of your Subscription by going to the settings of your account or App Store Account after your purchase. If you cancel the auto-renewal of your Subscription, it shall remain active until the then current Subscription period has lapsed. Subject to applicable law, please note that you will not get a refund for any remaining period of a Subscription and when your Subscription has lapsed, you may lose access to the application and its content. 8. Refunds (a) Subject to applicable law, (i) all Games, Virtual Goods and Game Currency remain our property, have no monetary value and are not redeemable, refundable, or eligible for any other alternate remedy for any “real world” money or anything of monetary value, unless they are defective, unavailable, or do not perform in accordance with the specifications we provide; and (ii) we may revoke your license to such Games, Virtual Goods and/or Game Currency at any time consistent with these Terms without notice or liability to you.(b) Some countries, states, provinces or other jurisdictions provide a statutory right to withdraw from an agreement to purchase digital content within a defined cancellation or ‘cooling-off’ period. By using any Games, Virtual Goods and/or Game Currency during this cancellation period, you hereby waive any statutory right you may have to withdraw from your agreement to purchase the applicable Game, Virtual and/or Game Currency and you agree that you will therefore not be eligible to receive a refund (or any alternative remedy) in relation to such Game, Virtual Good and/or Game Currency. Where applicable law does not permit you to waive your right to so withdraw, you hereby agree that such withdrawal right expires immediately upon use of your Game, Virtual Good and/or Game Currency, as permitted by applicable law. 9. Accessing a Game from an App Store Where a Game is made available to you via an App Store (like the Apple App Store or Google Play Store) you acknowledge and agree that: These Terms are between you and us, not the App Store, and we (not the App Store), are solely responsible for the Game. · The App Store has no obligation to provide any Game maintenance or support. · If the Game cannot meet its warranties (if any), you can contact the App Store and they will refund you the purchase price of the Game (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Store will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Game. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be our sole responsibility. · Except as stated above, the App Store is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third-party relating to the Game or your possession and use of the Game, including, without limitation: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Game fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. · In the event of any third-party claim that the Game or your possession and use of the Game infringes that third-party’s intellectual property rights, we will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms. · The App Store, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of these Terms, the App Store will have the right to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. · You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. · You must also comply with all applicable third-party terms of service when using the Game. 10. Feedback We welcome your feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“ Feedback ”). You can submit Feedback by contacting us at https://wildlifestudios.com/contact/ or via the functionality of the Services (if available). If you provide us with any Feedback, you hereby grant us the following license: a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute copies of, publicly perform, publicly display and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose and in any country. If you have rights in the Feedback that cannot be licensed to us under applicable law (such as moral and other personal rights), you hereby waive and agree not to assert those rights. You understand and agree that you are freely giving your Feedback, that we don’t have to use it, and that you will not be compensated in any way for your Feedback. You represent and warrant that you have rights in any Feedback that you provide to us sufficient to grant us and other affected parties the rights described above, including, without limitation, intellectual property rights or rights of publicity or privacy. 11. DMCA/Copyright Policy We respect copyright law and expect our users to do the same. It’s our policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances Game Accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. 12. Third Party Websites and Resources The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites.You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources. 13. Data Charges and Mobile Devices You are responsible for all data-related charges that you may incur for using our Services, including, without limitation, mobile, text-messaging, and data charges. You should understand or ask your service provider what charges you may incur before using the Services 14. Service and Terms Modifications We may (but don’t have to) update these Terms at any time whenever we think there is a need. If we do so, you will be prompted to agree to the updated Terms upon your next access to the Services or when the updated Terms are otherwise communicated to you. You must agree to these updates to continue using the Services. We may provide patches, updates, or upgrades to the Services that must be installed in order for you to continue to use the Services. We may update the Services remotely without notifying you, and you hereby consent to us applying such patches, updates, and upgrades. If your device can prevent automatic updates, you may not be able to access the Services until you manually update the Services yourself on your device. We may modify, suspend, discontinue, substitute, replace, or limit your access to any aspect of the Services at any time. Subject to applicable law, you acknowledge that any character data, game progress, game customization or other data related to your use of any particular Game and other elements unique to the Services may cease to be available to you at any time without notice from us, including, without limitation, after a patch, update, or upgrade is applied by us. You agree that we do not have any maintenance or support obligations with respect to the Services. Subject to applicable law, we may change the price of the Services, Games, Virtual Goods, Game Currency, Subscription, or Content, at any time, for any reason, without notice or liability to you. 15. Warranty Disclaimers TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND THE WILDLIFE PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE WILDLIFE PARTIES EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. The Wildlife Parties make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, virus-free or error-free basis. The Wildlife Parties make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of the Services. 16. Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW THE WILDLIFE PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY: (a) LOSS OF PROFITS, (b) LOST REVENUE, (c) LOST SAVINGS, (d) LOSS OF DATA, OR (e) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, OR THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE OR LACK OF FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF ONE OF A WILDLIFE PARTY’S FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, INDEMNITY, PRODUCT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF THAT WILDLIFE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE WILDLIFE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED: (A) THE TOTAL AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID (IF ANY) OR ARE PAYABLE BY YOU TO US FOR THE PARTICULAR GAME OR SERVICE IN QUESTION DURING THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY; OR (B) IF (A) DOES NOT APPLY, FIFTY DOLLARS ($50 USD). THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REGARDING DAMAGES APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS TO PROVIDE ADEQUATE COMPENSATION AND ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND US. Notwithstanding the foregoing, some countries, states, provinces or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability as stated above, so the above terms may not apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing exclusions and limitations will apply to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions. Also, you may have additional legal rights in your jurisdiction, and nothing in these Terms will prejudice such rights that you may have as a consumer of the Services.17. Indemnity You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the Wildlife Parties and their employees, officers, directors, agents, contractors, and other representatives harmless from all claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, costs, and expert witnesses’ fees) that arise out of or in any way are connected with: (a) your access to or use of the Services; or (b) any claim that, if true, would constitute a breach by you of these Terms. You agree to reimburse us for any payments made or loss suffered by us, whether in a court judgment or settlement, based on any matter covered by this Section 17. 18. Termination We may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Services, including any Game, Virtual Goods, and Content, with no liability, on reasonable notice to you in the event that (a) we cease providing the Game to similarly situated users generally; (b) you breach these Terms (including the App Store Agreement(s) and our other policies specified in these Terms); (c) the owner of the applicable App Store terminates your App Store Account; or (d) we otherwise deem it necessary to terminate these Terms in our sole discretion, for any reason. You may also terminate these Terms by deleting and uninstalling the applicable Game on any and all of your devices or by deleting your App Store Account. Upon any termination of these Terms, the rights granted to you will automatically terminate, you may no longer exercise any of those rights or these Terms. Subject to applicable law, we may, in our sole discretion, provide continued access to and use of the Services prior to such termination. Where required by applicable law, termination of these Terms does not require a court decision to effect termination or a notice served by a court bailiff as a prerequisite to termination. Except to the extent required by law, all payments and fees are non-refundable under all circumstances, regardless of whether or not these Terms has been terminated. The following sections will survive termination of these Terms: 6 (first two sentences only), 10, 16, 17, 19 through 23, and this sentence of Section 18. 19. Dispute Resolution and Governing Law – United States This section applies if you are accessing, using, or have purchased the Services in the United States. (a) Governing Law and Forum Choice . These Terms and any action related thereto including but not limited to any dispute, controversy, difference, or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Game, or any related service, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to these Terms, the App, or any related service (collectively, “ Disputes ”) will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Section 19, the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and we are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and you and we each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. (b) Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes . We each agree that any Dispute will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. You and we agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and that you and we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms. (c) Location of Arbitration . If you are a resident of the United States, any arbitration will take place in your county of residence, to the exclusion of all other venues. (d) Exceptions . As limited exceptions to Section 19(b) above, the following Disputes can be resolved in court and need not be resolved through arbitration: (i) any Dispute that can be resolved in small claims court (if it qualifies); and (ii) any Dispute involving the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. (e) Opt-out . You have the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Disputeif you provide us with written notice of your desire to do soby email at our Support Email Address within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to these Terms. (f) Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules . The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“ AAA ”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “ AAA Rules ”) then in effect, except as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org . If your claim is for U.S. $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds U.S. $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement. (g) Arbitration Costs . Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. We’ll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law. (h) Class Action Waiver . YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, if the parties’ dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution (Section 19) shall be null and void. (i) Effect of Changes on Arbitration . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 14 above, if we change any of the terms of this Section 19 after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to our Support Email Address) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of our notice to you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and us in accordance with the terms of this Section 19 “Dispute Resolution and Governing Law” as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms). (j) Severability . With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 19(h) above, if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of these Terms will still apply. 20. Dispute Resolution and Governing Law – Outside the United States This section applies if you are accessing, using, or have purchased the Services outside of the United States. These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California. 21. No Assignment You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and void. Notwithstanding the title of this Section, we may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. 22. Miscellaneous (a) Entire Agreement . These Terms and any other document or information referred to in these Terms constitutes the entire and exclusive understanding between you and us regarding the Services and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between you and us regarding the Services. (b) Language . The original language of these Terms is in English; any translations are provided for reference purposes only. You waive any right you may have under the law of your country to have these Terms written or construed in any other language. (c) Severability . These Terms describe certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms do not change your rights under the laws of your jurisdiction if the laws of your jurisdiction do not permit it to do so.As noted above, limitations and exclusions of warranties and remedies in these Terms may not apply to you because your jurisdiction may not allow them in your particular circumstance. Each of the provisions in these Terms operates separately. In the event that certain provisions of these Terms are held by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, those provisions will be enforced only to the furthest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. (d) No Waiver . Your and our actions or inactions will not create any other rights under these Terms except as what is explicitly written within these Terms.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by one of our duly authorized representatives. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. (e) Third Party Rights Except as described in Section 9, a person who is not a party to these Terms will have no right under to enforce any of its terms. 23. Contact Information If you have any questions about these Terms or the Game, please contact us at https://wildlifestudios.com/contact/ . 8/10/2022, 6:04:59 PM Did you find this helpful? 23205 of 29661 users who found this helpful. Email I have read and accepted the Read the Privacy Policy . Unleash your potential and explore the future with us. #WeAreWildlife © 2023 Wildlife All rights reserved. All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. Control your privacy We store cookies on your computer to improve your experience. If you decline, your information will not be tracked. Please check our Privacy Policy for more information. - My options Developed by AdOpt