Privacy Policy Last modified: March 25, 2021 I. General This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) refers to The Constant Company, LLC and you, the user of this site. Us, We, Our - The Constant Company, LLC is the publisher and operator of the web site http://www.gameservers.com , and is referred to as “gameservers.com”. “us”, “we”, “our”, “ours”, etc. refer to The Constant Company, LLC. “The SITE” or “SITE” refers to http://www.gameservers.com . You, the User - This Policy will refer to the user as “you” or “yours”, etc. This Policy describes how we use information received about you when you visit our SITE or when you subscribe to, or otherwise use our online services. This Policy does not cover any information that we may receive from or about you through channels other than through the use of the SITE. Users who reside in the EEA are invited to read our GDPR Privacy Notice . CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT Compliance and Non-Applicability Statement. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act applies to the online collection of personal information from children under the age of 13. Gameservers.com does not collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. Our SITE is not designed for children under 16, and children under the age of 16 are not authorized to access or use our services. If we discover that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal information, we will endeavor to purge any such information as soon as possible. II. Revisions to this Policy This Policy is current as of the Last Modified set forth above. We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. We will post any updates to this Policy on our SITE. You should periodically check for any modifications of this Policy by re-visiting this web page. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our SITE III. Information that we collect Visitors to our SITE and services will have multiple manners of interacting with us. Depending upon your level of interaction, we will collect different information about you. We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our SITE. The type of information collected is as follows: Members - Members are those users who subscribe to our services will be prompted to provide their name, their address, their age, their phone number, and any other necessary billing information. Posters - Posters are visitors to our SITE who choose to register to post information in our public forums. We collect your email address and the password you create for your account when you register, and we also collect information about your posts to our forums. Any information entered voluntarily by the Poster on one of our forums should be considered public information or information that is publicly available. If you do not wish for information to be made public, you should not enter it into your user profile when registering as a Poster. All SITE users and visitors - We automatically collect the following information from all users and visitors to our SITE through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit or use our SITE; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our SITE. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your user name, name, and other personal information. Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information. IV. Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms, including those designed for mobile applications, to track information about your use of our SITE. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf). Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our SITE, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our SITE and service, including for online advertising purposes. Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our SITE who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the SITE, but some features may not function. Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your device’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our SITE to, among other things, track the activities of SITE visitors and users, help us manage content, and compile statistics about SITE usage. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded. Third Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our SITE. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our SITE. We use these tools to help us improve our services, performance, and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ . You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third Party Ad Network section. Third-Party Ad Networks. We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information, including personal information, about you. Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies . You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members . Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our SITE or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org . V. How we use your information We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes: To provide our services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes. To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as displaying information on your use of our cloud services, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the SITE. For marketing and promotional purposes.For example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our services on third party websites. To better understand how users access and use our SITE, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our SITE and services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes. To administer surveys and questionnaires. To comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding; to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process; or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or informal, from law enforcement or a governmental authority. To protect the safety, rights, property, or security of Game Servers, our services, any third party, or the general public; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to prevent or stop activity that Game Servers, in its sole discretion, may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity; to use as evidence in litigation; to conduct audits; and to enforce this Policy, our Acceptable Use Policy, and our Terms of Service. VI. How We Disclose Your Information We may share your information, including personal information, as follows: Forum Users. If you create an account to use one of our forums, your forum profile, Game Servers directory information, and any information you post on one of our forums will be available to other forum users and all SITE visitors. Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Policy. Service Providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, digital wallet companies, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. We also disclose information in the following circumstances: Business Transfers. If we are or may be acquired by or merged with another company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena. To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Game Servers is involved. Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes. VII. Transmittals from Us We may send you periodic announcements including the details of our existing and new programs. You may opt out of these announcements by contacting remove@gameservers.com or by clicking the opt-out link at the bottom of these emails. If you opt out of these marketing emails, you may still receive system notices and other information that is specifically related to your account. VIII. Public Forums, Member Directories, and Internal Messaging: Public Forums - Any information posted to a Forum should immediately be considered to be public information. Member Directories - Any information provided in a user profile, Member directory, or other related service should be considered to be public information. We do not, can not, and will not act to maintain the privacy of any information that you provide in any such forum or medium. Internal Messaging - We provide an internal messaging system for use between Members of our SITE. Any information that you send via this internal messaging system is not secure and is not considered to be private information. You should use caution when sending any personal information over the internal messaging system, and you should not transmit any information that you would not wish to see disclosed to the general public. IX. Security of Your Information. We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.For example, we take measures, including data encryption, to protect the transmission of sensitive end-user information. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. We take reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals we are unable to guarantee that our security is 100% breach-proof. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures. X. How to Access or Modify Your Information. We offer our Members the opportunity to access or modify information provided during registration. To access or modify such information, contact our Customer Service Department at http://www.gameservers.com/contact/ XI. Where to Direct Questions About Our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us at http://www.gameservers.com/contact/ MINECRAFT SERVERS Dedicated Minecraft Servers TEAMSPEAK SERVERS Multiple Hosting Locations VENTRILO SERVERS High Quality, Low Price MUMBLE SERVERS Instant Setup ALL GAME SERVERS See all our games Game Servers Voice Servers Other Services About Us Policies & TOS Contact Us Confirm © GameServers.com, All rights reserved. High Quality Teamspeak, Ventrilo & Gameserver Hosting at Cheap Prices!GDPR Policy Last modified: March 25, 2021 The Constant Company, LLC (Game Servers, we, us) believes it is important that you understand how Game Servers collects, stores, shares and uses information from and about our Site visitors, subscribers, customers and vendors. This GDPR Privacy Notice (Notice), our cookie policy and other legal notices posted on this website www.gameservers.com (Site), describes our collection, use and disclosure of personal and non-personal data (i) collected through the Site, or (ii) when you subscribe to, or otherwise use our online services (Services), or (iii) in the course of our business activities conducted elsewhere, whenever we act as the controller of that data and when its processing is governed by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This Notice does not apply to the information collected, stored, shared, or distributed by third-party sites. This Notice may be updated from time to time. For the purposes of applicable data protection law, Game Servers is the controller of any personal data collected from you on the Site, through the Services, or otherwise for the purpose of conducting or developing our business with customers and vendors. For the purposes of this Notice, personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. Information We Collect Automatically When you visit our Site, or use our Services, our server automatically collects certain browser or device generated information, including but not limited to: your domain; your IP address; your date, time and duration of your visit; your browser type; your operating system; your page visits; information from third parties; other information about your computer or device; Internet traffic. In some cases this information constitutes personal data, We do not use this automatically collected information to try to identify you by name, and we do not associate it with the information you provide voluntarily, as detailed below. Information You Provide In order to access or use certain portions of the Site or Services, or enjoy the full functionality of the Site or Services, or otherwise in conducting business with us or seeking to conduct business with us, you may be prompted to provide certain personal data to us in the following ways: Persons who subscribe to our Services will be prompted to provide their name, their address, their e-mail, their phone number, and any other necessary billing information. Persons who complete registration forms to sign up for membership on our Site will be prompted to provide their e-mail address Site visitors, and prospective and current suppliers and subscribers, may provide personal data when filling in forms (for example, a 'Contact us' form) on our Site or at a trade show or anywhere else we conduct business; by downloading documentation from our Site; by subscribing to newsletters or other communications; by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise providing contact details. In these cases, typically, the personal data you give us may include name, business affiliation, business address, telephone number, and email address, and any personal details required to resolve any inquiries or complaints. This personal data is required to enter into a contract with you (such as in anticipation of a supply agreement, or to learn about our Services) or to perform a contract with you (such as to provide Services), and failure to provide any information may result in our inability to provide requested Services or products. Information From Other Sources We may also obtain fraud & risk scoring data about you from third parties, namely MaxMind and Kount. Cookies Our Site uses cookies. More information about our use of cookies can be found in our cookie policy http://www.gameservers.com/legal/cookie_policy/ . Use of Personal Data The following is an overview of our purposes for using your personal data. Additional details on how we process your personal data may be provided to you in a separate notice or contract. All processing and use of your personal data is justified by a "condition" for processing. In the majority of cases, processing will be justified on the basis that: the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you (such as if you subscribe to our Services) or take steps to enter into a contract at your request (such as to fill an order), or to provide product information you have requested; the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation, such as keeping accounting records; the processing is in our legitimate interests, which are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights.Our legitimate interests are to use subscriber, Site user, supplier and customer data to conduct and develop our business activities with them and with others while limiting the use of their personal data to purposes that support the conduct and development of our business; or you have consented to the processing. We use the personal data we collect to: provide you with Services you have subscribed for, or otherwise requested; provide you with documentation or communications which you have requested; administer and manage performance of purchase or sales agreements with our suppliers and customers; provide after-sales support; correspond with users to resolve their queries or complaints; market our services to persons whose Services have expired or otherwise been cancelled; engage you about events, promotions, the Site and Game Servers Hosting's products and services; process, evaluate and complete certain transactions involving the Site, and more generally transactions involving Game Servers Hosting's products and services; operate, evaluate, maintain, improve and develop the Site (including by monitoring and analysing trends, access to, and use of the Site for advertising and marketing); to increase your (and other users') experience according to tracked interests, to analyze and target potential new markets, and for other marketing purposes. protect and ensure safety of the Site, Game Servers confidential and proprietary information, and Game Servers employees; manage, protect against and investigate fraud, risk exposure, claims and other liabilities, including but not limited to violation of our contract terms or laws or regulations; share your personal data with third parties in connection with potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case personal data held by us about our users may be one of the transferred assets; We also use non-personal data and aggregate information, such as that collected automatically, to customize our marketing efforts or to customize the use of our site for an aggregate group of customers. Game Servers will not sell or rent your personal data to third parties. Important Information for Subscribers - Community Forum and Internal Messaging Any information (including personal data) provided in a user profile, member directory, or other related Service should be considered to be available to the public. We do not, cannot, and will not act to maintain the privacy of any information (including personal data) that you provide in any such forum or medium. We provide an internal messaging system for use between members of our community forum discuss.gameservers.com. Any information (including personal data) that you send via this internal messaging system is not secure and is not considered to be private information. You should use caution when sending any personal data over the internal messaging system, and you should not transmit any information that you would not wish to see disclosed to the general public. Disclosure of Personal Data We may disclose personal data about Site visitors, users of our Services, or our suppliers or customers if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: To satisfy any laws, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such data; To disclose personal data that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Acceptable Use Policy or other user policies; To protect ourselves, our subscribers, and the general public. We specifically reserve the right to disclose any and all information (including personal data) to law enforcement in the event that a crime is committed, is suspected, or if we are compelled to do so by lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process. To cooperate with law enforcement authorities, private-party litigants, and others seeking information about our end users to the extent required by applicable law.Examples of such cooperation include lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process. Transfer of Personal Data If your personal data is transferred outside the EU to other Game Servers affiliates or to third party service providers, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the EU, including by entering into data transfer agreements using the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses. The country to which your personal data is transferred, and whether each country benefits from a decision of the European Commission determining that the country provides adequate protection to personal data, is the United States of America. You have a right to obtain details of the mechanism under which your personal data is transferred outside of the EU by contacting legal@gameservers.com . Game Servers reserves the right to share any information that you provide which is not deemed personal data or is not otherwise subject to contractual restrictions. Children The Site is not for use by children under the age of 16 years and Game Servers does not knowingly collect, store, share or use the personal data of children under 16 years. If you are under the age of 16 years, please do not provide any personal data, even if prompted by the Site to do so. If you are under the age of 16 years and you have provided personal data, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify Game Servers and Game Servers will delete all such personal data. Marketing emails Where lawful to do so, and subject to your consent where required, we may communicate with you by e-mail to tell you about our products and services. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications, please use the 'unsubscribe' link provided in our emails. If you are a subscriber to our Services, we may send you periodic announcements including the details of our existing and new programs. You may opt out of these announcements by filling out the form at http://www.gameservers.com/unsubscribe/ or by clicking the opt-out link at the bottom of these emails. If you opt out of these marketing emails, you may still receive system notices and other information that is specifically related to your subscription account. Security We take measures, including data encryption, to protect the transmission of all sensitive end-user information. We make reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party 'hackers' from illegally obtaining this information. We take all reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals we are unable to guarantee that our security is 100% breach-proof. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures. Retention of Your Personal Data We apply a general rule of keeping personal data only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. In general, we retain your personal data for a period of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, for example to maintain an accurate record of your dealings with us. However, in some circumstances we may retain personal data for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements, or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity having authority to make the request, for so long as required. With respect to marketing, we retain your personal data for 18 months after your last request for service or other contact you initiate. External Links The Site may contain links to third party sites. Since Game Servers does not control nor is responsible for the privacy practices of those Sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites. This Notice applies solely to personal data collected by our Sites or in the course of our business activities. Your Rights Right to withdraw consent - where applicable, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.For example, if you wish to opt-out of receiving electronic marketing communications, you can change your settings in your account on the Site, use the 'unsubscribe' link provided in our emails or otherwise contact us directly and we will stop sending you communications. Right of access, rectification and erasure - you have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of any of your personal data that we may hold, to request correction of any inaccurate data relating to you and to request the deletion of your personal data under certain circumstances. You can see and update most of this data yourself online, or by contacting us directly at http://www.gameservers.com/contact/ Data portability - where we are relying (as the legal basis for processing) upon your consent, or the fact that the processing is necessary to perform a contract to which you are party or to take steps at your request prior to entering a contract, and the personal data is processed by automatic means, you have the right to receive all such personal data which you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and also to require us to transmit it to another controller where this is technically feasible. Right to restriction of processing - you have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data (that is, allow only its storage) where: you contest the accuracy of the personal data, until we have taken sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy; where the processing is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the personal data; where we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require such personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or where you have objected to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds (see below), pending verification as to whether we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing. Where your personal data is subject to restriction we will only process it with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes applicable law. Right to object to processing (including profiling) based on legitimate interest grounds - where we are relying upon legitimate interests to process personal data, you have the right to object to that processing. If you object, we must stop that processing unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or we need to process the personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where we rely upon legitimate interest as a basis for processing we believe that we can demonstrate such compelling legitimate grounds, but we will consider each case on an individual basis. Right to object to direct marketing (including profiling) - you have the right to object to our use of your personal data (including profiling) for direct marketing purposes, such as when we use your personal data to invite you to our promotional events. Please contact us as indicated in Contact Information http://www.gameservers.com/contact/ if you wish to exercise any of your rights, or if you have any inquiries or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data. Changes to this Notice We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Notice and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. You should periodically check for any modifications of this Notice by re-visiting this web page and using the 'refresh' button on your browser. You should note the date of last revision to this Notice, which appears at the top of this Notice. If the 'last modified' date remains unchanged after you have clicked the 'refresh' button on your browser, you may presume that no changes have been made since the last reading of the Notice. A changed 'last modified' dates indicates that this Notice has been updated or edited, and the updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting. Contact Information If you have any questions in relation to this Notice or you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at: MINECRAFT SERVERS Dedicated Minecraft Servers TEAMSPEAK SERVERS Multiple Hosting Locations VENTRILO SERVERS High Quality, Low Price MUMBLE SERVERS Instant Setup ALL GAME SERVERS See all our games Game Servers Voice Servers Other Services About Us Policies & TOS Contact Us Confirm © GameServers.com, All rights reserved. High Quality Teamspeak, Ventrilo & Gameserver Hosting at Cheap Prices!