Privacy information pursuant to articles 13 and 14 of EU Regulation 679/2016 Pursuant to articles 13 and 14 of EU Regulation 679/2016, the recognized non-profit association Consortium GARR based in via dei Tizii, 6 - 00185 - Rome - Italy, is the Data Controller of your personal data. The personal data acquired are subject to treatment in compliance with the aforementioned legislation. In relation to the aforementioned treatments, the Data Controller provides the following information: Contact details Data Controller of personal data: The GARR Consortium phone: +39 4962 2000 email contact: Personal data protection manager: Dr. Davide Vaghetti phone: +39 050 2213158 email contact: Place of data processing Consortium GARR with headquarters in via dei Tizii, 6 - 00185 - Rome - Italy Types of data processed Navigation data The computer systems and applications dedicated to the functioning of this website detect, during their normal operation, some data (the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols) not associated with directly identifiable users. This information - which by its nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow the identification of users - is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties. These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and to check its correct functioning. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the event of computer crimes or acts of damage to the site; except for this eventuality, at present the data on web contacts do not persist beyond the time necessary to carry out the checks aimed at guaranteeing the constant security of the system. Data provided voluntarily by the user upon registration The data provided by the user upon registration (Name, Surname, Username, password, e-mail address, Institution/Body to which they belong) are kept until the user report. The GARR Consortium does not carry out User profiling activities. Cookies For information on the use of cookies, refer to the dedicated information: Cookies. Purpose of the treatment The GARR Consortium processes personal data within the limits of what is strictly necessary for the performance of its institutional functions, excluding the treatment when the purposes pursued can be achieved through anonymous data or methods that allow the identification of the interested party / user only in case of necessity. The particular purposes, relating to individual services or in any case to specific treatments, are highlighted in detail in the privacy information relating to the individual services and in the various thematic access channels. Within them, the user may eventually find supplementary information on the processing of personal data. Duration of treatment The data will be processed for the entire time necessary to carry out the existing relationship and in any case for the time required by the Italian legislation in force. Optional provision of data Except as specified for navigation data, the user is free to provide the personal data contained in the request forms to request the sending of informative material or other communications. Failure to provide such data may make it impossible to obtain what has been requested. Processing methods Personal data will be processed in paper, computerized and telematic form and entered in the relevant databases which operators expressly designated by the Data Controller as Persons in Charge of Processing personal data, who have taken on an explicit obligation of confidentiality, who will be able to carry out processing operations in compliance with the provisions of the law necessary to take care of, in addition to confidentiality, the integrity, security, updating and relevance of the data in compliance with the stated purposes. Collected data. The collected data are essentially related to: Identification data: IP address and where provided: name and surname, e-mail address of natural persons; the data provided by the interested party can be collected from any joint controllers and/or data processors on behalf of the GARR Consortium.Scope of communication and dissemination of data Users' personal data are used solely for the purpose of performing the service or provision requested and are communicated to third parties only in cases where: this is necessary to offer the services requested by the User and for the fulfillment of requests by the interested party; the communication is imposed by legal or regulatory obligations or responds to a significant purpose of public interest. Rights of the interested parties In relation to the aforementioned treatments, the rights referred to in articles may be exercised by you. from 15 to 22 GDPR, such as: obtaining confirmation of the existence or not of data concerning you; know the origin of the data, the logic and purpose on which the treatment is based; obtain the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of any data processed in violation of the law, updating, rectification and integration of the data; oppose, for legitimate reasons, the processing of data within the limits and under the conditions provided. To exercise their rights, the interested party can address his request to Consortium GARR, Via dei Tizii, 6, 00185 - Rome, by calling +39 0649622000, sending a fax to +39 0649622044 or by sending an email to address segreteria@garr.it . Further information regarding the processing and communication of data provided directly or otherwise acquired may be requested from the Personal Data Protection Officer at the headquarters of the GARR Consortium at the e-mail address: dpo@garr.it. The signing of this communication must be understood as express consent to the processing of your personal data. Further information about the processing of data may also be communicated verbally. GARR Menu Connect to GARR Referents in the Organizations You can also find the GARR Consortium on social media GARR Consortium Community GARR Network Infrastructures Services Projects and Collaborations Projects International collaborations Communication GARR Consortium - Via dei Tizii, 6 - 00185 Rome | Tel. 0649622000 - Fax 0649622044 | CF 97284570583 – PI 07577141000 | Recipient Code 7EU9KEU | Contacts The content of this site is released, except where otherwise indicated, under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial Share Alike 3.0 Italy license. The GARRR communityScientific researchUniversityBiomedical researchSchoolCultural heritageMusic and art