☰ Menu Privacy Center Privacy Statement Cookie Notice GE APPLIANCES COOKIE notice effective june 1, 2022 When you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, tools or messaging (our “online services”), we or our authorized service providers may use cookies, web beacons, software development kits, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience and for advertising purposes. In this Notice, we use the term “cookies” to refer to all of the technologies noted above. This Notice is designed to help you understand more about these technologies and our use of them on our sites and in our services, applications, and tools. Below is a summary of a few key things you should know about our use of such technologies. What cookies do we use and why? When we use cookies (technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other device that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools) we may classify them into the following categories: Essential” cookies are necessary for our online services to operate and are always enabled. “Performance” or “Analytics” cookies allow gathering of information to help us understand how effective our content is, what interests our users have, and to improve how our online services work. In addition, we use web beacons, tracking pixels and similar services to understand more about the visitors to the Website, and to count visitor numbers and performance cookies to track how many individual users access the Website and how often. This information is used for statistical purposes and to improve how the Website works and it is not our intention to use such information to personally identify any user. However, if at any time you register and sign into our online services, we may combine such data with information from our web analytic services and cookies to analyze how you use the Website in more detail. “Functional” cookies allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites. “Advertising” cookies and other technologies may be used by us or by third parties to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement. We may use cookies and web beacons (also known as pixel tags) to determine which users have come to the Website after viewing an advertisement we have served on such third-party websites. We also work with such third parties to collect data so that we can determine the effectiveness of our ads and serve ads targeted to your interests. The use of web beacons does not provide us with any personal information and we do not use this technology to access your personal information. It is used only to compile aggregated data about users who visit the Website and to gauge the effectiveness of our ads. Web beacons do not place information on your device, but may work in conjunction with cookies to monitor activity. You cannot remove or block web beacons, but you can remove or block cookies with which they work to block the collection of information about your user activity. Please see the Cookie Settings link for more detailed information on the cookies we use on the online services you are using. The Cookie Settings link may be located in the page footer or via the menu bar or application settings. how to control cookies Any personal information that we collect and store through use of these technologies for categories 2 through 4 above is based on a conspicuous disclosure on our online services (and, consistent with applicable law, your consent) during your first visit. You can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please bear in mind that removing or blocking cookies can impact your user experience and parts of the online services may no longer be fully accessible. If you do not accept the use of these cookies or wish to change your cookie preferences, please click the applicable Cookie Settings link on the online services you are using. You may also be able to change your browser settings to manage and control cookies; you can find detailed information on how to do so at https://www.aboutcookies.org/ . Accepting or declining cookies is limited to the online service you are using and will not be reflected on other web browsers, or on other sites, or on pages that may be hyperlinked from the Website.For more information on cookies used by other sites and pages, please refer to the specific Cookie Settings link located on those sites, if available. email communications We may also use tracking technologies to determine whether you have read, clicked on, or forwarded certain email communications we send to you so that we can make our communications more helpful and interesting. If you do not wish us to confirm whether you have opened, clicked on, or forwarded our communications, you will need to unsubscribe, as it is not possible for us to send these emails without tracking enabled. Registered subscribers can update their communication preferences at any time by contacting us , or you can unsubscribe following the instructions in the individual email communications you receive from us. We may modify or amend this Cookie Notice from time to time at our discretion. When we make changes to this notice, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page, and such modified or amended Cookie Notice shall be effective as to you and your information as of that revision date. We encourage you to periodically review this Cookie Notice to be informed about how we are using cookies. Copyright 2023 GE Appliances, a Haier company GE is a trademark of the General Electric company. Manufactured under trademark license. We recently updated our Privacy Notice with important information. Please familiarize yourself with the updated terms. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing activities. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings. By clicking Accept Cookies or closing this dialogue you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more, visit our cookie notice . Cookie Settings Your PrivacyEssential CookiesFunctional CookiesAnalytics CookiesAdvertising Cookies Your Privacy Information About This Site’s Use of Cookies: This website uses cookies (“Cookies”) to distinguish you from other users of our website. A Cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer`s hard drive. These Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our sites. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information about the Cookies we use you may read our Cookies Notice here. Cookie Notice Essential Cookies These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our website and so cannot be turned off. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and log in to your account and or fill out forms. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). If you do not allow these cookies, then some parts of our site may not function properly. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label5. Privacy Statement and SMS Terms & Conditions GEA's Privacy Statement , incorporated by this reference, describes GEA's privacy practices applicable to this Site. GEA's SMS Terms and Conditions , incorporated by this reference, includes information on how to opt in or opt out of receiving mobile alert updates or notices. 6. Product and Service Information All content available through the Site, including but not limited to data, quotes, status reports, technical drawings, configurations, order information, and catalog listings is believed to be accurate. However, you should independently evaluate the accuracy of the information and the usefulness for your particular needs of any product or service available through the Site. Specifications for products and services are subject to change without notice, and GEA, its Affiliates, Service Providers and Business Partners reserve the right to make changes to processing, materials or configuration without notice. They do not guarantee that products listed in online catalogs will be available at the time of your order. All information on the Site is subject to the disclaimers of Section 8 below. 7. Links and Third-Party Content Links to Other Websites. The Site may from time to time contain links to other websites or other Internet information sources ("Third-Party Sources"). These links are provided as a convenience and do not constitute an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by GEA of, or responsibility for, third parties or the linked Third-Party Sources or any content, services or products available on or through such Third-Party Sources. Third-Party Content. The Site may from time to time contain material, data or information provided, posted or offered by third parties, including but not limited to advertisements or postings in online community discussions. You agree that neither GEA, nor its Affiliates, Service Providers or Business Partners shall have any liability whatsoever to you for any such third-party material, data or information. 8. Disclaimers THE MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. GEA DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE MATERIALS OR THE RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT, MEMORANDUM, OR INFORMATION SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. GEA RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY PORTION OF THE SITE. GEA MAY MAKE ANY OTHER CHANGES TO THE SITE, THE MATERIALS AND THE PRODUCTS, PROGRAMS, SERVICES OR PRICES (IF ANY) DESCRIBED IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. THIS SITE, THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS ON THE SITE, AND THE SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SITE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, DATA OR SOFTWARE DISTRIBUTED BY, DOWNLOADED OR ACCESSED FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR BUSINESS, YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH CONTENT, DATA AND/OR SOFTWARE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER GEA, THE SERVICE PROVIDERS NOR AFFILIATES CONTROL IN ANY RESPECT ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY BUSINESS PARTNERS OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE AGREED IN WRITING, GEA, THE SERVICE PROVIDERS AND AFFILIATES ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR AND MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY, CURRENCY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR USEFULNESS OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT, OR OTHER CONTENT OR OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DISTRIBUTED OR MADE AVAILABLE BY BUSINESS PARTNERS OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE. GEA, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED.NOR DOES GEA, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH USE OF THE SITE. GEA, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS, ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY A USER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA FROM DELAYS, NONDELIVERIES OF CONTENT OR EMAIL, ERRORS, SYSTEM DOWN TIME, MISDELIVERIES OF CONTENT OR EMAIL, NETWORK OR SYSTEM OUTAGES, FILE CORRUPTION, OR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF GEA, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS OR THEIR LICENSORS, OR A USER'S OWN ERRORS AND/OR OMISSIONS. GEA, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE SITE WILL BE MAINTAINED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 9. Limitations of Liability UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL GEA OR ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, BUSINESS PARTNERS, VENDORS, OR SUPPLIERS (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS) BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY PARTY OTHER THAN GEA FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED ON THE SITE, OR RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT IS SENT OR RECEIVED OR NOT SENT OR RECEIVED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 10. Product Availability and Pricing Orders are subject to product availability. We try to fulfill all orders, but sometimes an item described on the Site is not available. If that happens, we may need to cancel your order or contact you for follow-up. We reserve the right to discontinue the sale of any product or service at any time without notice. We may decline or place quantity limits on your order at any time. In the event of a pricing or other error, we reserve the right to revoke offers, cancel orders and correct errors or omissions, including after an order has been placed. Our acknowledgement of an order means that your order request has been received, not that the price or availability of an item has been confirmed. 11. Purchases If you wish to purchase products or services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information which may include credit card and shipping information. You agree to pay all charges you incur (whether using your credit card or another payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred. We are required by law to collect all applicable sales taxes. You authorize us to charge the applicable sales taxes to your credit card at the time of completion of order shipment. For your security, the billing name and address on your credit card must match that of the information you submit. If the information provided does not match, your order may be delayed or cancelled. We may preauthorize your order amount with your credit or debit card issuer at the time you place the order, which may affect your available credit line. All billing and registration information provided by you must be accurate, complete and correct. By confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the products and / or services that you have ordered. Receiving an order acknowledgement via email does not guarantee the acceptance of an order. 12. Limitations on Purchases We are not responsible for failure to fulfill orders due to causes beyond our control.We reserve the right at any time after receiving your order to: (1) limit order quantities to reasonable amounts (in our sole discretion); (2) prohibit purchases by retailers, distributors, or resellers; (3) discontinue or refuse to offer any product or service; (4) impose conditions on any discount, coupon or promotion; and/or (5) bar any user from completing a transaction. We may impose these limits on a per-person, per-household, per-order, or any other basis. If we reject, limit, or otherwise modify your order, we will attempt to notify you using the email address you provide to us. If we cancel an order or part of an order that we've already charged you for, we'll refund you the full amount of the canceled portion of the order. 13. Shipping and Delivery Large Appliances: For large appliances delivered or picked up, please visit our policy for Delivery and Installation . Small Appliances: For small appliances shipped via package delivery, please visit our policy for Shipping and Delivery Parts and Accessories: For orders placed on geapplianceparts.com, please visit our policy for Shipping and Delivery 14. Returns Appliances: For appliances purchased directly from us, please visit our policy for Returns Parts and Accessories: For orders placed on geapplianceparts.com, please visit our policy for Returns 15. General Applicable Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, and the federal laws of the United States of America, without giving effect to conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located within the State of Kentucky for any disputes arising from or related to the Site or these Terms of Use. Other. These Terms of Use are not intended to alter the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with GEA, its Affiliates, Service Providers or Business Partners to the extent that those agreements govern issues other than your use of the Site, nor any agreements that they may have with one another. English Language. You agree that there shall be no requirement to translate any of the Sites, or any portion thereof or content thereon, into any other language than the one(s) in which they appear, and that all contractual and transactional communications shall be in the English language, and that there shall be no requirement to translate any communication into any other language. Enforceability. Should any provision in these Terms of Use be found invalid or unenforceable for any reason, that provision shall be deemed severable from the other provisions and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions. You agree that any claim arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or your use of the Site must be filed within one year after it arose or be permanently barred. Dispute Resolution. Any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, or your use of the GE Appliances Store or purchase of GEA products or services shall be governed by Delaware law. All disputes arising hereunder, including any disputes involving third parties, shall be arbitrated, except for claims by GEA for breach of confidentiality. Unless otherwise specified or prohibited by law, the specific manner of arbitration shall be as follows: disputes with amounts in controversy under $3,500 shall be arbitrated by the Better Business Bureau in accordance with their rules and procedures. Disputes with amounts in controversy above $3,500 shall be referred to the Center for Public Resources in accordance with their rules and procedures. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses. For purposes of claims brought by GEA against you, such as for credit card misuse, dishonored checks, breaches of confidentiality, etc., you consent to jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 16. International Usage In addition, you agree that you are solely responsible for actions and communications undertaken or transmitted under your account, and that you will comply with all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations, including but not limited to United States export restrictions, that relate to your use of or activities on this Site.This Site is controlled and operated in the United States. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THIS SITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, AND ARE RESTRICTED UNDER THE LAW OF YOUR JURISDICTION FROM DOING SO, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE. GEA MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE SITE IS APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 17. Your Account If you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you check out as a guest, you may still be able to track your orders. GE sells to adults who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may not create an account. 18. SmartOrder Subscription Program for Water Filters and other Replaceable Parts SmartOrder Program. SmartOrder automatically delivers GE Appliances parts on the schedule you choose. GE Appliances reserves the right to revise the SmartOrder benefits including, but not limited to, pricing, discount amounts and eligibility criteria. Any such revisions by GE Appliances shall apply to future orders regardless of whether you currently are a SmartOrder subscriber. SmartOrder Products. Water filters, trash compactor bags, appliance cleaners and other GE Appliances renewable parts are eligible for SmartOrder. Only those products indicated are eligible and SmartOrder is limited to addresses located in the United States, excluding Puerto Rico. Shipments will not be made to P.O. boxes. Payment. To participate in the SmartOrder program you must have an active credit card associated with your account. Debit cards and non-U.S. issued credit cards are not eligible for SmartOrder. If we are unable to process your SmartOrder order with the credit card used to create your subscription, we will not ship your order until you update your credit card information by logging into your account or calling (800) 626-2064 . Term and Termination. Your SmartOrder subscription will remain in effect until you cancel it, however, we may terminate your SmartOrder subscription at our discretion. Upon such termination, you will be billed only for those orders that have been shipped to you. Contact Us. If you have any questions or there are problems with your SmartOrder subscription, please call (800) 626-2064 to speak to a representative. Last Updated: February 2020 We recently updated our Privacy Notice with important information. Please familiarize yourself with the updated terms. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing activities. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings. By clicking Accept Cookies or closing this dialogue you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more, visit our cookie notice . Cookie Settings Your PrivacyEssential CookiesFunctional CookiesAnalytics CookiesAdvertising Cookies Your Privacy Information About This Site’s Use of Cookies: This website uses cookies (“Cookies”) to distinguish you from other users of our website. A Cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer`s hard drive. These Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our sites. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information about the Cookies we use you may read our Cookies Notice here. Cookie Notice Essential Cookies These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our website and so cannot be turned off. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and log in to your account and or fill out forms. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). If you do not allow these cookies, then some parts of our site may not function properly.Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelOur Privacy Values Control You choose where and how we use your data. Transparency Want to know how we use your data? Just ask! Security We're working hard to ensure the safety of your data. Control You choose where and how we use your data. Transparency We are transparent so you can make informed decisions. Security We're working hard to ensure the safety of your data. Control You choose where and how we use your data. Transparency Want to know how we use your data? Just ask! Security We're working hard to ensure the safety of your data. Privacy Resources Product Security and Privacy Our smart appliances are designed to deliver a connected home experience while protecting your data. US State Privacy Rights At GE Appliances, we respect your rights under the US state privacy laws. Your Data,Your Rights You choose what personal information you share with us. Product Security and Privacy Our smart appliances are designed to deliver a connected home experience while protecting your data. US State Privacy Rights At GE Appliances, we respect your rights under the US state privacy laws. Your Data, Your Rights You choose what personal information you share with us. Privacy Statements for Related Sites Copyright 2023 GE Appliances, a Haier company GE is a trademark of the General Electric company. Manufactured under trademark license. We recently updated our Privacy Notice with important information. Please familiarize yourself with the updated terms. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing activities. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings. By clicking Accept Cookies or closing this dialogue you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more, visit our cookie notice . Cookie Settings Your PrivacyEssential CookiesFunctional CookiesAnalytics CookiesAdvertising Cookies Your Privacy Information About This Site’s Use of Cookies: This website uses cookies (“Cookies”) to distinguish you from other users of our website. A Cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer`s hard drive. These Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our sites. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information about the Cookies we use you may read our Cookies Notice here. Cookie Notice Essential Cookies These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our website and so cannot be turned off. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and log in to your account and or fill out forms. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). If you do not allow these cookies, then some parts of our site may not function properly. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPRIVACY STATEMENT Effective date of this Privacy Statement: July 2023. We collect your information when you use GE Appliances services to find or buy our products and services, contact us for information or help, and visit our facilities. This Privacy Statement explains what personal data we collect, why we use it, who we share it with, and how we protect it, along describing with the tools you can use to manage your privacy. We periodically revise this Statement to reflect new and evolving laws that govern privacy. This Privacy Statement is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. Who We Are: Haier US Appliance Solutions, Inc. d/b/a GE Appliances and its affiliates (“GEA”, “us”, “our”, or “we”) are responsible for collection, use, retention, and protection of personal data. Contact details can be found in the section Our Services: When we use the term “Services”, we are referring to our Internet websites, mobile applications, and other services that link to this Privacy Statement and that we offer and manage on our own behalf. To learn about our privacy practices when you use the GE Appliances SmartHQ platform, please visit our This Privacy Statement does not apply to information about our employees, contractors, agents, or job applicants. OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES We ask you to provide personal information when using the Services, as described below. We collect and use some information listed below because we are either legally required to do so or because we need it to provide the Services to you. In such cases, if you do not provide the information that we ask for, we may not be able to provide you with the Services. (a) ONLINE PURCHASES When you purchase a product or service from us, we collect directly from you identifiers (full name), contact information (address, phone number, and email address), product/purchase information (model number, serial number, and purchase and/or installation date), and sensitive payment information (credit card information and name on credit card). If you are entitled to a rebate on your purchase, in some cases we also collect your sensitive tax identification information (social security or other tax identification number). We use your identifiers, contact information, and payment information to facilitate the sale and delivery of our products to you, process returns, and provide service and safety notices. We use your tax identification information only to process your rebate. We share your identifiers, contact information, tax identification number, and payment information with our third-party fulfillment providers so that they can assist us in processing your transaction and delivering your order to you. We use identifiers, contact information, and product/purchase information to send you marketing communications that we feel may be of interest to you based on your marketing preferences. (b) PRODUCT AND ACCOUNT REGISTRATION When you register a product or create an account with GE Appliances, we collect directly from you identifiers (full name), contact information (address, phone number, and email address), and your product/purchase information (model number, serial number, and purchase and/or installation date). We use this information to register your product, create your account, provide products and services that you purchase, for financial and accounting purposes, and for account security, fraud prevention, and identity verification purposes. We also use this information to contact you in the event of a service notification or safety notice related to your appliance(s) and to communicate with you about products, services, events, and promotions that may be of interest to you. If you register a GE Appliances product or service, we share your identifiers, contact information, product/purchase information with a third-party provider so that they can market and sell you extended service contracts for GE Appliances products. You may at any time use this form to opt out of the sale of your data on a going-forward basis. You may cancel your account at any time. If you cancel your account, we will terminate the account functionality. Account cancellation, however, will not result in deletion of information submitted to register your appliance. (c) CUSTOMER SERVICE When you use our online services to schedule a service call or delivery, make a consumer service inquiry, schedule a discussion, input your information in a chat, ask questions in an online forum, or email us, we collect directly from you identifiers (name) and contact information (telephone number and email address).We also collect directly from you any product/purchase information (types of appliances you own, model and/or serial number of your product, date of purchase, date of installation), sensitive payment information (credit card information and name on credit card), and service information (nature of your issue or question, your appliance’s service history) that you choose to provide. During service calls we collect directly from your appliance diagnostic data to help us trouble-shoot issues requiring service. We use this information to respond to your request for product service, address your questions and comments, register your appliance, ship or deliver products, issue invoices, process returns, and provide you service and safety bulletins. We also use this information to evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services and analyzing our existing products and services). We will share this information with our third-party customer service partners so that they can assist us responding to you, to administer service requests, and to execute service calls. Where we provide service on behalf of a third party, we share the information with the third party to obtain reimbursement for our services. If you make a service request, we share your identifiers, contact information, product/purchase information with a third-party provider so that they can market and sell you extended service contracts for your GE Appliances products.You may at any time use this form to opt out of the sale of your data on a going-forward basis. (d) PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES When you choose to participate in our online promotional activities (discounts, rebates, contests, and other similar promotions) we collect directly from you identifiers (full name) and contact information (address, phone number, email address). We use this information to administer the promotional activity that you are participating in. If necessary for the promotional activity, we also collect your product/purchase information (model and/or serial number of your product, date of purchase, and date of installation). We use this information to confirm that you qualify to take part in a specific promotional activity (e.g., when a promotional activity is available only for users of certain products or services or residents of certain states). If we have a sponsor for a specific promotion or if we utilize a third party to administer the promotion or to deliver the prize, we share your personal information with them. Some of these activities have additional rules containing information about how we use and disclose your personal information. These additional rules will be specified at the time of collection. (e) SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS If you interact with us through social networking websites, such as Facebook or Twitter, we access such personal information as permitted in accordance with your social media platform privacy settings. We use this information to personalize your online experience, provide exclusive content, and send you marketing communications that we feel may be of interest to you based on your marketing preferences on those social networking websites. We share this information with service providers that assist with the activities described above. (f) SURVEYS AND PRODUCT REVIEWS We use your identifiers (name) and contact information (email address) to send optional online surveys to assess user experience with our products and services. If you agree to participate in an online survey or poll we collect information about you, such as preferences, activities, attitudes, and interests. We use your survey responses for testing, research, analysis, product development, and to improve our products, and services. We follow up with some survey respondents to discuss issues related to their responses. If we use a third-party service provider to administer the survey, collect results, or distribute prizes, the third party will have access to your information. We don’t otherwise share this information. After you purchase a product, we use your contact information to send you email asking if you would like to post a review on our website. We respond to some posted reviews, but unless you so request will not otherwise use your contact information in relation to reviews. (g) LOCATION INFORMATION We collect your location information (zip code) when you search for products on our webpages or apps. This information permits us to determine whether a particular product is available for delivery in your geographic area. GE Appliances does not store or use this information other than to make this determination and do not share it with third parties. 2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY In addition to the personal data you provide directly to us, we and our third-party providers also collect information from you automatically via cookies, pixels, and similar trackers as you use our web sites and apps.Specifically, we and our third-party partners automatically collect commercial information, Internet and network information, and device data, including those described below. You can choose to disable cookies via either our cookie banner or the “Cookie Settings” link at the bottom of our websites and “SDK Preferences” tab in the settings of our apps. Information about how you access our services . We collect information such as the website from which you came and the website to which you are going when you leave our websites, how frequently you access the Services, when click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Services from multiple devices and other actions you take on the services. Usage information. We collect information about your visits to and interaction with our Services, such as the pages you visit, how you move around the different sections, how frequently you access them, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on while using our Services, and referring website addresses. We collect this information to understand how you use our websites so that we can make them more intuitive and to conduct targeted advertising. Device information. We collect information about the device that you use to access our Services, such as your IP address, browser type, browser language, hardware type/model/manufacturer, Internet service provider, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to identify your browser, and your preferences. We use that information for analytical purposes, to prevent fraudulent use of the Services, to enable our Services to function properly, to provide enhanced functionality, and to diagnose server and software errors, as well as, in cases of abuse, to track and mitigate the abuse. Location information. We collect general information about your geographic location (such as country, state, latitude and longitude), which may be determined through your IP address, for analytical purposes, to prevent fraudulent use of the Services, to enable our Services to function properly, as well as, in cases of abuse, to track and mitigate the abuse. Cookies, pixels, and other tracking. We and our partners use various tools to collect data when you visit our sites and apps, including cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. Cookies are bits of electronic data that can be transferred to your computer or other device to identify your browser. When you use our Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tools to gather information about how you view and use our services and content, and to connect your activity with other data we store about you. The use of cookies helps us serve you better by understanding what you’re interested in, tracking trends, measuring the effectiveness of ads, saving your preferences, and storing information you may want to retrieve, such as your Wishlist. Other uses include providing you custom, personalized content and information, diagnosing or fixing technical problems, and detecting or preventing fraud or other harmful activities. We also allow approved partners to collect data from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar tools; these are categorized as “Analytics” and “Advertising” trackers. You can choose whether to disable these trackers via either our cookie banner or the Cookies Settings link at the bottom of our webpages or the SDK Preferences link in our app Settings. To learn more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see " For more information on how we use cookies, see our Cookie Notice & Disclosure. 3. OFFLINE COLLECTION When you interact with us offline, we collect your personal information when you: Interact with us in one of our stores. If you make a purchase in one of our stores, we collect directly from you identifiers (full name), contact information (address, phone number, and email address), and your product/purchase information (model number, serial number and purchase date), and sensitive information (credit card information and name on credit card). We collect these directly from you in-store. If you are entitled to a rebate on your purchase, in some cases we also collect your sensitive tax identification information (social security or other tax identification number). We use this information to process your order and payment, facilitate delivery, update you regarding your order, register your product, process subsequent orders, and facilitate returns as necessary. We share your identifiers, contact information, product/purchase information with a third-party provider so that they can market and sell you extended service contracts for GE Appliances products. You may at any time use this form to opt out of the sale of your data on a going-forward basis. Register a product or create an account using phone or paper form.We collect directly from you identifiers (full name), contact information (address, phone number, and email address), and your product/purchase information (model number, serial number, and purchase and/or installation date). We use this information to register your product, create your account, provide products and services that you purchase, for financial and accounting purposes, for account security, fraud prevention, and identity verification purposes. We also use this information to contact you in the event of a service notification or safety notice related to your registered appliance(s). We also use this information to communicate with you about products, services, events, and promotions that may be of interest to you. If you register a GE Appliances product or service, we share your identifiers, contact information, product/purchase information with third-party provider so that they can market and sell you extended service contracts for GE Appliances products. You may at any time use this form to opt out of the sale of your data on a going-forward basis. You may cancel your account at any time. If you cancel your account, we will terminate the account functionality. Account cancellation, however, will not result in deletion of information submitted to register your appliance. Customer service. When you use the phone or a paper form to schedule a service call or make a consumer service inquiry, we collect directly from you identifiers (name) and contact information (telephone number and email address). We also collect directly from you any product/purchase information (types of appliances you own, model and/or serial number of your product, date of purchase, date of installation), and service information (nature of your issue or question, your appliance’s service history) that you choose to provide. During in-person interactions, we collect identifiers , contact information, product/purchase information, visual information (photos of appliances), and service information . We also collect directly from your appliance diagnostic data to help us trouble-shoot issues requiring service. We use the above information to respond to your requests for product service, address your questions and comments, perform repairs, register your appliance, ship or deliver products, issue invoices, process returns, and provide you service and safety bulletins. We also use this information to evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services and analyzing our existing products and services). We will share this information with our third-party customer service partners so that they can assist us in responding to you, administering service requests, and executing service calls. Where we provide service on behalf of a third party, we share the information with the third party to obtain reimbursement for our services. If you make a service request, we share your identifiers, contact information, product/purchase information with a third-party provider so that they can market and sell you extended service contracts for your GE Appliances products. You may at any time use this form to opt out of the sale of your data on a going-forward basis. When you participate in our promotional activities using phone or paper form. We collect your identifiers (full name) and contact information (address, phone number, email address). We use this information to administer the promotional activity that you are participating in. If necessary for the promotional activity, we also collect your product/purchase information (model and/or serial number of your product, date of purchase, and date of installation). We use this information to confirm that you qualify to take part in a specific promotional activity (e.g., when a promotional activity is available only for users of certain products or services or residents of certain states). If we have a sponsor for a specific promotion or if we utilize a third party to administer the promotion or to deliver the prize, we share your personal information with them. Some of these activities have additional rules containing information about how we use and disclose your personal information. These additional rules will be specified at the time of collection. Interact with us through our distribution networks (including dealers and their related entities). When you purchase Monogram appliances through one of our dealers and you are entitled to a rebate on that purchase, we indirectly collect your taxpayer identification number or social security number to facilitate rebate process. When we perform delivery or repair services on behalf of our dealers, we indirectly collect your identifiers, contact information, and product/purchase information. We use this information to perform these services and share it only as required to obtain reimbursement for performing the services. Interact with us at an event .In this case, we will collect directly from you such personal information as you choose to provide to us. For example, if you want to receive additional information on one of our products or services via email, we will collect your name and email address so that we can send you the requested information. We also indirectly obtain your personal data from event facilitators if you have consented to such sharing. We use this information to contact you if you have consented to such contact. Visit our facilities. If you visit one of our offices, production facilities, or other secure-access facilities, we collect directly from you personal data, which includes: Identifiers and Contact Information : including full name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number. Professional Information: including job title, job function, company name, professional background, and nature of the relationship with us. Visit Information: Including the purpose of the visit and any restrictions or preferences while on premise (such as dietary restrictions). Security Information: Including sensitive information, such as a copy of a government ID (such as a driver’s license) and a record of the visitor’s access to our office or event, any use by the visitor of our computer systems, and images or video recordings of the visitor and the visitor’s property while on premises (where permitted by law). We share this information with law enforcement officials and emergency services providers for security, fraud, and safety purposes. Publicly available information. We access publicly available information regarding changes of residential address. We use this information to improve the accuracy of your contact information. We do not share this information with third parties except service providers. 4. GENERAL USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION In addition to the specific uses disclosed above, we may use the personal information collected about you on an as-needed basis for the following purposes: To conduct investigations and comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements and our Services' terms of use. To ensure the safety of GE Appliances network services, information resources and employees. As required for tax, financial accounting, and transactional purposes. Using identifiers and product/purchase information , we infer new information from data we collect to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). We do not use sensitive identifiers to make inferences about you Using identifiers, product/purchase information , and service information , we conduct research and analytics designed to understand our customers and improve and grow our business, products, services, and customer experience. Using identifiers , contact information , product/purchase information , and service information , we communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support. To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud or unlawful or criminal activity, access to, or use of personal data and our data systems. 5. GENERAL INFORMATION SHARING In addition to the specific information sharing outlined above, we disclose personal information for the following business purposes: Service Providers. We have retained the following categories of third-party service providers to perform services on our behalf: Information technology services Data management services Advertising and marketing agencies eCommerce platform providers Data analytics services Customer relationship management services Cloud services Customer support and technical services Professional services Fraud detection and deterrence services Search engine optimization services Promotions services Transportation and delivery services When performing these tasks, service providers often have access to your personal data. Business Representatives. We collect professional personal data about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our customers, suppliers, and business partners, in connection with the operation of our business, which may include: Identifiers and contact Information: Including full name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number.Professional Information: Including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background, and nature of the relationship with us.Tax and Payment Information: Including a personal tax identification number, bank account information, and payment information where you are a representative of a sole proprietor or similar legal structure that uses personal tax and account information in lieu of separate business information.Inquiry Information: Including the contents of emails, texts, and other communications and, where permitted by law, recordings of calls with us. Feedback Information, including information provided in response to surveys we may conduct with customers or business partners, or unsolicited feedback received regarding our services and business. Third Party Partner Offers. We partner with third parties who offer you products or services for purposes related to your purchase and use of GE Appliances, such as extended service plans through a third-party provider. We disclose to these partners identifiers, contact information, and product/purchase information . You may at any time use this form to opt out of the sale or disclosure of your data on a going-forward basis. To prevent harm or for law enforcement purposes. We will disclose personal information to respond to a subpoena or similar request from law enforcement, a court, or a government agency (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). We will also disclose personal information based on our good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a legal obligation, (b) protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties, (c) prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the services, (d) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, or (e) protect against legal liability. As a result of a change in our corporate structure. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any part of our business, assets, or stock, we would disclose personal information collected about you to third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. We will disclose personal information with third parties if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings. Any successor to or acquirer of GEA (or its assets) will continue to have the right to use your personal data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement With your consent. We may ask for your permission to disclose your personal information for a specific purpose not already identified in this Privacy Statement. We will ask for your consent before disclosing your personal data for such purpose. 6. CHOICES ABOUT YOUR DATA We provide a variety of ways for you to control the personal data about you we hold, including choices about how we use that information. In jurisdictions, these controls and choices are rights under applicable law. Email, telephone, and direct mail: You can stop receiving promotional emails from us by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in the emails. You can opt-out of all marketing communications on a going-forward basis by Text/SMS: You can stop receiving SMS updates or notices by following the directions found at our Third-party direct marketing: If you prefer that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with third parties for their direct marketing purposes related to your purchase and use of a GE Appliances product, you may opt-out of this sharing by completing this Location and device permissions: You can control location tracking by adjusting your location services options on the “Settings” page on your device. We may continue to approximate your location based on your IP address when you access the services through a computer or device. If you would like to update your device content access permissions, you can do so in the “Settings” of your device. Account access: If you have created an account with us, you can access and update your profile information, such as your username, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data-sharing preferences, on your account page. You can cancel your account by selecting “delete account” on your account homepage. If you cancel your account, we will terminate the account functionality. Account cancellation, however, will not result in deletion of information submitted to register your appliance. Third-party tracking and interest-based advertising. We participate in interest-based advertising and use third-party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. These activities are enabled by cookies and other trackers on our Services.Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can choose to disable cookies via either our cookie banner or the “Cookie Settings” link at the bottom of our websites and “SDK Preferences” tab in the settings of our apps. You can also go to your browser settings to learn how to delete or reject cookies. If you choose to delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features and capabilities of our Services. If you (a) change computers, devices, or browsers or (b) use multiple computers, devices, or browsers, you may need to repeat any steps you have taken to reject or block cookies for each new computer, device, or browser. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings or preferences controlled by those cookies may be deleted and may need to be recreated. We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device. We may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email address or user ID) or work with third-party partners who use tracking technologies or statistical modeling tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. We, and our partners, can use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across your devices (including to improve your user experience), to perform analytics, and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. For more information read our Global Privacy Control. Some browsers and browser extensions support the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating your choice to opt out from certain types of data processing, including data sales. When we receive such a signal from you, we will respect your choices indicated by a GPC setting as required by applicable law. Do Not Track. Some browsers include a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) setting that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. Unlike the GPC described above, there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal. Consequently, our websites do not respond to browser DNT signals. You can instead use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie and advertising controls described above. We do our best to comply promptly with your requests. You may continue to receive marketing communications for a short period after the date you submit your request. Your opt out won’t prohibit us from sending you important service-related communications, such as account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and safety notices. 7. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES Our websites and online services may include links to or redirect you to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications, including social media services where you may connect with us. These are not GE Appliances Services. Third-party websites may also reference or link to our websites and online services. Except where we post, link to, or expressly adopt or refer to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any personal data practices of third-party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies and terms of use. 8. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY The Services are not directed to or intended for use by minors, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us as described below. If we learn that any personal data has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will delete the information to the extent that we are able. 9. ADDITIONAL U.S. STATE PRIVACY PROVISIONS These Additional U.S. State Privacy Disclosures supplement the above information by providing supplemental information about our personal data processing practices relating to individual residents of the States of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms defined in our Privacy Notice retain the same meaning in these Disclosures.(a) SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA As noted above, the following personal data elements we collect may be classified as “sensitive data” under certain privacy laws: Government identifiers, including Social Security number, driver’s license number; Commercial information, including credit/debit card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV), and financial transaction data; Account information, including username and password. We use this sensitive information as described in the Our Collection and Use of Personal Data section above, to provide you products, services, and information, to enter into and perform a contract with you, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to protect the life or physical safety of you or others, or as otherwise permissible for our internal business purposes consistent with applicable laws. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of profiling or targeted advertising. (b) DEIDENTIFIED INFORMATION We may at times receive or process personal data to create de-identified data that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified data, we will keep and use the data in de-identified form and not attempt to re-identify the data except as required or permitted by law. (c) YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise the following rights: Right To Know. The right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, under some state laws, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal data about you we have we have collected, used, disclosed, shared, and/or sold. Right to Access & Portability. The right to obtain access to the personal data about you we have collected and the right to obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance. Right to Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we collect or maintain. This right is subject to our confirmation that the information is inaccurate. Right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that we collect or maintain. We may need to keep certain information. For example, we may need to retain your information if you have an active warranty on a GE Appliances product, to facilitate a product recall, to complete an open transaction, to provide a good or service requested by you, to provide a good or service, or for internal purposes as reasonably anticipated within the context of our business relationship, and as described in the Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Data. To the extent GE Appliances “sells” your personal data (as defined under applicable law), you may opt out of that sale on a go-forward basis at any time. You may also have the right to opt out of the “sharing” of your personal data with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes or for targeted advertising purposes. Right To Opt Out of Automated Decision-Making. Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to opt out of having businesses make automated decisions about you through use of your personal data. GE Appliances does not engage in automated decision-making that is subject to this right. You will not receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. (d) SUBMITTING PRIVACY RIGHTS REQUESTS To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please: Navigate to our Call us toll-free at 1-833-524-9055. We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. We will do so by emailing the address you provide us, and that matches our records, and wait for your response. After receiving your response, we will investigate whether we possess information that permits us to make a three-point match identifiers (full name), contact information (phone, address, email), with the information you provide in your request. In some instances, we may ask for additional information. This is how we verify your identity before complying. For requests to opt out of sales, sharing, or marketing communications, we require only an email address. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. We will use provided personal data only to review and comply with the request. To Exercise Your Right To Opt Out of Personal Data Sales or Sharing We respect your preference that we not sell or share your personal data with third parties that are not our service providers.To the extent we “sell” or “share” your personal data (as defined under applicable law), you may opt out of such “selling” or “sharing” of your data. To opt out of the sale or sharing of your cookie data for data analytics or targeted advertising by using our cookie preference tools, which you can access via the Cookie Settings link on our webpages and apps or by enabling the Global Privacy Control on your browser. Depending on your state of residence, you may be able opt out of targeted advertising based on information not collected by cookies or other trackers by submitting a request using our (e) AUTHORIZED AGENTS In certain circumstances you are permitted to designate an authorized agent to exercise your privacy rights using the methods designated above. Please provide the agent with written permission, signed by you, authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. The agent must submit that written permission along with the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residence, we may still need to reach out to you to confirm that the authorize agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify our identity in connection with the request. (f) APPEALING RIGHTS DECISIONS Depending on your state of residence, you may be able to appeal to us if we refuse to take action on your exercise of certain choices described above. All appeal requests should be submitted via our (g) MINORS We do not sell the personal data of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “Right to Opt In”) from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly as described below. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances. If you wish to submit a privacy request on behalf of your minor child in accordance with applicable jurisdictional laws, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative). (h) CALIFORNIA-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS In addition to the items described above, the following provisions are applicable if you are a California resident. Notice at Collection. At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared , and how long such information is retained . You can find those details in this Privacy Statement by clicking the above links. Right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information. To the extent we “sell” or “share” information with third parties (as those terms are defined under California law) you have a right at any time to opt out on a going-forward basis. Please refer to the section titled To Exercise Your Right To Opt Out of Personal Data Sales or Sharing for more information. You may opt out of the sale or sharing of your cookie data for data analytics or targeted advertising by using our cookie preference tools, which you can access via the Cookie Settings link on our webpages and apps or by enabling the Global Privacy Control on your browser. Right to limit use of sensitive personal information. You have the right to limit our use of your sensitive personal information for any purposes other than to provide the goods and services you request or as otherwise permitted by law. Sensitive information includes Social Security number, driver’s license number, biometric information, precise geolocation, and racial and ethnic origin. GE Appliances uses your sensitive personal information only as described above. Financial Incentives. We offer various discounts, special pricing, promotions, and exclusive offers (“Special Offers”). When you sign up for Special Offers, we will ask you to provide your identifiers (name and email address or phone number) to identify you as a participant and to provide you relevant messaging, experiences, and deals. Special Offers are “opt in” and subject to terms and conditions which will be provided to you at the time of signup. To the extent that a specific offer constitutes a “financial incentive” under applicable law we will also describe how the value of your personal information to us is reasonably related to the value of the free or discounted products or services that you obtain in connection with the relevant Special Offer.Generally, the value of your personal information correlates to the value of the free or discounted products or services that you obtain in connection with the Special Offer and is based on the expense to us of offering you those free or discounted items. The benefits provided to you (or realized by GE Appliances) vary depending on factors such as what you purchase, how you purchase, or which offers you choose. We also incur a variety of expenses related to Special Offers. These may include, for example, cost associated with discounts on purchases, free shipping or delivery, and expenses of collecting and processing your data. You may opt in to a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided, and you can opt out at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in the applicable program’s terms and conditions, promotional emails, or text messages, as well as by contacting us using the information in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Statement. “Shine the Light”. California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their personal data is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law, or the right to opt out of such practices (Civ. Code §1798.83). You can opt out at any time on a going-forward basis by using our Privacy Webform and choosing Opt out of the sale of my data. (i) NEVADA-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS If you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt out of the current or future sale of certain of your personal information. We do not currently sell any of your personal information under Nevada law, nor do we plan to do so in the future. If you would like to opt out of the future sale of your personal information, please contact us with sufficient information so that we can identify you. 10. HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL DATA We maintain administrative, technical, organizational, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction of your personal data. We employ operations controls such as patching, fixing, and updating software, penetration testing, and logging and monitoring of systems activity. We actively inventory our IT assets, deploy network security measures, and maintain business continuity and secure software development processes. As appropriate, we use technology including encryption, back-ups, access management, security event logging, anti-virus software, and multi-factor authentication. We cannot, however, guarantee the absolute security of your data. We recommend that you use complex and unique passwords for your GEA accounts and for third-party accounts linked to them. Do not share your passwords with anyone. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, immediately notify us as described in the How to Contact Us section below. 11. HOW LONG WE RETAIN PERSONAL DATA We strive to retain your personal data only for as long as is needed or permitted, based on the purpose for which it was collected. If necessary, however, we may retain your personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire (for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and/or accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator, or other government authority), or for regulatory or safety purposes To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal data and if we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, and other applicable obligations. Accordingly, we retain personal data for as long as you use our Services and for the purposes explained in this Privacy Statement, including maintaining a user account, to permit us to comply with regulatory requirements, to perform contracts, to complete transactions, to perform services, to communicate with you about safety issues, and for uses to which you consent. When you discontinue the use of our Services, we will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and defend claims, as well as for any additional purpose based on the choices you have made (such as to receive marketing communications), the length of your relationship with us, your product purchases, and your service history. This means we may retain your personal data even after you close your account with us. Rather than delete your data, we might de-identify it by removing identifying details. 12. COMPLAINTS You may be able to submit a complaint about our privacy practices to a government authority with jurisdiction to receive such complaints.13. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make significant or material change in the way we collect, use, or share your personal data, we will post a special note on our websites and apps. We will obtain your consent as required by law. When we make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will update the Statement's effective date. All changes are effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification. 14. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, you can For Canadian residents, please contact GE Appliances Canada electronically at , via telephone at (888) 561-3344, or via post to GE Appliances Canada, P.O. Box 5345, Burlington, Ontario, L7R 5B6, Attention: Legal Department, Privacy Officer. Copyright 2023 GE Appliances, a Haier company GE is a trademark of the General Electric company. Manufactured under trademark license. We recently updated our Privacy Notice with important information. Please familiarize yourself with the updated terms. We use cookies to enhance your experience on our site, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing activities. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings. By clicking Accept Cookies or closing this dialogue you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more, visit our cookie notice . Cookie Settings Your PrivacyEssential CookiesFunctional CookiesAnalytics CookiesAdvertising Cookies Your Privacy Information About This Site’s Use of Cookies: This website uses cookies (“Cookies”) to distinguish you from other users of our website. A Cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer`s hard drive. These Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allow us to improve our sites. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information about the Cookies we use you may read our Cookies Notice here. Cookie Notice Essential Cookies These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our website and so cannot be turned off. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and log in to your account and or fill out forms. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). If you do not allow these cookies, then some parts of our site may not function properly. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by us or by our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label