Data Privacy Privacy Privacy policy In this privacy policy, we – Gigaset Communications GmbH (hereinafter called " Gigaset ") – inform you of how we use your personal information when you visit our website www.gigaset.com Personal information is information relating to an identified or identifiable person. This includes, in particular, information that enables conclusions to be drawn about your identity, such as your name, your phone number, your address or email address. Statistical data, which we collect when you visit our website and cannot be associated with you as a person, does not fall under the definition of personal information. 1. Content of this privacy policy Your contact person The contact and responsible person for the use of your personal information when you visit this website, within the terms of the EU Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is Gigaset Communications GmbH Frankenstr. 2 46395 Bocholt, Germany Tel.: +49 (0) 2871 / 912 912 You can also contact our data protection officer at any time for all questions concerning the topic of data protection in connection with our products or use of our website. This officer can be reached at the above postal address and email address (keyword: "FAO Data Protection Officer"). 2. Use of data on our gigaset.com website Access data Every time you visit our website, we collect the access data that your browser automatically transmits, to allow you to visit the website. This access data includes, in particular: IP address of the requesting deviceDate and time of the requestAddress of the accessed website and of the requesting websiteInformation about the used browser and operating systemOnline identifiers (e.g. device identifiers, session IDs) This access data must be processed to allow you to visit the website and to ensure long-term functioning and security of our systems. The access data is also temporarily stored, for the purposes already outlined, in internal log files, in order to create statistical information about the use of our website, in order to develop our website in regard to the usage habits of our visitors (for example if there is an increase in the number of mobile devices to access the pages) and in order to maintain the general administration of our website. The legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. The information stored in the log files does not allow for direct conclusions to be drawn about your person – in particular, we store IP addresses in a shortened, anonymous form only. The log files are stored for 30 days and subsequently anonymised and archived. Getting in contact You have several ways to get in touch with us. These include via the contact form, the telephone hotline, as well as emailing us. In this context, we process data solely for the purpose of communicating with you. The legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. When using the contact form, the data collected by us is automatically deleted once your request has been processed in full, unless we need your request to fulfil contractual or statutory obligations (see the section entitled "Storage duration"). Creating a user account You have the option of signing up for our login area, to use the full functionality of our website. We have marked the mandatory information you must provide – first name, last name, email address, password – as mandatory fields. It is not possible to sign up without providing this information. The legal basis for this processing of information is Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. Managing a user account Following successful registration, you can manage personal user account via gigaset.com. The following functions are available to do this: user account information, address book, my orders, my wishlist, newsletter subscriptions, registered products, reporting a repair, my repair orders, my customer reviews. You can add additional personal data using the address book. These are: first name, last name, company, phone, fax, address, street, state, post code, city. In this context, we process information solely for executing our services such as conducting repair orders. The legal basis for this processing of information is Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. Orders In the case of an order process, we collect information necessary for settling the contractual obligation: First name, last nameCompanyPost code, city, addressCountryEmail addressBilling and shipping address Optional information includes phone and fax numbers to allow us to contact you if there are any queries. The legal basis for this processing of information is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. All payments made in our online shop are processed via our payment provider PAYONE GmbH, Lyoner Straße 9, 60528 Frankfurt/Main, Germany.In the process, you transmit your payment information to the PayOne server over a secure https connection. This information is transmitted solely to process your payment. Please refer to the PayOne privacy policy https://www.payone.com/en/privacy/. The contracting partner for the payment provider is Gigaset Communications GmbH, Frankenstr. 2a, 46395 Bocholt, Germany. Newsletter You have the option of subscribing to our newsletter, which includes regular updates regarding innovations to our products and campaigns. To subscribe to our newsletter, we use the double opt-in procedure, i.e. we will only send you the newsletter via email once you have clicked on a link in our notification email to confirm that you are the owner of the specified email address. Once you confirm your email address, we store that, the time of registration and the IP address used to sign up, until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. The information is stored solely for the purpose of sending you the newsletter and proving your registration. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. There is a corresponding unsubscribe link in every newsletter. Sending a message to the contact information specified above or in the newsletter (e.g. via email or letter) is, of course, also sufficient. The legal basis for this processing of information is your consent in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. a of the EU Data Protection Regulation. In our newsletter, we use commercially available technologies to measure the interactions with the newsletter (such as opening the email, links that have been clicked on). We use this data in pseudonymous form to create general statistical evaluations and to optimise and further develop our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics (called pixels) embedded in the newsletters. The information will only be collected in pseudonymous form; the collected information is not linked to your other personal information either. The legal basis for this is our specified legitimate interest in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation. Using our newsletter, we want to share as much relevant content as possible with our customers and better understand what readers are actually interested in. If you do not want your user behaviour to be analysed, you can unsubscribe from the newsletter or disable graphics in your email program by default. The information collected on interactions with our newsletters is stored in pseudonymous form for 30 days and then in completely anonymous form. It is possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of each newsletter. Alternatively, you can direct your opt-out request at any time to the above contact information. Push notifications Our website uses OneSignal software from OneSignal, located at 2194 Esperanca Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95054, USA (hereinafter OneSignal). OneSignal's Push API gives us the ability to send notifications to interested visitors and customers and display them directly in the operating system. Push notifications always require the user's consent. To do this, information that can be accepted or rejected is displayed next to the address bar. Your consent for push notifications on our website can be revoked in your browser settings. If you give us your consent, no personal data will be collected. Your IP is stored anonymously, which prevents any inference to a specific Internet connection. Details on the handling of your personal data by OneSignal and your rights in this respect can be found in OneSignal's data protection information at https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy . The storage by OneSignal is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation and pre-contractual measures pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. The website operator has a legitimate interest in informing potential customers about new products and services on the website. Competitions and promotions In the context of competitions and promotions, we use your information for the purpose of holding competitions and promotions and notifying winners. You will find detailed information in the terms and conditions for the respective competition or promotion. The legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. Customer service Information about the processing of personal data in the context of our customer service can be found in our customer service data protection guideline . Other cases of balancing interests (Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation) In addition, we may use your information based on a balance of interests to protect the legitimate and usually economic interests of ours or third parties, whereby we use pseudonymous or anonymous data processing as much as possible.This is done for the following purposes: To check and improve the efficiency and legal certainty of business processesTo check, optimise and further develop products and servicesTo advertise (e.g. postal advertising), to conduct market research and surveysTo assert legal claims and defence in legal disputesTo detect, prevent and investigate criminal offencesTo ensure the security and operation of our IT systems To meet further legal obligations (Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. c of EU Data Protection Regulation) We are subject to various legal obligations, such as statutory retention obligations in terms of business documents, as well as to statutory export provisions. Our website uses for this purpose the chat program of iAdvize, a service of iAdvize Société par actions simplifiées, 9 Rue Nina Simone, Euronantes Gare, Le Berlingot bât. B, F-44000 Nantes, France ("iAdvize"). If you have general or specific questions or problems regarding our products, services or our Gigaset Shop, you can send us a message via iAdvize. You will be shown whether someone is currently online to answer you immediately. If this is not the case, your request will be answered immediately during our business hours. In this context, the data will be processed exclusively for the purpose of communication with you. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation. When you use iAdvize, the IP address of the device and the address of the subpage from which you access iAdvize are collected. The IP address is anonymized. iAdvize also uses cookies and similar technologies to collect user and visitor data. The data collected in this context can be transferred to an iAdvice server and stored there. Performed chats are logged and saved. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. For your future consultation and to further optimize our website and services, the communication processes are stored for 30 days. For quality assurance reasons, it is possible for team leaders to randomly watch individual chats or listen in on phone calls. If you do not wish this, please inform your advisor. Further information can be found in the data protection information of iAdvize http://www.iadvize.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung/ 3. Use of cookies We need to use cookies for a part of our services. A cookie is a small text file that is stored by the browser on your device. Cookies are not used to run programs or to load viruses onto your computer. Rather, the main purpose of our own cookies is to provide offerings and products tailored specifically to your requirements, and to design the use of our services to be as efficient as possible. We use our own cookies, in particular, To authenticate loginsTo save shopping basketsTo save your language settingsTo save your favourite productsTo note that information has been placed and displayed to you on our website, so that this information is not displayed again the next time you visit the website. We want to offer a more convenient and customised use of our website. These services are based on our above-mentioned legitimate interests; the legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation. In addition, we use cookies and similar partner technologies for analysis and marketing purposes. This is described in more detail in the following sections. 4. Use of cookies and similar technologies for online advertising We also use cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes. Some of the access data collected during the use of our website is used for interest-based advertising. Through the analysis and evaluation of this access data, it is possible for us to provide personalised advertising on our website and on the websites of other providers. This means advertising that relates to your real interests and needs. The legal basis for data processing outlined in the following section is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation, based on our legitimate interest of offering personalised advertising. In the following section, we want to explain these technologies and the providers we use in greater detail. The information collected may, in particular, be The IP address of the deviceThe date and time of accessThe identification number of a cookieThe device identifier of mobile devicesTechnical information about the browser and operating system. However, the collected information is stored exclusively in pseudonymous form, so that no direct conclusions can be drawn to persons. You can disable the option to store these cookies at any time in your browser system settings and delete existing cookies. There are also extensions/plugins for browsers to prevent the use of cookies. Each user can view the website without using cookies.If you do not accept cookies, however, this can result in the functionality of our website being restricted. The descriptions below of the technologies used by us contain information regarding the opt-out options for our analysis and advertising measures by means of opt-out cookies. Please note that an opt-out cookie must be set again after you have deleted all cookies in your browser or subsequently used another browser and/or profile. Alternatively, you can exercise your right to opt-out by selecting the appropriate settings on the Truste , NAI , DAA or Your Online Choices websites, which provide bundled opt-out options for a range of advertisers. Both sites allow for the listed providers to disable all ads at once by means of opt-out cookies; alternatively, you can select the settings for each individual provider. Facebook Conversion and Retargeting Tags For marketing purposes, our websites use conversion and retargeting pixel tags (also known as "Facebook pixels") from the social network Facebook, a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA ("Facebook"). We use Facebook pixels to analyse the general usage of our websites and to understand the effectiveness of Facebook advertising ("Conversion"). In addition, we use the Facebook pixels to provide you with personalised advertising messages based on your interest for our products ("retargeting"). Facebook therefore processes data that is collected by the service via cookies and similar technologies on our websites. In this context, the data can be transferred by Facebook to a server in the USA and stored there for evaluation purposes. In the event that personal information is transferred to the USA, Facebook is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield . If you are a member of Facebook and have allowed Facebook via your account privacy settings, Facebook can link the information collected about your visit to our website with your member account and use this for the targeted activation of Facebook ads. You can view and amend your Facebook profile privacy settings at any time. If you are not a member of Facebook, you can prevent the processing of data by Facebook, by clicking on the deactivation switch for "Facebook" on the TRUSTe website mentioned above. You can still prevent information from being processed, by clicking on the following button. Facebook Tracking Opt-Out If you disable Facebook processing data, Facebook will only show general Facebook ads that are not selected based on the information collected about you. For more information, please refer to the Facebook privacy policy . Google DoubleClick Our website uses DoubleClick by Google, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). DoubleClick uses cookies and similar technologies to show you relevant ads. The use of the DoubleClick allows Google and its partner websites to activate ads based on previous visits to our or other websites on the Internet. In this context, the data can be transferred by Google to a server in the USA and stored there for evaluation purposes. In the event that personal information is transferred to the USA, Google is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield . You can prevent cookies from being saved by configuring the relevant setting in your browser (as described above). However, if you do so, you might not be able to make full use of all website functions. Furthermore, you can prevent Google from recording and processing the data created by cookies and the data relating to your use of the website by downloading and installing the browser plug-in for double-click deactivation. As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile devices, you can disable advertising in Google Ads Settings by clicking on the button "Ads Personalization". In this case, Google will only show general ads that are not selected based on the information collected about you. For more information, please refer to the Google privacy policy . Google Tag Manager Our website uses Google Tag Manager, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The Tag Manager is used to manage tracking tools and other services, so-called website tags. A tag is an element that is stored in the source text of our website, with the task of capturing specified usage data. Google Tag Manager does not use cookies. Google Tag Manager ensures that the usage data required by our partners (see the data processing steps outlined above) is transferred to the partners. In some cases, the data will be processed on a Google server in the USA. In the event that personal information is transferred to the USA, Google is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield. The legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation, based on our legitimate interest, to embed and manage multiple tags on our website in an uncomplicated way.For more information, please refer to the information provided by Google for Tag Manager. Rubicon Our online shop continues to use Rubicon, a service of The Rubicon Project Ltd., Walmar House, 5th Floor, 296 Regent St., London, W1B 3HR, United Kingdom ("Rubicon"). Rubicon uses cookies in order to show you relevant ads. To do this, we use re-targeting technology, which allows us to address visitors to our online shop with ads to our partner websites that have shown an interest in our products. Only anonymous and pseudonymous information is collected; no personal information is stored or usage profiles containing your personal information – where available – is consolidated. You can prevent cookies from being saved by configuring the relevant setting in your browser (see above). However, if you do so, you might not be able to make full use of all website functions. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website being sent to Rubicon as well as the processing of this data by Rubicon, by clicking on the opt-out button on the Rubicon website ("Please do NOT collect information about me using cookies and other tracking technologies."). To do this, click on the following link: https://rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/ Please note that, in this case, the opt-out must be set again after you have deleted all cookies in your browser or subsequently used another browser and/or profile. For more information, please refer to the Rubicon privacy policy https://rubiconproject.com/privacy/ . 5. Embedding YouTube videos We have embedded videos in our website that are stored on YouTube and can be played directly from our websites. YouTube is a multimedia service of YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA ("YouTube"), a subsidiary of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). In the event that personal information is transferred to the USA, Google and its subsidiary, YouTube, are subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield . The legal basis is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation, based on our legitimate interest on the integration of video and image content. By visiting our website, YouTube and Google receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding sup-page of our website. This information is collected regardless of whether you are logged into YouTube or Google or not. YouTube and Google use this information for the purposes of advertising, market research and requirements-based design of their websites. If you access our website from YouTube when you are logged into your YouTube or Google profile, YouTube and Google can also link this event with the respective profiles. If you do not want this information to be allocated, you need to log out before accessing our website on Google. As outlined above, you can configure your browser to reject cookies, or you can prevent the information generated by cookies and the data relating to your use of the website from being captured, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by disabling the "Ads Personalization Across the Web" button in the Google Ad Settings . In this case, Google will only display non-personalised ads. For more information, refer to the Google privacy policies (also applicable to YouTube). 6. Use of social plugins On our website, we offer you the option to use social media buttons. These buttons are only embedded as a graphic on the website and contain a link to the corresponding website of the provider button. Clicking on the graphic takes you to the services of the respective providers. Only then will your data be sent to the respective providers. If you do not click on the graphic, no exchange of information takes place between you and the providers of the social media buttons. Information about the collection and use of your information in the social networks can be found in the respective terms of use of the corresponding providers. On our website we have integrated social media buttons for the following companies: Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave - Palo Alto - CA 94304 - USA) Twitter Inc. (795 Folsom St. - Suite 600 - San Francisco - CA 94107 - USA) Google Plus/Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway – Mountain View - CA 94043 - USA) 7. Disclosure of data Essentially, data collected by us is only disclosed if: You have given your express consent to this in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. a of the EU Data Protection RegulationIt is necessary to assert, exert or defend legal claims in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation and there is no reason to believe that you have is an overriding legitimate interest to stop the disclosure of your informationWe are legally obliged to disclose your data in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit.c of the EU Data Protection Regulation This is legally permissible and, in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. b of the EU Data Protection Regulation, is necessary for the handling of contractual relationships with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures to be carried out at your request. Some data may be processed within our Gigaset Group (Gigaset GmbH, Frankenstraße 2, 46395 Bocholt, Germany; Gigaset AG, Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 5, 80636 Munich, Germany; GIG Holding GmbH, Bernhard-Wicki-Straße 5, 80636 Munich, Germany). In addition to those service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, we use, in particular, data centres that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our system, and also consulting companies. If we disclose information to our service providers, the data must solely be used to fulfil their tasks. The service providers have been carefully selected and instructed by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect the rights of the persons concerned and are checked by us on a regular basis. In addition, disclosure in connection with regulatory inquiries, court decisions and legal procedures can take place when it is necessary for prosecution or enforcement. 8. Storage duration Essentially, we only store personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil contractual or statutory obligations to which we have collected the information. We will then instantly delete the data, unless we need the data until the expiry of the statutory period of limitation for evidential purposes for rights according to civil law or due to statutory retention obligations. We must keep contractual information for evidential purposes for three years starting from the end of the year in which the business relationships with you end. Any claims shall become statute-barred after the statutory period of limitation at the earliest at this time. We also need to save some of your information for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so on account of statutory documentation obligations arising from the Commercial Code, the Tax Code, the Banking Act, the Money Laundering Act and the Securities Trading Act. The specified time limits for retention of documents is two to ten years. 9. Your rights You have the right, at any time, to request information regarding the processing of your personal information by us. We will explain the data processing as part of the disclosure and will provide an overview of the information stored about you. If the information we have saved is incorrect or no longer be up-to-date, you have the right to have this information corrected. You can also demand for your information to be deleted. If deletion is not possible due to other legal provisions in exceptional cases, the information will be locked, meaning that it is available only for this statutory purpose. You can also restrict the processing of your data, for example if you believe that the information stored by us is incorrect. You also have the right to data portability, in other words, that we will send you, on request, a digital copy of the personal information provided by you. In order to assert your rights described here, please do not hesitate to contact us at the contact information provided. This also applies if you would like to receive copies of guarantees to demonstrate a reasonable level of data protection. In addition, you have the right to object to the data processing based on Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. e or f of the EU Data Protection Regulation. Finally, you have the right to submit a complaint to the competent data protection supervisory authority. You can assert this right at a supervisory authority in the member state of your place of residence, place of work or the location of the alleged infringement. In North Rhine Westphalia, the competent supervisory authority is: Landesbeauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit Nordrhein-Westfalen, Postfach 20 04 44, 40102 Düsseldorf, Germany (State representative for data protection and freedom of information). 10. Right to withdrawal and objection In accordance with Article 7 Paragraph 2 of the EU Data Protection Regulation, you have the right, at any time, to revoke the consent given to us once. The result will be that we will stop processing your information based on this consent. By withdrawing consent, the lawfulness of processing carried out based on consent through to withdrawal shall not be affected. As far as we process your information based on legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 lit. f of the EU Data Protection Regulation, you have the right, in accordance with Article 21 of the EU Data Protection Regulation, to object to the processing of your personal information, provided there are reasons arising from your specific situation or objection to direct advertising.In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, even without specifying reasons. If you want to make use of your right to withdrawal or right to objection, it is sufficient to send an informal message to the contact information provided above. 11. Data security We maintain the latest technical measures to guarantee data security and, in particular, to protect your personal information from threats during data transfers, as well as to protect your information from obtained by third parties. These measures are adjusted according to the current state of the art in each case. To secure the personal information provided on our website, on sensitive pages/sub-pages we use Transport Layer Security (TLS), which encrypts the information that you enter. 12. Changes to the privacy policy We will occasionally update this privacy policy, for instance when we adapt our website or when the statutory or regulatory requirements change. Version: 1.0/Date: May 2018 Top InternationalGreat BritainGermanyFranceNetherlandsItalyAustriaSwitzerlandBelgiumDenmarkNorwayPolandRussiaSpainTurkey