Glasgow EPB Privacy Policy PRIVACY RIGHTS POLICY OF GLASGOW EPB RELATING TO CABLE TELEVISION, INTERNET AND ELECTRIC CUSTOMERS The Cable Television Act of 1992 reaffirms certain provisions of the Cable Policy Act of 1984 regarding the collection and maintenance of personally identifiable information by cable television operators. In accordance with those provisions, the Glasgow EPB (GEPB) in the operation of its electric, cable and internet systems, collects and maintains personally identifiable information concerning subscribers, some of which they may be required to provide, and other information is generated in the course of servicing their accounts. That information includes GEPB customer account numbers, customer created login ID and password, name, address, ZIP code, bank account number and/or credit card number, billing records, maintenance and repair records, premium service subscription information, email address, and electric and energy usage, hereafter referred to as Confidential Customer Information, or CCI. This information is secured and at the present time is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Accordingly, the GEPB hereby establishes, the policies set forth herein concerning CCI and customers’ status as subscribers to services of the GEPB, which supersede all previous policies relating to the same subject. Unless otherwise noted, all personally identifiable information is used solely for the normal business purpose of offering and rendering cable TV, internet and electric energy service to customers. Some persons have access to such information when necessary in connection with our business. Access is as often as necessary and may be on a day-to-day basis. Those people include EPB employees, businesses which provide services to GEPB’s electric, cable and internet system, such as its accountants, billing and collection services, program and program guide providers where applicable, cable program providers which will periodically audit subscription information and representatives of the franchising authorities. The Glasgow EPB will not maintain such information after it is no longer necessary for carrying on its business, or as otherwise required by law. Neither GEPB nor its online payment providers will release, trade or sell any information obtained from its customers, unless otherwise provided herein, or by law. Any customer of the Glasgow EPB may review his/her/its CCI held by the GEPB by giving a reasonable time to locate and, if necessary, prepare the information for review. A request to review personal information must be by letter or telephone to arrange a convenient and reasonable time for a review. The review will be at our local office at 100 Mallory Drive, Glasgow, Kentucky. A customer may request correction of any errors in personal information which we collect or maintain pertaining to that customer, and such correction shall be made, if deemed appropriate, by the GEPB. Federal law prohibits the cable system of the GEPB from the collection of personally identifiable information other than information necessary to carry on our business or to detect theft of services, unless you consent. To the extent that the GEPB is permitted to collect personally identifiable information, it is permitted to disclose such information only to the extent necessary to conduct its business. In addition, the law allows the disclosure of a customer’s name and address for non-cable service related mailing lists or other purposes unless you tell us you do not wish us to disclose it. However, such disclosures of names and addresses may not be in a form that discloses the extent or type of any use you make of services we provide. Except as indicated in the preceding paragraph, The GEPB will not disclose personally identifiable information without your consent, which may be given directly to the GEPB or by implication (such as a public disclosure by the customer, or representative thereof, of his/her/its alleged information concerning usage of services), unless required to do so by court order or valid subpoena. If we are served with a court order to obtain personally identifiable information concerning a cable customer, the customer will be given a reasonable opportunity to contest issuance of such an order. In addition, in accordance with the United States of America Patriot Act of 2001, the GEPB may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to law enforcement officials in accordance with both court orders and subpoenas, however, we may not disclose records revealing your selection of video programming. A customer may not be entitled by law to prior notice or the opportunity to contest these disclosures. The same requirements do not apply to a subscriber to GEPB’S internet service.Instead, in some instances it may disclose personally identifiable information and CPNI to representatives of government or to comply with a court order without the customer’s consent, or without advance, or any, notice, except that in these cases disclosure is not to include records revealing selection of video programming. In other situations, state welfare agencies may by administrative subpoena obtain a customer’s name, address, and other information as it appears in our records. The GEPB is required to notify the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children of information about child pornography that we become aware of in the course of providing our services. This information may be provided without a court order, and no notice or opportunity to contest such disclosure need be provided. If notice of specific legal requests or orders for personally identifiable information is given to a customer, and there is an opportunity for objection to such disclosures, it is the customer’s responsibility to object or take specific action to prevent these disclosures. The GEPB will not undertake such action. The Glasgow EPB reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and post it on our website (www.glasgowepb.com). The continued use of the service following such posting will be considered as acceptance of the change. PRIVACY RIGHTS POLICY OF GLASGOW EPB RELATING TO FiberIQ MOBILE APP How Glasgow EPB Collects Your Information Glasgow EPB collects, and processes information provided directly by you when you install the App and register for an account to use the App. Specifically, this information includes: Your name, email address, location, phone number.Browser information and session cookies related to your access and use of the App.Data insights Glasgow EPB attains based on correlation and analytics of your information collected in providing the App, which may be used in aggregated and dis-aggregated formats or to obtain trend analytics, to provide the App; andUse of the above-described collected information in aggregated and dis-aggregated formats to enhance our current App or to provide App features. How Glasgow EPB Uses the information collected as described in this Privacy Policy, including personal information, to: Provide you with the App as described in the Agreement.Implement, improve and/or enhance the App, including to make future releases available to you.Carry out Glasgow EPB obligations as described or authorized in the Agreement and this Privacy Policy.Enforce Glasgow EPB rights arising from the Agreement between you and Glasgow EPB ; andFulfill any other purpose authorized by you and reasonably required for the App. services Residential Energy Commercial Energy Cable Television Internet WatchTVEverywhere Commercial Fiber Co-Location i-Pay E-Billing WebMail Advertising GEPB 6 – The Local Channel Cable Commercial Insertion The Local Channel Billboard Advertising Original Content Sponsorship GEPB 9 – 24/7 Weather Advertising support GEPB Energy WebPortal Submit Online Trouble Ticket FAQs Bill Pay Support Electricity Support Internet Support Cable TV Support GEPB Alerts Round-Up Program Contact Us About Brand Guide/Resources GEPB Meetings Careers Open Records 2022 GEPB Audit Report GEPB Privacy Policy BITS GEPB Analytics Follow @glasgowepb Facebook-f Twitter Instagram Youtube © 2023 glasgow epb All rights reserved Glasgow Electric Plant Board100 Mallory drive, glasgow, ky 42141p.o. box 1809, glasgow, ky 42142(270) 651-8341 \ 24/7 pay-by-phone 844-400-0877