This website uses cookies Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Necessary 31 bc.visitor_token Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter. Expiry : 399 days Type : HTTP bc-visit-id Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP bc-visitor-id Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _bcvm_vid_# These cookies allow us to operate our online chat facility. They allow you to chat directly to an advisor and ask questions /resolve issues Expiry : Session Type : HTTP _bcvm_vrid_# These cookies allow us to operate our online chat facility. They allow you to chat directly to an advisor and ask questions /resolve issues Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bc_pv_end Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP pi_opt_in# [x4] Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Expiry : Session Type : HTML li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 179 days Type : HTTP _zcsr_tmp This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP s247cname For Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) prevention Expiry : Session Type : HTTP site24x7rumID Collects information on which products have been viewed by the visitor - This is used for optimizing the specific visitor's navigation on the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP sprig.sessionId This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Expiry : Session Type : HTML AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Expiry : 6 days Type : HTTP CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP bc.visitor_token [x3] Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML visitor_id#-hash [x4] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences CookieConsentBulkSetting-# Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Statistics 12 _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : HTML _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 399 days Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 399 days Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry : 29 days Type : HTTP _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP userleap.ids Cookies used for user experience research and improving our website experience.Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Marketing 39 _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP _ccmsi Used to track which users have shown interest in what job postings. The cookie ensures that the most relevant job postings are shown to the specific user. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML alreadyShow Stores a session based cookie to show promotional popup only once per user/ per session Expiry : Session Type : HTML IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel lpv# [x2] Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/401424386/ Tracks view-through conversion to measure return on investment (ROI) for display campaigns and optimize campaigns based on how users are responding to display ads. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/401424386/ Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple web sites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between web sites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/879027657/ Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple web sites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between web sites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP bscookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Expiry : 29 days Type : HTTP fr Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP i/jot Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel RichHistory Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Expiry : Session Type : HTML VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Expiry : 179 days Type : HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Session Type : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Expiry : Session Type : HTML visitor_id# [x4] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP alreadyShow Pending Expiry : 20 days Type : HTTP contactRegionCookie Pending Expiry : Session Type : HTTP learning/v1/pixel Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel learning/v1/pixel/add Pending Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Your consent applies to the following domains: List of domains your consent applies to: [#IABV2_TITLE#] Do not sell or share my personal information Cookiebot by Usercentrics Menu Menu Management and Automation Drive efficiency and reduce cost using automated certificate management and signing workflows. Certificates Trusted digital certificates to support any and every use case. Compliance Comply with regulatory obligations. Technology Alliances Complimentary or PKI-integrated strategic relationships with industry leading technology vendors. Certificate Management and Automation Reduce the effort, cost and time associated with managing multiple digital certificates. Document Signing Secure your documents and improve workflows with digital signatures and seals. Custom CA/ Private PKI Use a PKI expert to control your chain of trust. Learn More Website & Server Security (SSL/TLS) A wide range of SSL assurance levels, options and key support. Access Control & Authentication Control which users, machines and devices can access corporate network and services. Signing Certificates Digitally sign documents and encrypt sensitive emails. Learn More Learn More Learn More Become a GlobalSign Partner Learn more Our Partners Search for a partner Partner ProgramsDid you know you can automate the management and renewal of every certificate? Learn More PKI Management Made Easy Automated, Scalable, Integrated Digital Certificates Solutions What is ACME? Your digital certificates need automation. They get exactly that with ACME Services. Securing the Industrial IoT Market Explore the security challenges facing the industrial market in our whitepaper. Stay Secure with Digital Signatures Do you need digital signatures? Here's where to start... Secure IoT Devices in the Cloud! Our zero-touch 'chip-to-cloud' service for connected devices is a market leader! What is ACME? Your digital certificates need automation. They get exactly that with ACME Services. Securing the Industrial IoT Market Explore the security challenges facing the industrial market in our whitepaper. Stay Secure with Digital Signatures Do you need digital signatures? Here's where to start... Secure IoT Devices in the Cloud! Our zero-touch 'chip-to-cloud' service for connected devices is a market leader! What is ACME? Your digital certificates need automation. They get exactly that with ACME Services. Securing the Industrial IoT Market Explore the security challenges facing the industrial market in our whitepaper. Solutions for Every Endpoint Management, automation & integration tools you need to deploy PKI across your environment Digital Signatures SSL / TLS Secure Email Code Signing Authentication Mobile Automate & Manage PKI Easily manage PKI in any mixed endpoint environment Authentication - 2FA vs MFA Multi-factor authentication is essential for your enterprise Partner with us! Grow your revenue and scale with leading identity solutions. Thousands of resellers, service providers & VARs deploy our portfolio of PKI security and digital identity management solutions. See why! Trusted Around the World Thousands of enterprises around the world rely on our PKI & Identity Services to enable e-Services, reduce management costs, and secure mission-critical workflows.Our CloudSSL solution enables HotelPlanner.com to quickly issue and easy manage SSL/TLS for its partner domains, eliminating the burden on its partners and saving significant time and resources. HotelPlanner.com One of the largest providers of online group hotel bookings and event management loves us. Here's why. Contact Us Sales: Support: E-Mail: GlobalSign is the leading provider of trusted identity and security solutions enabling businesses, large enterprises, cloud service providers and IoT innovators around the world to secure online communications, manage millions of verified digital identities and automate authentication and encryption. Its high-scale Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and identity solutions support the billions of services, devices, people and things comprising the Internet of Everything (IoE). Click the downloads icon in the toolbar to view your downloaded file. Click the downloads icon in the toolbar to view your downloaded file. Your file has been downloaded, click here to view your file. Your file has been downloaded, click here to view your file. Your file has been downloaded, check your file in downloads folder. Your file has been downloaded, check your file in downloads folder. © 2023 GlobalSign. All Rights Reserved. Applying your settings... GlobalSign Website in other regions/languages news newsPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:Twitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice has been designed to inform you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data. N.Rich Technologies Oy (“N.Rich”, “IntentHub”, “we”, “us”, “our”) will be transparent with you about why and how we collect personal data. This Privacy Notice applies to personal information that we receive while we operate as a “controller” or as a “processor” under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) pr as a “business” or a “service provider” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Please note that this Privacy Notice may be revised and reissued from time to time. You should visit this page regularly to review the latest version. In brief N.Rich intent data, sales intelligence and advertising services for Business-to-Business (B2B) companies. We process both personal- and behavioural data in order to enable serving advertising and content that is more relevant for your work and professional interests. We use cookies and similar technologies and you can opt-out at any time. What we do We are N.Rich Technologies Oy, a Finnish company developing and operatingproviding two software-as-a-service platforms called N.Rich and IntentHub. N.Rich is an Account-Based Go-To-Market software platform offering advertising, sales intelligence, and automation capabilities to B2B companies. IntentHub is an intent data software platform for sales, marketing and customer-success functions of B2B companies. What this means is that our customers use our services to be able to offer more relevant products, services and messages to their existing and potential customers through utilizing company data, behavioural signals and targeted advertising capabilities we offer. We collect company-level behavioral data from millions of websites globally, through programmatic advertising systems, our clients’ or partners’ websites, and from our partners and augment this data using algorithms and machine-learning. We also deliver targeted advertising to companies and professionals through the said advertising systems. In order to offer our service, we process three types of data; (i) “pseudonymised” data that alone can’t be associated with the end-user, such as IP-address or unique user identifiers, (ii) direct personal data that can be associated with the end-user such as name, email address or phone number, and (iii) online and offline activity data that may be associated with the two categories of personal data described above and may be used for creating personal behavioural profile of the end-user for marketing, sales and analytics purposes. We process end-user personal and behavioural data in the business or professional role related to an organisation such as a company. We do not have any interest in processing or understanding the end-user data or behaviour in “consumer mode” related to a non-business or professional role. Since it is often impossible to separate professional and “consumer mode data”, we are typically forced to process “consumer mode” data as well. Whenever possible, we take active steps to avoid processing “consumer mode” data. We gather personal and activity data using three primary methods; (i) through a small piece of code called N.Rich Tag deployed on third party and our client websites, (ii) through integrations to our clients’ other software systems, and (iii) through our clients importing such data into the N.Rich software. We use cookies and similar technologies to store unique end-user identifiers into your web browser. Cookies are used to ensure that we or our clients reach the right end-users with advertising and the advertising content the end-users see will be relevant. We also use cookies for maintaining a consistent profile of the end-users and their activities enabling serving personalised advertising or content, and for providing analytics related to the activities and potential interest of the end-users towards our-, or our clients’ business offering. More information about the cookies used by N.Rich is available here . If you use a Google, Facebook, Linkedin or Twitter account, these platforms may – depending on the settings saved in your account – link your web and app browser history with your personal account and use information from your personal account in order to personalise advertisements.You can find more detailed information on this matter from: Google’s Privacy Statement , Facebook’s Data Usage Policy , Linkedin Privacy Policy , and from Twitter’s Privacy Policy To whom does this Privacy Policy apply? This Privacy Policy is relevant people whose data needs to be processed for us to offer our services as described in section 2, as well as visitors of our webistes. We have separate Privacy Policies for N.Rich clients using N.Rich software and for Potential Customers of N.Rich Technologies Products and Services . What does this Privacy Policy concern? N.Rich has created this Privacy Policy in order to inform you about: How do we process Personal Data?What Personal Data we process?Why do we process the personal data?To whom this Personal Data is disclosed?What are the rights of the data subjects?How is the Personal Data protected?Who should you contact in case you need more information? Definitions The General Data Protection Regulation means the REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (“GDPR”). “CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 , as amended (California Civil Code 1798.100 to 1798.199), and any related regulations or guidance provided by the California Attorney General. Terms defined in the , including personal information and business purposes, carry the same meaning in this Agreement. “Personal Data”, “Processing”, “Processor”, “Controller”, “Profiling” and “Data Subject” shall have the same meaning as in the . “Personal Information” as described in Section 1798.140(b),(o) and 1798.145(c)-(f) of the shall have the same meaning and included under the term of “Personal Data” pursuant to the for consumers that have certain rights that are protected under the . “Processing” as defined under the shall also comprise the meaning of “Collecting”, “Selling” and “Processing” as defined in Sections 1798.140(e),(o),(t),(q) and 1798.145 of the . “Cookie” is a small text file stored within your web browser (e.g. Google Chrome) when you visit a website, allowing site operators and their partners to store, for example, user preferences and unique identifiers. The site that places the cookie has permission to read its contents each time it communicates with your browser. The role of N.Rich Under the and , N.Rich may fulfil simultaneously two alternative roles towards the end-users, depending on the personal data processed and its source; N.Rich operates as the “controller” in accordance with Article 4(7) of the and as a “business” in accordance with California Civil Code Sections 1798.105, 1798.140, 1798.145 and 1798.155 with regards to the following personal data: Unique user identifiers stored as Cookies as well as IP address data stored and collected when you visit other websites than those owned by our Clients. User identifiers stored as browser Cookies and IP address data collected when you visit the websites of our clients. For this data, N.Rich may also have the “processor” role defined in the next paragraph. N.Rich operates as the “processor” of personal data in accordance with Article 4(8) of the and as a “service provider” in accordance with California Civil Code Sections 1798.105, 1798.140, 1798.145 and 1798.155 with regards to the following personal data: User identifiers stored as Cookies and IP address data collected when you visit websites of our clients. For this data, depending on a contract between the Client and N.Rich, N.Rich may also have the “controller” role for such data as defined in the above paragraph. Any direct personal data processed by N.Rich for which our client or partner has the role of a controller, including for example name, email address, phone number or job title. N.Rich has created a dedicated online service that allows end-users to verify what is the role fulfilled by N.Rich related to the processing of personal data pertaining to the given data subject.This online service is available at the following address: My data What personal data do we gather and process and what is the legal basis and purpose? Our service collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular data subject (pursuant to the ) or consumer (pursuant to the ). Therefore, to reach the intended target audiences, we need to process certain data that may include information related to natural persons/consumers, as described hereunder. The personal and activity data processed by N.Rich includes the following sources and categories: Pseudonymised personal information obtained from third-party websites: IP addresses and unique user identifiers stored as cookies. This data is collected automatically by the N.Rich Tag installed on the third-party websites. Pseudonymised personal information obtained from our client websites: IP addresses and unique user identifiers stored as cookies and IP addresses. This data is collected automatically by the N.Rich Tag installed on the client website. Direct personal information obtained from our clients: Data on business customers that has been collected in accordance with our clients’ own privacy policies, that may include, for example, name, business email address, phone number or job title. This data is collected either through integrations with clients’ other software systems or through the client importing the data into N.Rich platform Online activity data: Information on which third-party or client hosted web pages you visit and how you interact with such web pages. Information on the emails you receive from us or from our clients and how you interact with such emails. Other activity data: Information stored within our clients’ systems about your interactions, such as phone calls or meetings. A complete overview of the personal data, purpose and legal basis collected by N.Rich is illustrated in the table hereunder: Websites operated by our Clients, our partners or third-parties To recognise the actions you take on websites you visit; To deliver more relevant, personalised communications to you, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses; To allow our partners or clients to improve their advertising targeting and/or analytics capabilities. Consent (N.Rich as the Data Processor or Data Controller, Visit this page to learn more ) Article 6.1(a),(f). Section 1798.120 Our clients or their other software systems like Marketing Automation or CRM. To combine such identifiers originating from other systems, such as. Marketing Automation System with N.Rich identifiers and enable associating the data within such systems into the data within the N.Rich system. Defined by the Controller (e.g. N.Rich Client) N.Rich operates as the data processor. Article 6.1(a),(f). Section 1798.120 Websites operated by our Clients, our partners or third-parties To identify which company or organisation you work for. To deliver more relevant, personalised advertising and content to you; To allow our partners or clients to improve their advertising targeting and/or analytics capabilities. Legitimate interest or consent (N.Rich as the Data Processor or Data Controller, Visit this page to learn more ) Article 6.1(a),(f). Section 1798.120 1) Our clients or their other software systems like Marketing Automation or CRM. 2) When you decide to disclose such information to our Clients using the functionalities we provide. To combine the website activity data to email and person-to-person communication data and to deliver more relevant, personalised communications to you. Defined by the Controller (e.g.N.Rich Client) N.Rich operates as the data processor. Article 6.1(a),(f). Section 1798.120 In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed non-identifiable personal data, which is described above, for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: our affiliates;our clients;our service providers. We collect various kinds of behavioral data and associate these data with your personal details in order to enable us, or our clients, serve your needs better and to deliver more relevant and personalised communications to you (e.g. advertising, emails, person-to-person communications). Our Client, our Partner or third-party websites Emails our Clients have sent Interactions, such as calls or meetings, our Clients have logged in their systems, like the CRM Purpose and lawful basis for the data collection and data processing In order for us to be able to process your personal data, we may rely on different legal bases, including: Your separate consent (when legally and/or contractually required): For example, when we enable our clients to use Google Ads for remarketing (i.e. connecting with you based on your previous interactions with a website, advertising or application), we make sure we have obtained your consent for the use of your personal data for personalization of ads through the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework . Your separate consent as obtained from you by us or by our client (only when legally required). To the extent we rely on your consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by opting-out (see below); Our necessary and legitimate commercial interests and those of our clients, in particular, to provide analytics services and make sure our clients’ business-to-business marketing efforts, and those of our own, reach and engage their intended audience. With respect to this legal basis, we have carefully assessed our processing activities and determined that they are compatible with your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms as a data subject. You can find details of this “Legitimate Interest” assessment here . IAB TCF Policy Attestation As already indicated above, N.Rich participates in the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. The IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF) is an industry standard for obtaining user consent under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation and providing transparency into online advertising data practices. As a participant in the TCF, N.Rich commits to adhering to the TCF Policies and implementing the technical Specifications published by IAB Europe. This allows us to obtain, document, and respect user preferences for data processing in support of the digital advertising ecosystem. N.Rich’s participation in IAB’s TCF and compliance with its Policies and Specifications includes, in particular, the following: Registering with IAB Europe as a Framework participant.Integrating with a registered Consent Management Platform (CMP) to surface and honor transparency and consent signals.Disclosing our data processing activities aligned with standard TCF purposes and special purposes.Respecting user choices and objections communicated via TCF technical signals.N.Rich's identification number on the Global Vendor List , which enumerates TCF-registered companies, is 20 . Contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@n.rich for any questions related to our TCF compliance and participation. How do we share your information We may share your information with our clients and partners for the above-mentioned purposes and for carrying out related or complementary activities such as advertisement delivery or-analytics. We may share end user information with our affiliated companies, or from time to time use third parties to assist us with data processing, software development, hosting, database management and administrative tasks related to the processing activities described in this document. These third parties may be permitted to access your information, but they may only do so to perform these tasks on our behalf and are not allowed to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.It is important to highlight that we will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Moreover, we will not sell or disclose this data to any other third party, but we are using pseudonymised personal information such as cookies and IP addresses for targeting advertising through third parties. Such use may be considered “selling” according to , so we provide an option for you to opt-out from such use here. In addition, N.Rich may receive requests from law enforcement agencies / institutions as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. These requests may be necessary to investigate an alleged crime, to establish, exercise or defend legal rights. However, N.Rich will only fulfil such requests when allowed by the applicable law. Consumer and data subject rights End-users, residents in the protected by the or consumers protected under the of whom personal data is processed by N.Rich have the following rights as described hereunder: Right of access The right to request from N.Rich confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning them are processed by N.Rich. If that is the case, N.Rich’s end-users can request and get access to that personal data that was collected over the past (12) months in accordance with applicable law. End-users can request a copy of all the personal data you had shared with us in a machine-readable format at any time. When requesting such information, if based on pseudonymised data, such as a cookie identifier or IP address, we will not share any information without a concrete proof of association of such pseudonymised data to the specific individual. Please direct such requests by email to: privacy@n.rich. Right to rectification under the The right to request rectification of any inaccurate personal data that is processed by N.Rich. End-users have the right to provide additional personal data that is necessary to complete any missing information. End-users can do this by sending an email to privacy@n.rich. Right to erasure End-users are given the possibility to be able to completely or partially delete their personal data that is processed by N.Rich. The right only applies if this request meets one of six specific conditions as described under Article 17 of the . Under the , you have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers or clients to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining that Personal Information under is necessary for us, our clients or our service providers to: complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you; detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided for by law; comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement if you previously provided informed consent; enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; comply with a legal obligation;make other internal and lawful uses that are compatible with the context in which you provided it; processing customer requests. Right to object to, or limit to restrict, the use of data The personal data collected by N.Rich is based on the consent that was offered by the end-user. The end-user can at any time object to further processing of its personal data by N.Rich. End-users can contact N.Rich at privacy@n.rich for this purpose. Right to filing complaints End-users of personal data that N.Rich is processing must be aware that they can file complaints with the relevant data protection authority in their country in relation to N.Rich’s processing of their personal data. More information about this is available at the following address: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en . Your right to opt-out under the CCPA You may choose not to let N.Rich process your personal data to target advertisements to you by opting-out at any time. You are also able to opt-out of advertisement cookies we set by adjusting the cookie settings on your browser (please see your browser Help for how to do this). If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not to use your Personal Information at any time for any purpose (the right to opt-out). We do not use the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 18 years of age. In general, we do not collect any Personal Information about children. If we discover that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from these children, we will delete such data. If you believe we have collected Personal Information from a child, please contact us via email at privacy@n.rich. Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize use of Personal Information. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to the use of Personal Information at any time from here. We will only use Personal Information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. Non discrimination under the CCPA We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights.Unless permitted by the , we will not: deny goods or services from you;charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. To exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by sending us a letter on email privacy@n.rich. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request within one month (i.e. for personal data under the ) or 45 days (i.e. for personal information under the ) of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have not provided an email address, but have provided a mailing address, we will deliver our written response by mail. If you have provided an email account, we will deliver our written response to that email. We are not taking any responsibility for delivery failures because of faulty email or mailing addresses. Any disclosures will only be available for a 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. Please note, however, that due to the anonymization and pseudonymization measures explained above, we are usually not in a position to identify you as a data subject and thus not able or required to fulfill the above-mentioned requests. Please contact us for any inquiries related to exercising the above rights. We may charge you the reasonable costs of providing you access to this information where allowed by applicable law. Children’s Privacy N.Rich takes the protection of children’s privacy very seriously. N.Rich does not process personal data of persons under the age of 18. If N.Rich is informed about the processing of such personal data from a child under the relevant age without parental consent, we would take all reasonable steps to delete that data. Protection of Personal Data N.Rich takes the security of all data it processes very seriously as the security of the foregoing data is at the heart of N.Rich’s concern. We had put in place a framework of policies, procedures, and training to cover professional secrecy, data protection, confidentiality and security. A regular audit of the appropriateness of the measures is put in place to keep the data secure. Your information is stored in accordance with this Privacy Notice and any applicable laws in secure locations and servers within the European Economic Area as follows: Strict security measures are applied to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of your personal data when we process it. N.Rich follows strict data security procedures defined in ISO/IEC 27002 information security standards. We use physical, technical and organizational measures to counter the risk of accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, your personal data. Only designated persons and a limited amount of our personnel have access to the information. Our personnel have been trained to observe data security in their work.Where your personal data needs to be disclosed to our subcontractors, we require them to process and safeguard the data in a manner consistent with applicable laws and this Privacy Notice. Despite our continuous efforts to protect your personal data, you should acknowledge that: Due to the fast development of the IT development sector, in particular, in the security and privacy sector of the Internet, there are limitations which are beyond our control; The security, stability of the IT systems, and privacy of the information processed cannot be guaranteed; and Any such information and data may be read or interfered with a third-party, despite our continuous efforts to avoid that. Data retention We retain your information, related to your data, only for as long as is necessary for the purposes detailed in this notice. When this personal data is no longer required, N.Rich will delete it in a secure manner. N.Rich may also process personal data for statistical and algorithm / machine learning training purposes, but in such cases, the data will be anonymised. Please note that the lifetime of the cookies that we set is 540 days and it will be reset every time you visit a website or see an advertisement with our tracking code. So unless you delete the cookies yourself, the cookies we set may take up to 540 days to expire from the last time you visited a web page with our tracking code. Transfer of data to third countries Personal data of EEA (European Economic Area) residents may be transferred to our sub-processors, which are based / process this data outside the under strict compliance rules pursuant to the . We ensure that all necessary measures have been taken in order to protect the personal data in accordance with the applicable law. The personal data is only transferred if the recipient ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of the data subjects or the transfer is performed in accordance with Chapter V of the and in particular, with any of the safeguards that are provided under Article 46 of the . Changes to this statement We are aware that transparency and accountability are an ongoing responsibility, therefore, this Privacy Policy will be kept under regular review. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will be published on our website. We encourage you to periodically review it in order to be informed. Contact information N.Rich Technologies Oy, a Finnish limited liability company Business ID: 2624746-6 N.Rich privacy@n.rich c/o TulosSatama Oy, Kirkkokatu 1, 70100 Kuopio, Finland We are happy to answer if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our data processing practices. Other N.Rich Privacy NoticesCookiebot Privacy Policy Share www.cookiebot.com Last update: March 28, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information. I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the Usercentrics A/SHavnegade 391058 CopenhagenDenmarkPhone: + 45 50 333 777Email: mail@usercentrics.com Company registration number DK34624607 You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to privacy@cookiebot.com . II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA 1. Scope of processingIn principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basisThe processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1. 3. Storage and deletion of your dataIn principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract. 3.1. Data Retention PolicyDue to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account. Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. 3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations. 3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy. III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES 1. Scope of data processing Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs); 1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); 1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers; 1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert. 2. Data processed 2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g.this is information like – Information about the type and version of your internet browser, – The operating system of your computer or smartphone, – Your internet service provider, – Your IP address, – Date and time of your access, – Geographic location, – Websites from which you came to us, – Websites that you visit from our site; We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. 2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan. IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS 1. Description and scope of data processing On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored. Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored. In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise. 2. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). 3. Purpose of the data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. 4. Duration of storage If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. 5. Revoking consent and removal possibility You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case. V. NEWSLETTER When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time. You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter. Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters. VI. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS 1. Scope of data processing You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics.Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours; 1.2 To identify you as a contracting party; 1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com; 1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested); 1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions; 1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you; 1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or 1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.] If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”. 2. Data processed If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed: “Account Data” When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details. “Configuration Data” We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”). “System Generated Data” The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.: In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager. In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, please note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.The UTM parameters allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are: Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website. Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels. Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately. Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better. Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video. The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 12.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers. Aggregated statistical data on End User consents. 3. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. 4. Purpose of the data processing Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. 5. Opposition and removal possibility You always have the option to cancel your account.You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion. VII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/ for information on the cookies we use. VIII. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA. The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law. Your rights under California Privacy Law Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”) You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including: The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by lawRight To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”) You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page. Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right. Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@cookiebot.com . We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements. Response Timing and Format Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request. Children Under the Age of 16 Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16. IX. MINORS Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information.If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com . X. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services. The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites. As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object. We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences: Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller). Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland). Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum). Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum Privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Google my business We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”). We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy: We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts. If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to. We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website. XI. THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites. XII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES 12.1 Recipients of Data Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data. In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us. In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand. If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so. If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection. 12.2 Data Transfer to third Countries As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art.45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations. If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. 12.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland Data hosting for CMPAdvertisingWeb analytics service Consent dataMSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth, Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time for visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland Facebook Pixel – Web analytics service FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) – Web analytics service Device info, IP address, ReferrerURL, Timestamp, Browser info In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Youtube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland Web analytics service Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark Bookkeeping and accounting system Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, AddressOther applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Support system for better communication with you Email address, Any other information provided Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, GermanyData may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,80636 Munich,Germany Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders. Account data, Contact information In the USA (San Francisco, CA)For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142USA CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)Geolocation to show the right cookie banner IP addresses on the end user. Database in the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. bGDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider) IP addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times Database in the European Union GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit.b Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America Monitoring service for cloud applications IP address In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Analytics service IP address,Geographical location In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,Rosenheimer Str. 143C81671 Munich, Germany Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email Emails EU and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Webchat service/chat function on our website All information we receive in the chat function + type of account In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg Payment provider PayPal information, Payment data,Order number, Credit Card information,Credit check and statistical data if applicable,Address data if applicable Worldwide GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b QuickPay (Nets), ApSP. O. Pedersens Vej 28200 Aarhus NDenmark Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4DK-6200 AabenraaDENMARK Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b XIII. YOUR RIGHTS If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us: Right to information (Article 15 GDPR) Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR) Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR) Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order. Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR) Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR). In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “ Name of the person responsible “. You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency. XIV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner. Find out more information in our Data Processing Agreement . XV. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services and our Data Processing Agreement . XVI. UPDATES We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 28, 2023. Click here to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 27, 2023. Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE US Dollars - $ Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Get the Cookiebot WordPress PluginPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguageSummary of our Privacy Policy It covers every Zoho website that links here, and all of the products and services contained on those websites. The detailed policy follows the same structure as this summary and constitutes the actual legal document. Our privacy commitment: Zoho has never sold your information to someone else for advertising, or made money by showing you other people's ads, and we never will. This has been our approach for almost 25 years, and we remain committed to it. This policy tells you what information we collect from you, what we do with it, who can access it, and what you can do about it. Last updated on: 5th June 2023. We only collect the information that we actually need. Some of that is information that you actively give us when you sign up for an account, register for an event, ask for customer support, or buy something from us. We store your name and contact information, but we don't store credit card numbers (except with your permission and in one of our secured payment gateways). When you visit one of our websites or use our software, we automatically log some basic information like how you got to the site, where you navigated within it, and what features and settings you use. We use this information to improve our websites and services and to drive new product development. Sometimes we receive information indirectly. If you ask about our products through one of our referral programs or reselling partners, or sign in to one of our products through an authentication service provider like LinkedIn or Google, they'll pass on your contact information to us. We'll use that information to complete the request that you made. If you engage with our brand on social media (for instance, liking, commenting, retweeting, mentioning, or following us), we'll have access to your interactions and profile information. We'll still have that information even if you later remove it from the social media site. What we do with your information We use your information to provide the services you've requested, create and maintain your accounts, and keep an eye out for unauthorized activity on your accounts. We also use it to communicate with you about the products you're currently using, your customer support requests, new products you may like, chances for you to give us feedback, and policy updates. We analyze the information we collect to understand user needs and to improve our websites and services. We're required to have a legal basis for collecting and processing your information. In most cases, we either have your consent or need the information to provide the service you've requested from us. When that's not the case, we must demonstrate that we have another legal basis, such as our legitimate business interests. You can decline certain kinds of information use either by not providing the information in the first place or by opting out later. You can also disable cookies to prevent your browser from giving us information, but if you do so, certain website features may not work properly. We completely disable non-essential and intrusive third-party cookies from all Zoho websites and products. We limit access to your personal information to our employees and contractors who have a legitimate need to use it. If we share your information with other parties (like developers, service providers, domain registrars, and reselling partners), they must have appropriate security measures and a valid reason for using your information, typically to serve you. The European Economic Area (EEA) provides certain rights to data subjects (including access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, and the right to object and to complain). Zoho undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live. We keep your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your information, we will delete, anonymize, or isolate your information, whichever is appropriate. If you handle other people's data using Zoho apps, such as information about your customers or employees, you are entrusting that data to us for processing. If you use a Zoho mobile app and give the app access to your contacts and photo library, you are entrusting data to us. The data you entrust to us for processing is called service data. You own your service data. We protect it, limit access to it, and only process it according to your instructions. You may access it, share it through third-party integrations, and request that we export or delete it. We hold the data in your account as long as you choose to use Zoho Services. After you terminate your account, your data will be automatically deleted from our active database within 6 months and from our backups within 3 months after that.If you are in the European Economic Area and you believe that someone has entrusted your information to us for processing (for instance, your employer or a company whose services you use), you can request certain actions from us regarding your data. To exercise those data rights, please contact the person or company that entrusted the data to us and we will work with them on your request. There are some limitations to the privacy we can promise you. We will disclose personal information if it's necessary to comply with a legal obligation, prevent fraud, enforce an agreement, or protect our users' safety. We do not currently honor Do Not Track signals from internet browsers; when a universal standard for processing them emerges, we will follow it. Third-party websites and social media widgets have their own separate privacy policies. Always check the relevant privacy policy before sharing personal information with third parties. You can always contact us to: ask questions about our privacy practices, request a GDPR-compliant Data Processing Addendum, alert us if you believe we have collected personal data from a minor, or ask to have your personal information removed from our blogs or forums. You can also check our Security Policy and Privacy Policy We will contact you to let you know if we make any major changes to our privacy policy, or in the highly unlikely event that we ever decide to sell our business. Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy statement is made by the Zoho Group consisting of all the entities listed here (collectively, "Zoho", "we", "us" or "our"). Zoho’s Privacy Commitment Zoho has worried about customer and user privacy for almost 25 years, long before it became fashionable, politically correct, or legally binding to take such a position. We ask for only the least amount of information necessary, gathering only what we believe is essential for doing business, or for the specific transaction at hand. We let customers know the information we have on them and allow them to opt out of specific engagements. But, by far, our biggest commitment is that we do not make a single dollar from advertising revenue—never have, never will—even from the free editions of our products. This means we avoid the fundamental conflict of interest between gathering customer information and fueling advertising revenue, and the unavoidable compromises in customer privacy that it brings. The goal of this policy is to make explicit the information we gather, how we will use it, and how we will not. This policy is unfortunately longer than we would like, but we must unambiguously address all the relevant cases. We will try and keep the language simple and direct as much as possible. Scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all Zoho websites that link to it. It also applies to the products and services provided by Zoho through these websites, our mobile applications, and applications posted by Zoho on Zoho’s online marketplace and in other third-party online marketplaces. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our websites, products or services that have a separate privacy policy. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Part I – Information Zoho collects and controls This part deals with how Zoho collects and uses information about website visitors, potential customers, users of Zoho's products and services, and others who contact Zoho through forms or email addresses published on or linked to our websites. Part II – Information that Zoho processes on your behalf This part deals with how Zoho handles data that you entrust to Zoho when you use our products and services, or when you share any personal or confidential information with us while requesting customer support. Part III – General This part deals with topics that are relevant to both Parts I and II, and other general topics such as Zoho's security commitments and how we will inform you when we change this Privacy Policy. Part I – Information Zoho collects and controls What information Zoho collects We collect information about you only if we need the information for some legitimate purpose. Zoho will have information about you only if (a) you have provided the information yourself, (b) Zoho has automatically collected the information, or (c) Zoho has obtained the information from a third party. Below we describe the various scenarios that fall under each of those three categories and the information collected in each one. Information that you provide us i. Account signup : When you sign up for an account to access one or more of our services, we ask for information like your name, contact number, email address, company name and country to complete the account signup process. You'll also be required to choose a unique username and a password for accessing the created account.You may also provide us with more information such as your photo, time zone and language, but we don’t require that information to sign up for an account. After signing up, you will have the option of choosing a security question and an answer to the security question — if you provide these, they will be used only while resetting your password. ii. Event registrations and other form submissions: We record information that you submit when you (i) register for any event, including webinars or seminars, (ii) subscribe to our newsletter or any other mailing list, (iii) submit a form in order to download any product, whitepaper, or other materials, (iv) participate in contests or respond to surveys, or (v) submit a form to request customer support, get a quote or to contact Zoho for any other purpose. iii. Payment processing : When you buy something from us, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, and credit card information or other payment account information. When you submit your card information, we store the name and address of the cardholder, the expiry date and the last four digits of the credit card number. We do not store the actual credit card number. For quick processing of future payments, if you have given us your approval, we may store your credit card information or other payment information in an encrypted format in the secured servers of our Payment Gateway Service Providers. iv. Testimonials : When you authorize us to post testimonials about our products and services on websites, we may include your name and other personal information in the testimonial. You will be given an opportunity to review and approve the testimonial before we post it. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@zohocorp.com v. Interactions with Zoho : We may record, analyze and use your interactions with us, including email, telephone, and chat conversations with our sales and customer support professionals, for improving our interactions with you and other customers. Information that we collect automatically i. Information from browsers, devices and servers : When you visit our websites, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers make available, such as the internet protocol address, browser type, language preference, time zone, referring URL, date and time of access, operating system, mobile device manufacturer and mobile network information. We include these in our log files to understand more about visitors to our websites. ii. Information from cookies and tracking technologies : We use temporary and permanent cookies to identify users of our services and to enhance user experience. We embed unique identifiers in our downloadable products to track usage of the products. We also use cookies, beacons, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies to identify visitors, track website navigation, gather demographic information about visitors and users, understand email campaign effectiveness and for targeted visitor and user engagement by tracking your activities on our websites. We mostly use first-party cookies and do not use third-party cookies or other third-party tracking technologies on our websites for non-essential or intrusive tracking. You can learn more about the cookies used on our websites here . You can also learn more about Zoho's stance against non-essential and intrusive third-party cookies and tracking technology here . We also use first-party Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences to provide certain features. iii. Information from application logs and mobile analytics : We collect information about your use of our products, services and mobile applications from application logs and in-house usage analytics tools, and use it to understand how your use and needs can improve our products. This information includes clicks, scrolls, features accessed, access time and frequency, errors generated, performance data, storage utilized, user settings and configurations, and devices used to access and their locations. Information that we collect from third parties i. Signups using federated authentication service providers : You can log in to Zoho Services using supported federated authentication service providers such as LinkedIn, Microsoft and Google. These services will authenticate your identity and give you the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address. ii. Referrals : If someone has referred any of our products or services to you through any of our referral programs, that person may have provided us your name, email address and other personal information. You may contact us at privacy@zohocorp.com to request that we remove your information from our database.If you provide us information about another person, or if another person gives us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. iii. Information from our reselling partners and service providers : If you contact any of our reselling partners, or otherwise express interest in any of our products or services to them, the reselling partner may pass your name, email address, company name and other information to Zoho. If you register for or attend an event that is sponsored by Zoho, the event organizer may share your information with us. Zoho may also receive information about you from review sites if you comment on any review of our products and services, and from other third-party service providers that we engage for marketing our products and services. iv. Information from social media sites and other publicly available sources : When you provide feedback or reviews about our products, interact, or engage with us on marketplaces, review sites or social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram through posts, comments, questions and other interactions, we may collect such publicly available information, including profile information, to allow us to connect with you, improve our products, better understand user reactions and issues, or to reproduce and publish your feedback on our websites. We must tell you that once collected, this information may remain with us even if you delete it from these sites. Zoho may also add and update information about you, from other publicly available sources. Purposes for using information In addition to the purposes mentioned above, we may use your information for the following purposes: To communicate with you (such as through email) about products that you have downloaded and services that you have signed up for, changes to this Privacy Policy, changes to the Terms of Service, or important notices; To keep you posted on new products and services, upcoming events, offers, promotions and other information that we think will be of interest to you; To ask you to participate in surveys, or to solicit feedback on our products and services; To set up and maintain your account, and to do all other things required for providing our services, such as enabling collaboration, providing website and mail hosting, and backing up and restoring your data; To understand how users use our products and services, to monitor and prevent problems, and to improve our products and services; To provide customer support, and to analyze and improve our interactions with customers; To detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, to report spam, and to protect the rights and interests of Zoho, Zoho’s users, third parties and the public; To update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you; To analyze trends, administer our websites, and track visitor navigations on our websites to understand what visitors are looking for and to better help them; To monitor and improve marketing campaigns and make suggestions relevant to the user. Legal bases for collecting and using information Legal processing bases applicable to Zoho : If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for information collection and use depends on the personal information concerned and the context in which we collect it. Most of our information collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) contractual necessity, (ii) one or more legitimate interests of Zoho or a third party that are not overridden by your data protection interests, or (iii) your consent. Sometimes, we may be legally required to collect your information, or may need your personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Withdrawal of consent : Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Legitimate interests notice : Where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis and those legitimate interests are not specified above, we will clearly explain to you what those legitimate interests are at the time that we collect your information. Your choice in information use Opt out of non-essential electronic communications : You may opt out of receiving newsletters and other non-essential messages by using the ‘unsubscribe’ function included in all such messages. However, you will continue to receive essential notices and emails such as account notification emails (password change, renewal reminders, etc.), security incident alerts, security and privacy update notifications, and essential transactional and payment related emails. Disable cookies : You can disable browser cookies before visiting our websites.However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features of the websites properly. Optional information : You can choose not to provide optional profile information such as your photo. You can also delete or change your optional profile information. You can always choose not to fill in non-mandatory fields when you submit any form linked to our websites. Who we share your information with All Zoho group entities listed here have access to the information covered in Part I. We do not sell any personal information. We share your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy, and only with parties who adopt appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Employees and independent contractors : Employees and independent contractors of relevant Zoho group entities have access to the information covered in Part I on a need-to-know basis. We require all employees and independent contractors of Zoho group entities to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them. Third-party service providers : We may need to share your personal information and aggregated or de-identified information with third-party service providers that we engage, such as marketing and advertising partners, event organizers, web analytics providers and payment processors. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. Domain registrars : When you register a domain through Zoho from domain name registrars, we share your name and contact information such as your physical address, email address and phone number with them as per the ICANN domain registration rules. Reselling partners : We may share your personal information with our authorized reselling partners in your region, solely for the purpose of contacting you about products that you have downloaded or services that you have signed up for. We will give you an option to opt out of continuing to work with that partner. Marketplace application developers : When you install or purchase any application developed using Zoho's APIs that is posted on Zoho’s online marketplace, your name and email address will be shared with the developer of the application, so they may engage with you directly as the provider of that application or service. Zoho does not control the use of your personal information by the developers, which will be based on their own privacy policies. Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share the same information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III. Your rights with respect to information we hold about you as a controller If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following rights with respect to information that Zoho holds about you. Zoho undertakes to provide you the same rights no matter where you choose to live. Right to access : You have the right to access (and obtain a copy of, if required) the categories of personal information that we hold about you, including the information's source, purpose and period of processing, and the persons to whom the information is shared. Right to rectification : You have the right to update the information we hold about you or to rectify any inaccuracies. Based on the purpose for which we use your information, you can instruct us to add supplemental information about you in our database. Right to erasure : You have the right to request that we delete your personal information in certain circumstances, such as when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected. Right to restriction of processing : You may also have the right to request to restrict the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as when you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Right to data portability : You have the right to transfer your information to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, in circumstances where the information is processed with your consent or by automated means. Right to object : You have the right to object to the use of your information in certain circumstances, such as the use of your personal information for direct marketing. Right to complain : You have the right to complain to the appropriate supervisory authority if you have any grievance against the way we collect, use or share your information. This right may not be available to you if there is no supervisory authority dealing with data protection in your country. Retention of information We retain your personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.Sometimes, we may retain your information for longer periods as permitted or required by law, such as to maintain suppression lists, prevent abuse, if required in connection with a legal claim or proceeding, to enforce our agreements, for tax, accounting, or to comply with other legal obligations. When we no longer have a legitimate need to process your information, we will delete or anonymize your information from our active databases. We will also securely store the information and isolate it from further processing on backup discs until deletion is possible. Part II – Information that Zoho processes on your behalf Information entrusted to Zoho and purpose Information provided in connection with services : You may entrust information that you or your organization (“you”) control, to Zoho in connection with use of our services or for requesting technical support for our products. This includes information regarding your customers and your employees (if you are a controller) or data that you hold and use on behalf of another person for a specific purpose, such as a customer to whom you provide services (if you are a processor). The data may either be stored on our servers when you use our services, or transferred or shared to us as part of a request for technical support or other services. Information from mobile devices : When you elect to allow it, some of our mobile applications have access to the camera, microphone, call history, contact information, photo library, files and other information stored on your mobile device. Our applications require such access to provide their services. Similarly, when you elect to provide access, location-based information is also collected for purposes including, but not limited to, locating nearby contacts or setting location-based reminders. This information will be exclusively shared with our mapping providers and will be used only for mapping user locations. You may disable the mobile applications' access to this information at any time by editing the settings on your mobile device. The data stored on your mobile device and their location information to which the mobile applications have access will be used in the context of the mobile application, and transferred to and associated with your account in the corresponding services (in which case the data will be stored on our servers) or products (in which case the data will remain with you unless you share it with us). (All the information entrusted to Zoho is collectively termed “service data”) Ownership and control of your service data We recognize that you own your service data. We provide you complete control of your service data by providing you the ability to (i) access your service data, (ii) share your service data through supported third-party integrations, and (iii) request export or deletion of your service data. How we use service data We process your service data when you provide us instructions through the various modules of our services. For example, when you generate an invoice using our invoicing service, information such as the name and address of your customer will be used to generate the invoice; and when you use our campaign management service for email marketing, the email addresses of the persons on your mailing list will be used for sending the emails. Push notifications If you have enabled notification on our desktop and mobile applications, we will push notifications through a push notification provider such as Apple Push Notification Service, Google Cloud Messaging or Windows Push Notification Services. You can manage your push notification preferences or deactivate these notifications by turning off notifications in the application or device settings. Who we share service data with Zoho group and third party sub-processors : In order to provide services and technical support for our products, the contracting entity within the Zoho group engages other group entities and third parties . Employees and independent contractors : We may provide access to your service data to our employees and individuals who are independent contractors of the Zoho group entities involved in providing the services (collectively our “employees”) so that they can (i) identify, analyze and resolve errors, (ii) manually verify emails reported as spam to improve spam detection, or (iii) manually verify scanned images that you submit to us to verify the accuracy of optical character recognition. We ensure that access by our employees to your service data is restricted to specific individuals, and is logged and audited. Our employees will also have access to data that you knowingly share with us for technical support or to import data into our products or services. We communicate our privacy and security guidelines to our employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the Zoho group.Collaborators and other users : Some of our products or services allow you to collaborate with other users or third parties. Initiating collaboration may enable other collaborators to view some or all of your profile information. For example, when you edit a document that you have shared with other persons for collaboration, your name and profile picture will be displayed next to your edits to allow your collaborators to know that you made those edits. Third-party integrations you have enabled : Most of our products and services support integrations with third-party products and services . If you choose to enable any third-party integrations, you may be allowing the third party to access your service data and personal information about you. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of the third-party services and products before you enable integrations with them. Other cases : Other scenarios in which we may share information that are common to information covered under Parts I and II are described in Part III. Retention of information We hold the data in your account as long as you choose to use Zoho Services. Once you terminate your Zoho user account, your data will eventually get deleted from active database during the next clean-up that occurs once in 6 months. The data deleted from active database will be deleted from backups after 3 months. Data subject requests If you are from the European Economic Area and you believe that we store, use or process your information on behalf of one of our customers, please contact the customer if you would like to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to processing, or export your personal data. We will extend our support to our customer in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Part III – General Children’s personal information Our products and services are not directed to individuals under 16. Zoho does not knowingly collect personal information from children who are under 16 years of age for its own purposes. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you believe that a child under 16 years has provided personal information to us, please write to privacy@zohocorp.com with the details, and we will take the necessary steps to delete the information we hold about that child. However, using our products, you can collect information about individuals who may be children. If you process information relating to children, you acknowledge and agree that you will be responsible for complying with the applicable laws and regulations related to protection of such personal information. How secure is your information At Zoho, we take data security very seriously. That's why we have gotten certified for industry standards mentioned here . We have taken steps to implement appropriate administrative, technical & physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or destruction of the information you entrust to us. If you have any concerns regarding the security of your data, we encourage you to check our Security Policy or write to us at security@zohocorp.com with any questions. Data Protection Officer We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to oversee our management of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices with respect to your personal information, you can reach out to our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to dpo@zohocorp.com or by writing to: Data Protection Officer, Zoho Corporation BV, Beneluxlaan 4B, 3527 HT Utrecht, The Netherlands. Locations and international transfers We share your personal information and service data within the Zoho Group and with third parties engaged by Zoho Group for the purposes described above. By accessing or using our products and services or otherwise providing personal information or service data to us, you understand that the processing, transfer, and storage of your personal information or Service Data within the United States of America, the European Economic Area (EEA) and other countries where Zoho operates. Such transfers are subject to appropriate data protection agreements such as a group company agreement that is based on EU Commission’s Model Contractual Clauses for data processing activities to which GDPR applies. You can write to legal@zohocorp.com for obtaining a copy of the agreements on the basis of which we transfer your data within Zoho Group and with the third parties engaged by us. Data processing addendum To enable you to be compliant with your data protection obligations , we are prepared to sign an appropriate Data Processing Addendum (DPA). You can request a DPA from Zoho by completing this form . Once we get your request, we'll forward the DPA to you for your signature.Automation and Artificial Intelligence In order to provide enhanced productivity and predictive capabilities to our users, we employ a variety of technologies such as regex parsing, template matching, artificial intelligence and machine learning. In keeping with Zoho's promise not to exploit your data in a way that is not respectful of your privacy and confidentiality expectations, we make only the following limited use of service data for these technologies: (i) using anonymized crops of service data to improve accuracy of the algorithms; and (ii) using your organization's data for developing models specific for your organization. Our automation and artificial intelligence technologies are mostly powered by our own organization's data such as internal communications, communications with customers and internal documents as well as free and paid external sources. Do Not Track (DNT) requests Some internet browsers have enabled 'Do Not Track' (DNT) features, which send out a signal (called the DNT signal) to the websites that you visit indicating that you don't wish to be tracked. Currently, there is no standard that governs what websites can or should do when they receive these signals. For now, we do not take action in response to these signals. External links on our websites Some pages of our websites may contain links to websites that are not linked to this Privacy Policy. If you submit your personal information to any of these third-party sites, your personal information is governed by their privacy policies. As a safety measure, we recommend that you not share any personal information with these third parties unless you've checked their privacy policies and assured yourself of their privacy practices. Blogs and forums We offer publicly accessible blogs and forums on our websites. Please be aware that any information you provide on these blogs and forums may be used to contact you with unsolicited messages. We urge you to be cautious in disclosing personal information in our blogs and forums. Zoho is not responsible for the personal information you elect to disclose publicly. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account with Zoho. To request the removal of your information from our blogs and forums, you can contact us at privacy@zohocorp.com Social media widgets Our websites include social media widgets such as Facebook "like" buttons and Twitter "tweet" buttons that let you share articles and other information. These widgets may collect information such as your IP address and the pages you navigate in the website, and may set a cookie to enable the widgets to function properly. Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them. Disclosures in compliance with legal obligations We may be required by law to preserve or disclose your personal information and service data to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements. Enforcement of our rights We may disclose personal information and service data to a third party if we believe that such disclosure is necessary for preventing fraud, spam filtering, investigating any suspected illegal activity, enforcing our agreements or policies, or protecting the safety of our users. Business Transfers We do not intend to sell our business. However, in the unlikely event that we sell our business or get acquired or merged, we will ensure that the acquiring entity is legally bound to honor our commitments to you. We will notify you via email or through a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or in the uses of your personal information and service data. We will also notify you about any choices you may have regarding your personal information and service data. Compliance with this Privacy Policy We make every effort, including periodic reviews, to ensure that personal information you provide is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about our adherence to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used, kindly write to us privacy@zohocorp.com We'll contact you, and if required, coordinate with the appropriate regulatory authorities to effectively address your concerns. Notification of changes We may modify the Privacy Policy at any time, upon notifying you through a service announcement or by sending an email to your primary email address. If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy that affect your rights, you will be provided with at least 30 days' advance notice of the changes by email to your primary email address. However, if you have not verified your email address, you may miss important notifications that we send through email.If you think that the updated Privacy Policy affects your rights with respect to your use of our products or services, you may terminate your use by sending us an email within 30 days. Your continued use after the effective date of changes to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the modified Privacy Policy. You will not receive email notification of minor changes to the Privacy Policy. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check back at https://www.zoho.com/privacy.html periodically. Apps Partners Resources About Contact - India Select DC English © 2023, Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Sign Up for Free Access Zoho home Influence /privacy/double-dipping.html, /privacy/no-adjunct-surveillance.html, /privacy/no-ad-based-business-model.html home/product-menu/privacy.html Apps Partners Resources About Contact - India How may I help you today?Privacy Policy Last updated: June 10, 2021 GDPR Data privacy requests CCPA Do not sell my data Overview Bombora, Inc. and its global subsidiaries (collectively, “ Bombora ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, or “ our ”) value the privacy of each person (“ you ” or “ your ”) whose information we collect or receive. This privacy notice (“ Privacy Notice “) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. The Privacy Notice covers personal information we collect: a) When you provide information to the Bombora hosted platform and related analytics products b) When you visit one of our corporate websites (such as https://bombora.com, https://www.signal-hq.com/, https://www.netfactor.com/) (“ Website “) and/or provide information to Bombora over the usual course of our business practices, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see ‘privacy for our websites’ ). Quick links We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice completely to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Privacy Notice which may apply to you, we have divided up the Privacy Notice into the following sections: 1. Who we are One of the primary ways Bombora collects data is from a proprietary data cooperative (“Data Co-op”). The Data Co-op consists of business to business (“B2B”) websites of publishers, marketers, agencies, technology providers, and research and event firms that contribute content consumption data to a massive pooled data set that details the buying intent of a company. Co-op members provide consent-based brand-anonymous data, including Unique IDs (including Cookie IDs), IP address, page URL and referrer URL, browser type, operating system, browser language, and engagement data (including dwell time, scroll velocity, scroll depth and time between scrolls) (collectively, “Event Data”). Engagement data validates You are actually consuming content and not quickly bouncing from the website. The full data set is refreshed weekly. Bombora collects the Event Data, analyses the content You consumed on the website, and assigns the content topics using the Bombora topic taxonomy (“Topics”). When Bombora is able to identify from Your Event Data which company You represent (“Company Name/URL”), Bombora aggregates the Topics and Company Name/URL to a company profile, including all events of other employees from the same Company Name/URL. The tag collects your actions but the actions are assigned to a company. Bombora provides the following hosted platform and related analytics products (collectively the “Services”) to its clients (“Subscribers”): Services 1.1 Company Surge® Analytics An analytics report listing company name, topic and Company Surge® score. To create the score Bombora collects, stores, organizes, uses and erases data which is anonymized and aggregated such that no personal data exists. Bombora will not disclose any data to a company other than company name, topics searched, and Company Surge® score. These reports are created by collecting data from tags on publisher websites. The Bombora Tag (defined below) collects IP address (which is anonymous and converted to company URL), engagement metrics, and topics (which are determined by real time algorithm). The topics (based on Bombora’s B2B taxonomy) are attributed to company name. Our proprietary algorithm compares topic interest over 30 Billion interactions to create a score. That score is the company’s interest level in the topics, compared over time. 1.2 Audience Solutions Audience Solutions is a data product that supports the process of digital ad buying or ad targeting by our customers. Audience Solutions and Measurement Products append data to, and share, a Cookie ID. Bombora appends firmographic and demographic data to the Cookie ID, only at the domain (name of website) and at the company level. The firmographic and demographic data may include industry, functional area, professional group, company revenue, company size, seniority, decision maker and predictive signals. Bombora does not share any data which could be used to identify You, an individual data subject. Facebook integration : As fully described in ‘ ‘what we do and collect and why’ , through the Bombora integration with Facebook, Bombora uploads audiences derived from hashed emails associated with domains into Facebook. Facebook matches these hashed emails against their database of users to create a custom audience for targeting. LinkedIn integration : Through the LinkedIn Marketing Developer Platform API, Bombora sends Company Surge® Intent data as a list of domains (e.g., companyx.com) into LinkedIn. LinkedIn matches its users to domains to create a matched audience for targeting within the LinkedIn Ad Platform.1.3 Measurement Products The following Measurement suite of products collect demographic and firmographic information. The Bombora Tag is (Bombora term) a JavaScript or pixel tag placed on the websites of Subscribers which collects data from each device which visits the Subscriber’s websites including (1) placement and synchronization of unique identifiers, such as cookie ID or hashed email; (2) IP address and information derived therefrom, such as city and state, company name, or domain name; (3) engagement level data, such as dwell time, scroll depth, scroll velocity, and time between scrolls; (4) page URL and information derived therefrom such as content, context and topics; (5) referrer URL; (6) browser type and (7) operating system (collectively the “Bombora Tag”). Each of the products in the measurement suite uses information collected from the Bombora Tag in different ways to provide subscribers with an end product. Audience Verification: With our Audience Verification product, a Subscriber places a tag on their campaign creative. The audience verification tag is able to collect the following data insights when You click the advertisement: Unique IDs (including Cookie IDs), IP address and information derived such as geography, User agent, browser type and operating system (OS). Visitor Insights: With our Visitor Insights product, a Subscriber places a tag on their website. (We also have placed the Bombora Tag on our Websites). The visitor insights tag collects insights about website visitors, including but not limited to the following data: (i) overall visitor engagement segmented by high, medium, and low percentages; (ii) overall visitor engagement compared to previous date ranges; (iii) total companies, unique users, sessions and page views; (iv) total companies, unique users, sessions and page views compared to previous date ranges; (v) engagement by company domain segmented by high, medium, and low and (vi) unique users, sessions, and page views by company domain. This data can be delivered through the Bombora user interface, from a daily feed, or directly from the Google Analytics platform. Visitor Track Visitor Track is used along with certain software tools, such as JavaScript, to measure and collect session information. We do this in order to analyze traffic to our Website, and to better understand the needs of our customers and visitors. Some examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (“IP”) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) referring page to our Website along with each page viewed, including date and time. Through the Services, Bombora provides data to our Subscriber to help them better connect and target organizations they want to reach (we refer to the individuals in those organizations as “End Users”). Bombora and its partners engage in tracking End Users’ interactions with business-to-business content across various digital properties like web registration forms, widgets, websites and webpages (whether accesses via computer, mobile or tablet device or other technologies) (“Digital Properties”). We then take this data and aggregate the information collected into demographic segments, such as company revenue and size, functional area, industry, professional group, and seniority. This helps Subscribers customize engagement based on topics that organizations are interested in and the intensity of their consumption 2. Privacy for our services This section describes how we collect and use information we receive or collect from End Users through our Services (we refer to this collectively as “ Service Information “). This includes details about the type of information we collect automatically, the types of information we receive from other sources and the purposes of those collections. 2.1 What information do we collect and why? Information we collect automatically: We use and deploy various cookies and similar tracking technologies (see ‘cookies and similar technologies’ ) to automatically collect certain information about your device when you interact with Digital Properties that use our technology. Some of this information, including your IP address and certain unique identifiers, may identify a particular computer or device and may be considered “personal data” in certain jurisdictions including in the European Economic Area (“ EEA “) and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”). However, for its Services For the services that we provide, Bombora does not collect any information that we reverse engineer to enable us to identify you personally such as your name, mailing address or email address . The information we collect is not used to identify you as an individual.We collect this information by assigning a random unique identifier (“ UID “) to your device the first time you interact with a Digital Property that uses our technology. This UID is then used to associate you with information we collect about you. The information we automatically collect may include: Information about your device such as the type, model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g. Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address and unique identifiers assigned to your device such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID). Information about your online behavior such as information about the activities or actions you take on Digital Properties we work with. This may include time spent on a web page, whether you scroll or click on an ad or a web page, session start/stop time, time zone, your referring website address, and geo-location (including city, metro area, country, zip code and potentially geographic co-ordinates if you have enabled location services on your device) pages and times visited. Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and the number of times you have seen the ad. Information we receive from other sources We may also combine, merge, and/or enhance the information we collect about you (collectively “Service Information’). This can include the information we collect about you with information collected from third parties such as other web-based and mobile networks, exchanges and websites (“ Partners “) or our Subscribers (for example, they may upload certain “offline” data into the Services). Here is a list of our current partners . In addition, the Service Information we automatically collect may be combined and associated with business profile information that we infer about you, such as: age, domain, functional area, household income, income status and changes, language, seniority, education, manufacturing, professional group, industry, company revenue, and net-worth. This information may include hashed identifiers derived from other information such as email addresses, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data (like your industry, employer, company size, job title or department) and content viewed, or actions taken on a Digital Property. We use the Services Information as follows: To provide the services to our Subscribers . Generally, we use the Service Information to help Subscribers better understand their current and prospective customers and market trends. This enables Subscribers to better target and customize websites, content, other general marketing efforts and to measure and optimize the performance of their marketing. To build various inferenced data segments (“ Data Segments ”) We may use the Service Information to build Data Segments related to, for instance, the industry you are in or the type of content you or the organization you work for appear to be interested in. We use these Data Segments to help our Subscribers understand their own customers, evaluate customer and market trends and create reports and scoring regarding their customer’s behavior. The Data Segments also may be associated with UIDs, cookies and/or mobile device advertising IDs. To do “interest-based advertising”. We sometimes use or work with Subscribers and Partners that use UIDs or other information derived from information such as email hashes. This information in turn may be associated with cookies and may be used to target ads to you that are based on “offline” interest-based segments – such as your interests, transactions or demographic information – or used by Subscribers that target and analyze such ads. This is often known as “interest-based advertising.” You can find out more about this type of advertising at the DAA’s website To do cross-device tracking. We (or our Partners and Subscribers we work with) may use the Service Information (e.g. the IP addresses and UIDs) to try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (e.g. smartphones, tablets or other devices), or work with providers that do this in order to better target ad campaigns to common sets of End Users. For example, a brand may wish to target customers that it usually recognizes on web browsers through mobile apps. To do “user matching”: We (or our Partners) may use the Services Information, in particular various UIDs, to sync cookies and other identifiers with other Partners and Subscribers (i.e. to do “ user matching “). For example, in addition to the UID’s an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of UIDs our Partners or Subscribers have assigned to an End User.When we identify matches, we then let our Subscribers and Partners know in order to help them do any of the above, including enhancing their own data and Data Segments to do interest-based advertising or provide insights to other customers. For instance, we use Facebook Custom Audiences to match users. As we believe to be necessary or appropriate under applicable law including laws outside your country of residence: to comply with legal processesto respond to requests from public and government authorities including authorities outside your country of residenceto enforce our terms and conditionsto protect our operations or those of any of our affiliatesto protect yours, our affiliates and/or our rights, privacy, safety or propertyto allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. To evaluate, operate or improve the Services. 2.2 Cookies and similar technologies Our Partners and our Subscribers use various UIDs, cookies and similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information from End Users across various Digital Properties ( as previously described above ). Please review our Cookie Statement for further information. 2.3 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only) If you are an individual from the EEA or the U.K., our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described herein will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interests to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the ‘what information do we collect and why’ section above. Bombora participates in the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCFv2.0) and uses legitimate interest as our basis for collecting data for the following purposes: Measure ad performance (Purpose 7) Apply market research to generate audience insights (Purpose 9)Develop and improve products (Purpose 10) In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws. Under the IAB’s TCFv2 Bombora uses Consent as our basis for collecting data for the following purposes: Store and/or access information on a device (Purpose 1)Create a personalized ads profile (Purposes 3) If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below or complete the ‘contact us’ form. 3. Privacy for our websites This section describes how we collect and use information from users of our Websites, visitors to our Websites and in the usual course of our business in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. 3.1 Information we collect Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. 3.2 Information you provide to us For Marketing Purposes such as requesting a demo, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Bombora or our Services, subscribe to marketing emails. The personal information we collect may include:first and last namebusiness emailphone numberprofessional information (e.g. your job title, department or job role) as well as the nature of your request or communication.When applying for a job on our career page by submitting an application, the personal information we collect may include: first name and last name mailing addresstelephone number employment history and details email address contact preferences professional information (e.g. your job title, department or job role) as well as the nature of your request or communicationvoluntarily asking you to provide U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information voluntarily asking you to provide your disability status 3. When you register for an account to gain access to Bombora’s User Interface, the personal information we collect may include: First name and last nameemail password You may also provide us with personal information by contacting us via email or completing a contact form on our website. 3.3 Information we collect automatically When using our Website, we may automatically collect certain information from your device. In the state of California and some countries including countries in the European Union (“EU”) and the U.K., this information may be considered personal data under data protection laws.The information we automatically collect may include your IP address, Unique IDs (including Cookie IDs), IP address, page URL and referrer URL, information about your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity and other information about your system, connection and how you interact with our Websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies as explained further in our Cookie Statement . 3.4 Information we collect from third party sources We may partner with certain third parties to collect information on our Websites to engage in analysis, auditing, research, reporting and to deliver advertising that we believe may interest you based on your activity on our Websites and other websites over time. These third parties may set and access cookies on your computer or other device and may also use pixel tags, web logs, web beacons, or other similar technologies. For more information about these practices and how to opt out, please see our Cookie Statement 3.5 How we use the information we collect We will use your personal information for the following purposes: To respond to or provide you with information you requestTo provide and support our Websites and ServicesIf you have an account with Bombora, to send administrative or account related information to youIf you have applied for a role with Bombora, for recruitment related purposesTo post testimonials with your prior consentTo communicate with you about our events or our partner eventsTo provide you with marketing and promotional communications (where this is in accordance with your marketing preferences). For more information about managing your marketing preferences, please see ‘your data protection rights’ below. To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements and policiesTo prevent, detect, respond and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior and criminal activityFor other business purposes such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing and to enhance, customize and improve our Websites and Services 4. General information This section describes how your information is shared, details about cookies and other tracking technologies, your data protection rights and other general information. 4.1 How do we share your information Your personal information collected from our Services and Websites may be disclosed as follows: Subscribers and Partners If you are an End User, we share Service Information with Subscribers and Partners for purposes relevant to our business relationship with them and for purposes described in this Privacy Notice. Our Subscribers and Partners are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and the agreements with our Subscribers. Vendors, consultants and service providers. We also share the Service Information with a variety of third-party service providers to help us to operate, secure, monitor, operate and evaluate the Services. Examples of this include to assist with technical, operational, or hosting support, software and security services or to enable other services that we offer. For Instance, the information that we collect for employment applications is shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc . The software that we use for recruiting management. We also use GoodHire to conduct background checks on employee candidates. Website advertising partners. We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Websites, or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share your personal information with them for this purpose. Vital interests and legal rights . We may disclose information about you if we believe it necessary to protect the vital interests or legal rights of Bombora, you or any other person. Corporate affiliates and transactions. We reserve the right provide your information to our affiliates (meaning any subsidiary, parent company or company under common control with Bombora). Potential acquirers of our business. If Bombora is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information may be shared or transferred as part of that transaction with the relevant potential buyer, its agents and advisors, as permitted by law. Please note that any potential buyer will be informed that they should use your information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice. Compliance with laws. We may disclose your information to any competent law enforcement body, regulator, government agency court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary: i) as a matter of applicable law or regulationii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rightsiii)to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.If you are resident of the EEA and to the extent we are allowed to do so, we will provide your data with adequate protection and provide you prior written notice of any request to provide information to any competent law enforcement body, regulator, government agency court or other third party in the United States so that you can appeal and stop the disclosure of your information. When Bombora provides its Services, the data that we collect is attributed to a company and we do not reverse engineer the data to personally identify you so we may be unable to provide you with such notice. 4.2 Cookies and other tracking technologies We use cookies and similar tracking technology (“ Cookies “) on our Websites to collect and use personal information about you. For further information about the types of cookies and other tracking technologies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Statement 5. Managing your personal information with us We strive to be as transparent as possible this section describes your data protection rights. It’s important to us that you know that you have the right to access, manage the data that we may have collected about you from third parties. You have the right to access this data at any time. It’s important that we provide you with tools to object and, restrict the sale of your data, or withdraw consent (where applicable) for the use of the data that we may have on you. Please note, to help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identify through OneTrust. OneTrust is the secure administrative software that we use to manage privacy request. 5.1 Data subject requests and your data protection rights Please complete the data subject request form to request a copy of your platform and/or business data from Bombora. The information you supply in this form will only be used to identify the platform and/or business data you are requesting and responding to your request. Once you submit a subject access request form we will endeavor to respond to you within 72 hours of receipt of your request. Please allow Bombora 27 days to process your request. You can also email privacy@bombora.com with any questions or queries you have regarding your data. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer requests. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot individually identify you. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identify in OneTrust. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. Before granting you access to your personal information or complying with deletion, portability, or other related requests, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfill your request. You have the following data protection rights: You can request access to, or that we change, update or delete your personal information , at any time by completing the above form. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law which will be communicated to you. In addition, if you are a resident of the EEA, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information . To exercise these rights please complete the above form. You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email or by completing the above form. Please see ‘your choices’ for further information about your opt-out choices. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing, or administrative related purposes. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time . Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Click here to access contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA . If you are a consumer and wish to open an Swiss-U.S.Privacy Shield case, please click here to file a claim Opting-out of the sale of personal information In addition to the data protection rights grated in this Privacy Notice, if you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information, view the data Bombora may have collected over the past 12 months, and to know the following: The categories of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information;The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. In accordance with the Website, these are the categories of information we may have collected on you and the purposes we may have used. The categories of personal information we may have collected about you or your use of our Website over the past twelve (12) months: Identifiers such as a real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier; Internet Protocol address, email address, job position, and company name;Personal: such as a name, education, employment information;Protected classification characteristics such as age and gender;Internet or other similar network activity such as browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement;Geo location data such as metro area, country, zip code and potentially geographic co-ordinates if you have enabled location services on your device. For Employment and Job Application Purposes: Identifiers: such as name and address home address, telephone number, and email address;Protected classification characteristics under CA Law: such as age, gender and disability status;Personal Information: name and address home address, telephone number, email address, education, employment, employment history;Professional or employment-related information: such as your job application, resume or CV, cover letter, references, education history, employment history, whether you are subject to prior employer obligations, and information that referrers provide about you, references, language proficiencies, education details, and information you make publicly available through job search or career networking sites; You can obtain more information on the categories of personal information in ‘what we do and collect and why’ We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete [information you provide] ;Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website;From third party sources as set-forth in the [Information we collect from 3rd Party sources] For employment purposes Job board websites you may use to apply for a job with us;Prior employers that provide us with employment references You can obtain more information on the sources of personal information in ‘information we collect’ . These are the business or commercial purposes for which the personal information was collected: To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a demo, quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and Services.To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email (with your consent, where required by law) For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and Services. You can obtain more information on the Business or Commercial purposes for which the personal information is collected in the sections, ‘what we do and collect and why’ and ‘how we use the information we collect’ These are categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information: Data aggregators.Recruitment practices You can obtain more information on the third parties with whom we have shared your data with in ‘how do we share your information’ . In the previous (12) months, Bombora may have sold the following categories of personal information: IdentifiersPersonalProtected classification characteristicsInternet or another similar network activityGeo location You have the right to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free.You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed. California residents may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA . As noted above Bombora will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed Power of Attorney. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a calendar year. California residents may exercise your rights described in this section by visiting a privacy request form to exercise and the right to know the data we may have on you. The right to request the deletion of the data we may have on you. Click here to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. You can also exercise these rights by emailing privacy@bombora.com with the subject “CA Privacy Rights”. 5.2 Your choices Opting-out of Bombora cookies If you wish to opt-out of being tracked by us using cookies (including to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from us), please go to our opt-out page When you opt-out, we will place a Bombora cookie on or otherwise identify your browser in a way that informs our systems not to record information related to your business research activities. However, please note that if you browse the web from multiple devices or browsers, you will need to opt-out from each device or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you use a new device, change browsers, delete the Bombora opt-out cookie or clear all cookies, you will need to perform this opt-out task again. To find out more about the use of cookies and how to opt out of third-party cookies, please see our Cookie Statement Opting-out of interest-based advertising from cookies As described above, to opt-out or receiving interest-based advertising from Bombora’s Services through the use of cookies, please go to our opt-out page You may opt-out of interest-based advertising from numerous companies that enable such advertising on those associations’ websites. Please access the DAA’s opt-out portal to do this. You may also opt-out of some of the interest-based advertising Partners that we work with by going to the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI consumer choice page You may opt-out of ad targeting that is based on your activities across mobile applications and over time, through your device ‘settings’. Opting-out of interest-based advertising in mobile applications Our Subscribers and Partners may display interest-based advertising to you in mobile applications based on your use of these over time and across non-affiliated apps. To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please visit https://youradchoices.com/ , download the DAA’s AppChoices mobile app and follow the instructions provided in the AppChoices mobile app. 6. Other important information 6.1 Data security Bombora takes precautions to protect data and information under its control from misuse, loss or alteration. Bombora has put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects through its Services and Websites. Bombora’s security measures include technology and equipment to help protect our information, maintains security measures regarding who may and may not access our information. Of course, no system or network can ensure or guarantee complete security, and Bombora disclaims any liability resulting from use of the Service or from third party hacking events or intrusions. 6.2 Children Our Websites and Services are not intended for children under 18 years old. If you are aware of personal information we have collected from a child under 18, we ask that you contact us via one of the methods listed in the ‘contact us’ section. If you are 16 years of age or older and a California Resident, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not collect, store or sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age. 6.3 Other websites The Services or Websites may contain links to or integrations with other sites that Bombora does not own or operate. This includes links from Subscribers and Partners that may use the Bombora logo in a co-branding agreement, or websites and web services that we work with in order to provide the Services. For example, we might sponsor an event, or provide services in conjunction with other businesses. Bombora does not control and is not responsible for these parties’ sites, services, content, products, services, privacy policies or practices.Likewise, if you permit Service Information to be collected and used through a website using the Services, you are choosing to disclose information to both Bombora and the third party with whose brand the website is associated. This Privacy Notice only governs Bombora’s use of your Service Information not the use of any information by any other party. 6.4 International data transfers Our servers and facilities that maintain our Websites, Services and the information we collect are operated in the United States. With that said, we are an international business, and our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the U.K. European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. This includes implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. 6.5 Data retention and deletion We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g. to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If this is not possible (e.g. because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. California “Do Not Track” California law requires that operators of websites and online services disclose how they respond to a Do Not Track signal. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret Do Not Track signals, we do not currently respond to Do Not Track signals. However, we provide you with the ability to opt-out of the use of tracking technologies used to send you interest-based advertising as described above. 6.6 Changes to our Privacy Notice We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or in the applicable law. When such changes are material in nature we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing them or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice periodically. We will always show the date of the latest modification date of the Privacy Notice at the top of the page so you can tell when it has last been revised. 6.7 Contact us If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or Bombora’s privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Office by submitting the ‘contact us’ form , or by mail using the details provided below: US and EEA Residents Attn: Havona Madama, Chief Privacy Officer – 102 Madison Ave, Floor 5 New York, NY 10016 If you are resident in the EEA and the U.K. your data controller is Bombora, Inc. Bombora is headquartered in New York, NY, USA. Find out more about us and our services 7. IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework Bombora participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (TCFv2) and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Bombora’s identification number within the framework is 163. 8. CCPA Consumer Request Metrics SolutionsSolutions Objectives Sales Intelligence and Revenue AccelerationDemand Identification and Campaign OptimizationChurn Reduction and Account Expansion Roles AgenciesPublishersSalesMarketingCompany SurgeOur DataIntegrationsMarket InsightsGet PricingSample the dataCustomersCase StudiesReviews and AwardsResourcesWhat is Intent data?Intent data for ManufacturersResource CenterUpcoming EventsBlogDeep Dive WebinarsFull Topic ListCompanyAbout UsCareers Privacy PhilosophyContact UsCustomer SupportPress Coverage © 2021-2023 Bombora, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Unauthorized Use Strictly Prohibited. Privacy PolicyTermsOpt OutCookiesGDPRCCPALinkedInFacebookTwitterEmail English Aloha, we're using cookies on this site to give you the best experience. We assume you're cool with this. But if you're not you can opt-out.Cookie Statement Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View CookiesStand out from the competition in A Bold New Way. Watch Xperience on-demand now. +1.888.436.3797 Open a support case Contact Support Community Customer Success & Services Genesys Knowledge Network Training and Certification Open a support case Contact Support Community Customer Success & Services Genesys Knowledge Network Training and Certification Genesys Cloud CX 1 Genesys DX Consultant Portal Knowledge Network Genesys Cloud CX Genesys DX Consultant Portal Knowledge Network The State ofCustomer Experience A new paradigm: Personalized, empathetic experiences at scale BY INDUSTRY Retail Personalize the shopping experience with a connected journey. Financial services Transform banking engagement with seamless experiences across channels. Government Deliver on the promise of digital government. Healthcare Create secure, connected patient experiences at every touchpoint. All Solutions BY ORG TYPE Enterprise Manage complex experiences with enterprise contact center software. SMB Deliver big customer experiences with small business solutions. Mid-sized Drive custom experiences at scale with agile, flexible solutions. Capabilities Contact center software Run your contact center with software that makes great customer experience easy. Digital Be in touch anywhere, anytime with an all-in-one suite of digital channels. AI and automation Power your contact center with Genesys AI for personalized experiences at scale. All Capabilities Workforce engagement Attract, nurture and retain the best agents for your call center. Integrations and apps Craft a custom call center with apps and integrations. Customer journey management Use journey data, analytics and orchestration to improve CX and business outcomes. All Capabilities Products Genesys Cloud CX Power deeply connected experiences through the seamless, all-in-one contact center solution. Pointillist Optimize customer journeys with an end-to-end customer journey management solution. Exceed.ai by Genesys Automate conversations, schedule meetings and grow revenue at scale with an AI virtual sales assistant. All Products All Products Find a partner If you're looking for help, our powerful partner ecosystem is ready to support. Partner overview and programs Reach new heights with your clients, offering them guidance and our market-leading solutions. Strategic alliances Benefit from our alliances with global technology brands and integrations with platforms your customers use. Channel partners Set your customers up for long-term success with market-leading solutions from Genesys. Independent consultants Gain the support and access you need to stay informed on all things Genesys. Technology and AppFoundry partners Solve Genesys users' needs and enhance experiences by creating solutions and selling them in our AppFoundry Marketplace. Global system integrators Simplify your customer experience transformation with proven methodologies that connect people, processes and technology. Partner login Existing Genesys partners can log into the portal now. Calculate your TCO for Genesys Cloud CX Get customized results in 3 simple steps The Genesys Edge Trust and security See how Genesys solutions meet and exceed modern security standards. Customer success and services Choose a dedicated partner that works with you before, during and after your deployment. Beyond Discover a community of continuous learning and innovation for customer experience professionals. Who we are Our vision Create experiences rooted in empathy — to build trust and earn loyalty. Our customers See how Genesys call center and customer experience solutions help businesses succeed. Our story Learn about Genesys and discover why we’re trusted by 7,000 companies worldwide. Genesys named a Leader The Forrester Wave™: Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS), Q1 2023 We Can Help All resources Discover the latest research, reports and resources to deliver better experiences. Blog and podcasts Gain insights from Genesys customers, industry experts, thought leaders and more. Developer tools Extend functionality without directly using an API. No programming required. Webinars and events Save the date for these upcoming Genesys events and webinars — virtual and in-person. Customer stories See how Genesys solutions help organizations succeed. Go beyond live chat with Genesys Web Messaging Continue the conversation 24/7 with our native asynchronous chat solution Request a demo Try for free Tour the product Request a quote Request a demo Try for free Tour the product Request a quote Engage and convert prospects with web messaging Say goodbye to lost conversations Answer questions and provide product information at the right moment — any time — with web messaging. Hear customer concerns the first time Seamlessly transition from a chatbot to an agent while retaining full context and visibility.Give your agents one tool to do it all Share files, start a co-browse session or escalate to a phone call with just one click through our unified desktop. Make agents your customers’ heroes Proactive messaging Deliver empathetic experiences. Contextual business rules, like web activity and agent availability, power personalized messaging conversations. Asynchronous conversations Engage 24/7, across channels. Persistent messaging lets customers continue the conversation when they want without having to repeat themselves. AI-powered bots Serve website visitors more efficiently. Automate tasks with bots or route to agents with our easy-to-tailor conversation flows and proprietary knowledge base. Easy setup and customization Configure and deploy in minutes. Make updates without waiting on IT support with our no-code/low-code implementation. Rich messaging experience Make engagements more robust, intuitive and free of friction. Use quick replies, cards, carousels, emojis and file attachments to resolve engagements faster. Omnichannel agent interface Meet your customers where they are. From web messaging and social media to SMS — agents can engage from a single, unified view of the customer. Authenticated web messaging Know your customers. Verify users when web messaging starts — no matter what browser they use — so agents can personalize the experience. Co-browse Provide high-touch assistance. Let agents see customers’ screens in real time as they navigate your website. Seamlessly elevate a web messaging conversation to co-browse. 62% of consumers say receiving the services they need at any time in their preferred channel is the type of personalization that’s most valuable in customer service interactions The State of Customer Experience, Genesys 2023 Cultivate happier customers and employees with Genesys Web Messaging People come to your website with a goal in mind, but sometimes they need help finishing the task. Studies show that web chat has the highest customer satisfaction level compared to other channels. And web messaging increases the odds of turning prospects into loyal customers. Customer service teams see value — and embrace it, too. Administrators can easily deploy and customize messenger on any website with limited IT involvement. They’ll see improved efficiency and optimized staffing as team members handle multiple asynchronous conversations at the same time. 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Contact Center as a Service Genesys named a Leader – and positioned furthest in Vision and highest in Execution Connect with customers on a channel they love — day or night Weave web messaging into the broader conversation Choose a solution in which asynchronous chat is just one of many ways to engage customers. It’s easy to navigate multiple conversations with an all-in-one, omnichannel, open platform. Reduce operational costs by automating routine, repetitive tasks. And empower agents with a unified workspace so they can quickly and easily transition from digital channels to web messaging without missing context. Give administrators the power to quickly build and customize business flow logic and integrate third-party applications . Engage customers in real time with confidence Never miss an online opportunity. Trigger conversations at the right moment based on business rules, such as web behavior, user segmentation and customer profile. Unlike live chat solutions, web messaging gives your agents a view of the entire customer journey and conversation history without opening multiple tabs. They can also guide customers through more complex transactions. So if a customer needs guidance along the journey, your agents can assist with the option of a real-time co-browsing session. Pause and pick up conversations Make it convenient to engage with your brand by giving customers the ability to pause and resume conversations — even across devices. If a customer decides to change pages, or close the messenger window, the conversation persists. This means you can be responsive at any time, even if the contact center is closed. Make experiences richer, more intuitive and free of friction for both the agent and the customer with the ability to send and receive multiple types of media content. Secure business and customer data Whether you’re an enterprise organization or a small business, handle sensitive information with confidence. Genesys uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) to secure and support encrypted conversations, both prior and ongoing. Personally identifiable information or sensitive information is detected and hidden in real time via our co-browse masking functionality. And with authenticated web messaging, you can set it so only verified users can initiate agent sessions. Those users then can resume their web messaging conversations from any browser on any device, ensuring seamless and secure communication.See what our customers have to say Within a three-week window time, we were able to move away from the old form and move into Web Messaging. It’s very early days, but the results are already showing in the calls that are coming through. We dropped 4% in rebooking queries into the customer center after one week. — Ceri Davies, Manager, Customer Centre, Virgin Atlantic Airways Web messaging is 25% more efficient compared to call handling, meaning we can serve more customers without increasing headcount. And since introducing video calls, we’ve seen a noticeable uplift in new mortgage sales. — Thom Kokhuis, Head of Conversational Banking, Rabobank See what else you can do with Genesys Chatbots Co-browse and screen share Digital customer engagement Email Knowledge management tools Predictive engagement SMS messaging Social media Virtual assistants Work automation and task routing Take your customer experience to the next level with web messaging Practical guide to web messaging Genesys Web Messaging Improve contact center routing results The State of Customer Experience Make it easy to strike up a conversation Request a free demo today. You’ll see how our cloud contact center software makes it easy to digitally enable your brand with web messaging. Start personalizing your online experience with rich, asynchronous messaging conversations on a channel your customers prefer. Welcome back Oops! We have your personal email. Yes. Keep me informed via email or telephone regarding Genesys information. I would like someone to reach out to me By providing your information, you agree to our privacy policy . Thank you for your interest. We’ll contact you directly to set up a date and time that works with your schedule. Frequently asked questions What’s the difference between website chat software and web messaging? Web messaging, also known as asynchronous chat or asynchronous messaging, lets agents interact with customers to solve issues quickly. It uses asynchronous communication, meaning that customers can engage with your brand at any time, on any device. And if a customer pauses a conversation and resumes it later, the history remains for the customer and agent. Synchronous live chat or web chat provides short-lived, standalone chats that require an agent to interact in real-time with the customer. It has a beginning and an end for each conversation, typically with immediate responses. Note: Genesys Web Messaging is the name of our native 24/7 asynchronous chat solution. What communication channels are customers using most? In the past year, more consumers worldwide used a digital channel to interact with an organization than used the voice channel. In fact, some 72% of consumers used email for a CX interaction, while 68% called a contact center. The State of Customer Experience, Genesys 2023 Chatbots and messaging apps also continue to increase in popularity for CX interactions. This is a landmark moment. Digital is no longer on the periphery as an alternative channel to voice. It’s now critical for organizations to have a connected voice and digital strategy that empowers customers across their journey. The State of Customer Experience, Genesys 2023 Why is native asynchronous functionality important? Native asynchronous functionality enables you to have 24/7 web presence through a messaging app. For example, if a customer decides to change pages or close the native Genesys Messenger window, the conversation persists. Customers can engage with an agent after the contact center is closed or self-serve through a bot, search FAQs using the Messenger Knowledge Search App, or they can schedule a callback from the next-available live agent. Why do companies use live chat? While companies might be looking to implement live chat software, they are actually in need of web messaging. Here’s four reasons why companies use web messaging over live chat: 24/7 web presence If a customer decides to change pages, or close the messenger window, the conversation persists. This means you can be responsive at any time, even if the contact center is closed. Easy to deploy and customize With an option for no-code or low-code deployment, businesses of any size can quickly implement web messaging without relying on IT teams or expensive software development resources. Never miss an online opportunity You can engage proactively based on the customer journey. Cost savings You’ll reduce operational costs because you won’t need as large a support team as you would to manage real-time chats. You’ll also save through more efficient use of resources. What are the benefits of web messaging for customers? Web messaging is convenient and accessible. Customers like being able to engage at their own pace and on their own schedules, without being tied to real-time conversations.And because web messaging is an “anywhere, anytime” solution, it’s ideal for 24/7 communication whenever it’s convenient for customers – and even across different devices, whether desktop or mobile web browsers. In addition to other live chat tools, customers can enjoy richer, personalized and actionable conversations with brands through web messaging. Give your customers a more interactive digital experience using rich messaging and free them from the drudgery of typing long messages. And because you’ll have holistic customer profiles and customer journey data, you’ll know exactly who you’re talking to and why they’re reaching out. Customers don’t have to start their interaction from scratch every time they reach out. What’s the best way to personalize web engagements? Rich messaging is a great way to personalize and improve engagements. Instead of having to type long messages, make your customer and agent experiences richer, more intuitive and free of friction with the ability to send and receive multiple types of media content. With web messaging, they’ll be able to use quick replies, cards, carousels, emojis and file attachments. With holistic customer profiles and customer journey information, your agents will know exactly who they’re talking to and why. That same information can help agents know when it’s best to engage proactively. By using our natively integrated Genesys Co-browse capability, agents can also gain a better understanding of customers’ needs by elevating the existing web messaging conversation to co-browse seamlessly – and still part of the original interaction. Agents will guide them through the most complex transactions – boosting the customer experience and improving conversion rates. What’s the difference between Co-Browse and Screen Sharing? Screen sharing allows customers to share their entire desktop so agents can see everything happening on the customer’s screen. Co-browsing is limited to a specific browser. For example, if the customer decides to browse a different private website, the agent won’t see the new browsing session. This ensures a high level of user privacy. +1.888.436.3797 Every year, Genesys® orchestrates billions of remarkable customer experiences for organizations in more than 100 countries. Through the power of our cloud, digital and AI technologies, organizations can realize Experience as a Service, our vision for empathetic customer experiences at scale. With Genesys, organizations have the power to deliver proactive, predictive, and hyper personalized experiences to deepen their customer connection across every marketing, sales, and service moment on any channel, while also improving employee productivity and engagement. By transforming back-office technology to a modern revenue velocity engine Genesys enables true intimacy at scale to foster customer trust and loyalty. Copyright © 2023 Genesys. All rights reserved. Terms of Use |Privacy Policy Version 4.0 1st June 2022 Table of Contents Table of Contents ........................................................................................................................................................................ 2 Revision History .......................................................................................................................................................................... 3 Introduction ........................................................................................................................................................................ 4 Data Controller ................................................................................................................................................................... 5 Collection of personal information ................................................................................................................................... 6 Purposes of processing .................................................................................................................................................... 7 4.1 To process applications for GlobalSign products and services .......................................................................................................... 7 4.2 To improve customer service ............................................................................................................................................................. 7 4.3 To send renewal notices .................................................................................................................................................................... 7 4.4 To send service updates .................................................................................................................................................................... 7 4.5 To tell you about our products and services ....................................................................................................................................... 7 4.6 To process applications for jobs at GlobalSign .................................................................................................................................. 7 Lawful basis for processing personal data ..................................................................................................................... 8 Use of cookies and web beacons ..................................................................................................................................... 9 Use of application logs for diagnostics or other statistical information .................................................................... 10 Sharing of information and transfer of data .................................................................................................................. 11 8.1 Within GlobalSign ............................................................................................................................................................................. 11 8.2 Third Parties ..................................................................................................................................................................................... 11 8.3 As Required by Law ......................................................................................................................................................................... 11 8.4 Mergers & Acquisitions .................................................................................................................................................................... 11 International transfers ..................................................................................................................................................... 12 10 Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions .......................................................................................................... 13 Japan........................................................................................................................................................................................... 13 Additional purpose(s) ................................................................................................................................................................................... 13 Joint Usage ................................................................................................................................................................................................. 13 11 Data retention ...................................................................................................................................................................14 12 Opting out and withdrawing consent ............................................................................................................................. 15 13 Your rights ........................................................................................................................................................................ 16 14 How we protect your information ................................................................................................................................... 17 15 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) ...................................................................................................... 18 16 Relevant laws .................................................................................................................................................................... 19 17 Changes to this privacy policy ....................................................................................................................................... 20 18 Privacy Information Management System (PIMS) policy statement ........................................................................... 21 19 EU and UK representatives ............................................................................................................................................. 22 20 Contact us ......................................................................................................................................................................... 23 21 Office locations ................................................................................................................................................................ 24 10.1.1 10.1.2 10.1 G M O G l o b a l S i g n Revision History Date 1st June 2022 31st March 2021 28th February 2020 GMO GlobaSIgn Author GMO GlobalSign V4.0 - Additional jurisdictional information, Latest Release GMO GlobalSign V3.3 - Additional purposes V3.2 - Additional purposes Description G M O G l o b a l S i g n Introduction GlobalSign respects your right to privacy. This privacy policy has been developed to inform you about the privacy practices followed by GlobalSign in connection with its websites, products and services. This privacy policy applies where you have a direct relationship with GlobalSign - ie. if you are one of our customers, contacts, suppliers, job applicants, contractors (or ex- employees or previous contractors), then GlobalSign will be acting as data controller (make decisions) in respect of the information that we hold on you. This privacy policy does not apply to products or services offered by our partners, resellers or other third parties, or other third-party services or websites, and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of those parties. This privacy policy will inform you about what data is collected, how we use such data, where data is processed, how you may opt out of your data being used, the security provisions around storing your data and how to correct, update or delete your data. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 2 Data Controller The data controller for personal data collected by GlobalSign within the UK is GMO GlobalSign Ltd, having its registered offices at Springfield House, Sandling Road, Maidstone, Kent, ME14 2LP, United Kingdom. The data controller for personal data collected by GlobalSign within the EU is GMO GlobalSign NV, having it's registered offices at Diestsevest 14, 3000 Leuven, Belgium. The data controller for personal data collected by GblobalSign within Japan is GlobalSign K.K., having it's registered offices at Shibuya Fukuras 9-16F, 1-2-3, Dogenzaka, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0043, Japan. As a provider of services, GlobalSign may receive or have access to personal data on behalf of our customers. Such information ("Customer Personal Data") is owned and controlled by our customers, the data controllers for such information, under applicable data protection law. Customer information may include information provided by the customer in support of certain services, such as identification data for verification purposes. As a data processor of the Customer Personal Data, GlobalSign processes the Customer Personal Data pursuant to the instructions from our customers. If GlobalSign receives a data subject request, it may direct you to our Customer, as the controller of the Customer Personal Data. All questions or requests regarding the processing of data may be addressed to: dpo@globalsign.com.G M O G l o b a l S i g n 3 Collection of personal information We collect information from you when you (i) place an order for a GlobalSign digital certificate or other product or service, (ii) scan your servers for digital certificates using our Certificate Inventory Tool (CIT), (iii) apply for access to our portal and/or managed service platforms, (iv) subscribe to our newsletter, (v) use our online chat service, (vi) download a white paper, (vii) register for a webinar, (viii) respond to a survey, (ix) fill out a form for pre/post sales assistance, (x) open a support ticket, (xi) apply for a job at GlobalSign, (xii) share data with social media sites, or (xiii) attend a GlobalSign exhibit. GlobalSign is a Certification Authority and a trusted third party. To fulfill requests for digital certificates or other products or services, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, physical address, phone number, credit card information and/or organizational details or other personal information. - Contact information such as your name, email address, physical address, and phone number. - Relationship information that helps us do business with you, such as the types of products and services that may interest you, contact and product preferences, languages, marketing preferences and demographic data. - Vetting evidences such as ID documentation - Transactional information about how you interact with us, including purchases, inquiries, customer account information, billing and credit card information, organizational details, transaction and correspondence history, and information about how you use and interact with our website. We may develop and acquire additional information about you by using third-party (public and private) data sources such as third-party databases and government agencies, as well as your browsing and purchasing history in order to process orders for certificates and to improve our services. GlobalSign treats personal information as confidential, except for the information included in an issued digital certificate. Such information may be verified using third party commercial and government resources, and as such, is deemed to be public information. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 4 Purposes of processing Your personal data will be used for the purposes specified below: 4.1 To process applications for GlobalSign products and services Your information is used to provide our products and services and order processing as well as to conduct business transactions such as billing. 4.2 To improve customer service Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your pre/post sales requests and provide technical support. 4.3 To send renewal notices The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you renewal notices for your expiring digital certificate. 4.4 To send service updates In addition, subject to your consent where required, we may send you new service updates, security updates, related product or service information, and status updates on maintenance windows or service availability. 4.5 To tell you about our products and services Subject to your consent where required, we may send you periodic company newsletters, information about our products and services that may be of interest to you based on your use of other GlobalSign products and services, your attendance at GlobalSign sponsored marketing events such as webinars or exhibitions, your requests for information about similar products and services, or your sharing of data with social media sites such as LinkedIn or Facebook. 4.6 To process applications for jobs at GlobalSign If you apply to work with us, your information is used to process your application G M O G l o b a l S i g n 5 Lawful basis for processing personal data We will process your data for the purpose of performance of our contract with you or the legitimate interest of GlobalSign, which are our usual business activities. In other cases, we will request your consent for the processing of the personal data you may submit. Your refusal to provide personal data to us for certain products and services may hinder us from fulfilling your order for those products or services. Also, if you deny or withdraw your consent to use personal data or opt out of receiving information about GlobalSign products and services this may result in you not being made aware of renewal notices, periodic company newsletters, new service updates, security updates, related product or service information, and status updates on maintenance windows or service availability. See section 12 below for how to withdraw your consent G M O G l o b a l S i g n 6 Use of cookies and web beacons GlobalSign's certificate management systems use cookies to enable the fulfillment of services. Cookies may be used when you log into the system, purchase products or use certain system functions.In addition, like most online businesses, GlobalSign uses cookies and web beacons on our websites and through marketing related emails to gather and analyze some personal data such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, ISP, referring page, operating system, date/time and basic geographical information. We use cookies and web beacons to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications and offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. First time visitors may choose to not have any activity monitoring cookies set in their browser. We use an opt-out identification cookie to tag these users as having made this decision. Those cookies that pertain to site performance, experience improvement and marketing are programmed not to execute when an opt-out cookie is present in a visitor's browser. Opt-out cookies persist until a visitor clears their browser cookies, or until their expiration one year after the set date. A visitor is required to opt out again after one year in order to disable any activity monitoring cookies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see https://www.globalsign.com/en/cookie-policy G M O G l o b a l S i g n 7 Use of application logs for diagnostics or other statistical information Our servers automatically record information ("Application Log Data") created by your use of our services. Application Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information. We use this information to diagnose and improve our services. Except as stated in section 9 (Data Retention), we will either delete the Application Log Data or remove any account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 10 years. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 8 Sharing of information and transfer of data We do not sell or trade your personal information to outside parties. 8.1 Within GlobalSign GlobalSign is a global organisation with business processes and technical systems in various countries. As such, we may share information about you within our group company and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business, including but not limited to Europe, Malaysia, United States and Asia in connection with the uses identified in section 3 above and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Transfers to some countries are recognised as having an adequate level of protection ('adequate countries'). For other countries, we ensure your data is adequately protected, including by entering into agreements containing approved standard contractual clauses with each of our group companies. You can obtain a copy of these agreements from us, by contacting us as outlined in section 16 below. 8.2 Third Parties We may also transfer your personal data to trusted third parties and our partners in order to serve purposes that are specified in section 3 above. GlobalSign uses a third party to process credit card payments and provides credit card numbers and identifying financial data directly to the third party credit card processor. In circumstances where data is shared with such third parties, they are required to comply with confidentiality terms included in our data processing agreements. This prohibits such third parties from selling, trading, using, marketing or otherwise distributing GlobalSign customer data. Where any third party is located in another country, we ensure your personal data is adequately protected as explained in section 9. 8.3 As Required by Law We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or protect our rights, property, or safety. It is our policy to notify customers of requests for their data from law enforcement unless we are prohibited from doing so by statute or court order. Where we process Customer Personal Data on behalf of our customers, it is our customers, in the first instance, who are responsible for telling individuals about any requests. Law enforcement officials who believe that notification would jeopardize an investigation should obtain an appropriate court order or other process that specifically precludes member notification, such as an order issued pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2705(b).8.4 Mergers & Acquisitions We may also disclose your personal information to third parties who may take over the operation of our site or who may purchase any or all of our assets, including your personal information. We will contact you using the details you provide if there is any change in the person controlling your information. G M O G l o b a l S i g n International transfers The third parties, subsidiaries and affiliates to which your personal information can be disclosed may be located throughout the world. Therefore, information may be sent to countries having different privacy protection standards than your country of residence. In such cases, we take measures to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection by ensuring an appropriate safeguard is in place. This may include that the country is recognised as an adequate country (as having an adequate level of protection for personal data). Where we use certain service providers, we will ensure that adequate measures are in place to protect your personal information, including (where necessary) by using approved only transferring your personal information to countries that have received an adequacy decision, or by entering into standard contractual clauses to protect your personal information. Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanisms used by us to protect your personal data when it is transferred internationally. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 10 Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions 10.1 Japan The Japan region is subject to the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Additional information required by this legislation follows, and is applicable where data is collected and processed in Japan by our Japanese entity, GMO GlobalSIgn K.K. 10.1.1 Additional purpose(s) We may process your personal data for research and analysis for the development of our products and services. We may process your personal data for the purpose of providing shareholder benefit to GlobalSign's parent company, GMO GlobalSign HD or GMO Internet. 10.1.2 Joint Usage GlobalSign uses Personal Data jointly with it's group companies. Details of joint usage is disclosed as below. Name of organization responsible for management of Personal Data GMO GlobalSign K.K. Purpose of Joint Usage of Personal Data The purpose remains the same as section 4. Fields used for Joint Usage Basic Personal Data (First and last name, address, phone number, email address, etc.) and associated user data such as usage history required to fulfil the purpose of collection stipulated in section 4. Scope of joint usage GlobalSign group companies G M O G l o b a l S i g n 11 Data retention The personal information we collect is retained for no longer than necessary to fulfil the stated purposes in section 4 above or for a period specifically required by law or regulation that GlobalSign is obligated to follow. To meet public CA audit requirements as detailed in the GlobalSign Certification Practice Statement, personal data used to fulfill verification of certain types of digital certificate applications will be retained for a minimum of ten (10) years depending on the class of product or service and may be retained in either a physical or electronic format. Please refer to the GlobalSign Certification Practice Statement for full details. After the retention period is over, GlobalSign securely disposes or anonymizes your personal information in order to prevent loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 12 Opting out and withdrawing consent If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Renewal notices may be cancelled on a per digital certificate basis by logging into your certificate management system account and disabling renewal notices. Email preferences for CIT related/collected information can be updated and changed within CIT. If GlobalSign is processing your personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time via the GlobalSign Preference Centre at https://preferences.globalsign.com/PreferencesCenter/ or by contacting us at one of the addresses shown in section 20 below. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 13 Your rights You are responsible for providing GlobalSign with true, accurate, current and complete personal information. Also, you are responsible to maintain and promptly update the information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You have the right to access and modify your personal data stored on GlobalSign systems. You can exercise your rights by contacting us in writing. We will require you to provide identification in order to verify the authenticity as the data subject. We will make reasonable efforts to respond to and process your request as required by law.To the extent of applicable law, you may have the right to request erasure of your personal information, restriction of processing as it applies to you, object to processing and the right to data portability. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. To exercise these, or any data subject rights, please refer to the form at https://www.globalsign.com/en/data-request-form If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future services. As a provider of services, GlobalSign may receive or have access to personal data on behalf of our customers. Such information ("Customer Personal Data") is owned and controlled by our customers, the data controllers for such information. Customer information may include information provided by the customer in support of certain services, such as identification data for verification purposes. As a data processor of the Customer Personal Data, GlobalSign processes the Customer Personal Data pursuant to the instructions from our customers. If GlobalSign receives a data subject request, it may direct you to our Customer, as the controller of the Customer Personal Data. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 14 How we protect your information To prevent unauthorized access to personal information and to prevent and recover from loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of personal data, we have established internal policies and procedures for safety measures. In order to achieve the above objectives, we have implemented the following measures 1. Establish a basic policy for the appropriate handling of personal information and personal data in accordance with laws, regulations, and guidelines. 2. Establishment of policies that stipulate rules around acquisition, use, storage, provision, deletion, and disposal of Personal Data, as well as the responsible persons and their roles 3. Organisational security control measures, such as the establishment of a responsible person, clarification of the employees who process personal data and the scope of personal data processing, implementation of a reporting and communication system to the responsible person in the event that a fact or indication of a violation of the law and/or policies are detected, and periodic inspections regarding the Personal Data processing status is in line with policies and procedures. 4. Personal security measures, such as stating matters concerning confidentiality of personal data in employee handbook, and conducting periodic training on personal data processing related rules and policies 5. Physical security measures, such as physical access control for employees, restrictions on equipment brought into the office, and restrictions and controls on the removal of equipment and electronic media and documents that process or contains Personal Data to prevent them from being stolen or lost, etc. 6. Technical security control measures, such as the introduction of systems to protect information systems that handle personal data from unauthorized external access or unauthorized software Implementation of security control measures based on an understanding of the systems for the protection of personal information in the countries where personal data is processed 8. Appointment of a Data Protection Officer who oversees all data handling processes and activities G M O G l o b a l S i g n 15 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) The services are not designed for, not marketed to, minors. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from minors, and we do not knowingly allow such persons to use the services. If you are a minor, please do not attempt to use the services or send any information about yourself to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a minor without verified parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we have any information from or about a minor, please contact us using the contact information below G M O G l o b a l S i g n 16 Relevant laws GlobalSign commits itself to protect the personal information submitted by applicants and subscribers for its public certification services. GlobalSign declares to fully respect all rights established and laid out in applicable regional laws and regulations. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 17 Changes to this privacy policy If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we will notify by emailing a notice of the availability of a new version with a link this document will always be available at latest version of https://www.globalsign.com/en/repository/GlobalSign-Privacy-Policy.pdf the new version.The current G M O G l o b a l S i g n 18 Privacy Information Management System (PIMS) policy statement GlobalSign is committed to ensuring an effective, scalable and reliable Privacy Information Management System that is capable to rendering efficient and decisive actions in the event of a breach or compromise but also to deliver a strong and robust privacy framework. The business treats it's responsibilities as temporary custodians of its interested parties' personal data as absolute. It manages the collection, transfer and storage of such information not only in a lawful and ethical manner but also in one which is to be expected from such an organization. GlobalSign is also committed to adhere to legislative, regulatory and contractual requirements and managing the associated risk. The policy is dynamic in nature and includes a commitment to continual improvement through a process of incident reporting, risk assessment and regular audits. This policy is reviewed at least annually or if any major changes occur. PIMS policy aims to achieve the intended GlobalSign data protection vision & mission. G M O G l o b a l S i g n 19 EU and UK representatives Those members of the GlobalSign group established outside of the EEA have appointed GMO GlobalSign NV as their EU representative. GMO GlobalSign NV can be contacted at dpo@globalsign.com Those member of the GlobalSign group established outside of the UK have appointed GMO GlobalSign Ltd as their UK representative. GMO GlobalSign Ltd can be contacted at dpo@globalsign.com G M O G l o b a l S i g n 20 Contact us If you have any inquires, or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: https://support.globalsign.com/ https://support.globalsign.com/customer/portal/emails/new https://jp.globalsign.com/support/ Data Protection Officer GMO GlobalSign, Ltd. Springfield House Sandling Road Maidstone, Kent ME 14 2LP United Kingdom +44 1622 766 766 dpo@globalsign.com G M O G l o b a l S i g n 21 Office locations GMO GlobalSign K.K., Tokyo, Japan GMO GlobalSign Ltd., Maidstone, Kent, UK GMO GlobalSign N/V, Leuven, Belgium GMO GlobalSign, Inc., Portsmouth, NH, USA GMO GlobalSign Russia LLC, Moskva, Russia GMO GlobalSign Pte. Ltd, Anson, Singapore GMO GlobalSign Certificate Services Pvt. Ltd., Delhi, India GlobalSign China Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China GMO GlobalSign Inc., Manila, Philippines GMO GlobalSign FZ-LLC, Dubai, UAE GMO GlobalSign Technology Solutions SA, Brazil G M O G l o b a l S i g n