PRIVACY POLICY Last updated: 2018-05-22 DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB Norra Stationsgatan 93 111 64 Stockholm Sweden Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL Last updated: 2018-05-22 We at DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB ("DigiExam," "we," "us," "our") know that our users ("you," "your") care about how your personal information ("Personal Data") is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. We will be transparent with you about the type of Personal Data we collect and provide clear information about how we use that Personal Data. We have taken proper measures to ensure that we follow all applicable data protection laws and regulations and we will co-operate with the authorities when needed. In the absence of data protection legislation, we will act in accordance with generally accepted principles governing data protection. This policy ("Privacy Policy") describes: (i) the types of Personal Data we collect when you use our service or website; (ii) why and how we use that Personal Data and what security measures we take in order to protect that Personal Data; (iii) how long we retain it; and (iv) with whom we share it. It also explains what your rights and options are as they pertain to privacy. By visiting this website or using our service, you acknowledge our collection and use of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. We strongly suggest that you read this Privacy Policy, and contact us if you have any questions. IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR STUDENTS AND TEACHERS: This Privacy Policy does not govern the collection, use, or disclosure of Personal Data through the use of the service by the educational institution which has given you access to the service, . Please contact this organization to better understand its privacy practices as data controller. DigiExam will retain Personal Data we process on behalf of organizations for as long as needed to provide services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as data processor What Does This Privacy Policy Cover This Privacy Policy covers our treatment and processing of Personal Data (any directly or indirectly personally identifiable information) that DigiExam gathers when you are accessing or using our website or services. Processing refers to any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Data We Collect and Why Data You Provide to Us We receive and store any Personal Data you actively provide to us. The only Personal Data required from you in order to register or log onto our service is your full name, e-mail address and student code. The student codes are collected and used by schools in order to identify their students. The type of student code used varies depending on the school's policy and can consist of an e-mail address, personal identity number or the first letters in the student's first and last name. In the future, we may ask for additional Personal Data to enhance your profile, such as education, interests, and communication preferences. Any such data you elect to add to your account in this regard is voluntary. You can choose not to provide us with certain Personal Data but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features or services. We may anonymize your Personal Data so that you cannot be individually identified either directly or indirectly. - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL Data Collected Automatically Whenever you interact with our service, we automatically receive and record data on your computer properties ("Log data"). For example, Log data may include data such as your computer's IP address, type and version of operating system, the screen resolution of your computer etc. Client hash is also collected by us in order to identify a student's computer when there has been a computer error. Whenever you interact with our website, certain information is also provided to us from your browser via e.g. cookies. Cookies are identifiers, files or pieces of information, which we transfer to the computer or mobile device you are using that allow us to recognize the browser or mobile device and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited by you. Cookies may provide information on, inter alia, browser type, how you navigate on our website and other statistics. Some of this information may constitute Personal Data to the extent it can be traced back to an individual.We use this information for our legitimate interest to monitor and analyze the use of our website in order to increase our website's functionality and user-friendliness to better tailor it to your needs. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing cookies. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to delete or to prevent or limit your computer or device's acceptance of cookies, but that may affect the functionality of our website. Please refer to our cookie policy for details regarding the types of cookies used. Our website includes social media features.. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. We use analytics services to help analyze how users use our website. These services use cookies and scripts to collect and store data such as user interaction, errors users encounter, device identifiers, how often users visit the site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the site. You may opt out of tracking of certain information collected by Google Analytics on the website by clicking here. Please see the following links for more information about GoogleAnalytics: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html, http://www.google.com/privacy.html, and http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html. For What Purpose We Use Your Personal Data and Based on What Legal Grounds We use the data we receive from you in order to fulfill our agreements with our customers as a data processor and for our legitimate business interests in order to operate, administrate/maintain and improve our website and our service including responding to requests that you make, or otherwise to aid us in serving you better or in order to comply with the law as set out in section D below. In particular, we use your Personal Data in the following ways: to create and maintain your account; to identify you as a user in our system; to operate, maintain, and improve our website and our services and to personalize and improve your experience; to send you administrative emails and to respond to your comments or inquiries. We have a legitimate interest to send you surveys, promotional communication and information about product and service updates with your permission when logging onto our site; to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity; and to contact you as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback with your permission. - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL We may also use general data that we collect from you which does not contain Personal Data for our own internal purposes (i.e., to monitor overall usage trends, metrics, page views, etc.). Communication We have a legitimate interest to communicate to our users and may contact you, by email or other means. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails. You can also always contact us at privacy@digiexam.se if you do not wish to receive any email or contact from us. Please note however, that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. Such legal notices and the complete set of updated terms are to be found on our website. Testimonials We may post user testimonials/comments/reviews on our website which may contain Personal Data. We do obtain the user's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial including Personal Data. Such consent may be withdrawn at any time. To request removal of your Personal Data from Testimonials or comments please contact us at privacy@digiexam.se Where We Store Your Personal Data Your Personal Data is stored on a cloud platform provided by Google. If you are located outside the European Union, the Personal Data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored and processed at, a destination in the European Union. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use subprocessors who receive and process certain Personal Data on our behalf. Please click here for a complete list of all our subprocessors and where they store their data.Disclosure of Your Personal Data We will not sell or lease any of your Personal Data in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share such Personal Data in personally identifiable form with third parties as described below. A. Trusted Third Parties: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your Personal Data with them to provide the services to you. Unless we tell you differently, such third parties do not have any right to use the Personal Data we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. This includes third party companies and individuals employed by us to facilitate and improve our services, including the provision of maintenance services, database management, Web analytics and general improvement of the services. B. Educational institution or other course provider: We will share your Personal Data with the educational institution or organization which is linked to your use of the services. For example, this would apply: If teachers, administrators and account managers use the platform, for example when teachers use the service in order to prepare and administrate exams ; or If you as a student are conducting a test, whereby we will share your data including test results with the educational institution providing the test, including teachers. - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL C. Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, Customer data is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter into bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Data would be one of the assets transferred to, or acquired by, a third party. You will be notified via email of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Data, including a reference to a prominent notice and information on our website as well as a notice when logging onto our service. You will also be informed of any choices you may have regarding your Personal Data. D. Protection of DigiExam and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any data that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or a court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of DigiExam, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging data with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We also may be required to disclose an individual's Personal Data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Data may be shared with third parties, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of such Personal Data. General Practices Related to Data Security We take the security of your Personal Data seriously and use appropriate measures to protect it against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. Our security measures are constantly being revised in accordance with technological developments. Which actions that are necessary will depend on the type of Personal Data being processed and the specific risks associated with that processing. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Data by protecting your credentials appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. DigiExam is committed to maintaining the security and confidentiality of a user's Personal Data. To that end, DigiExam has taken the following actions: (a) limiting employee access to Personal Data pertaining to students based on roles and responsibilities; (b) conducting background checks on employees who have access to student data; (c) conducting privacy training for employees with access to students' Personal Data; (d) protecting Personal Data with technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security safeguards in order to protect it from unauthorized access, release or use. When you enter your Personal Data on our site we encrypt the transmission of that Personal Data using transport layer security (TLS). Whenever your Personal Data is used for purposes such as statistics or general user activity monitoring we make sure to anonymize the data where appropriate. Our website or tests provided in the service may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you must read that site's Privacy Policy.If you share your computer or use a computer that is accessed by the general public, remember to sign off and close your browser window when you have finished your session. Data Breach If DigiExam knows security breach of a system by an unauthorized party or that any user's Personal Data was used for an unauthorized purpose, we will comply with applicable data - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL protection legislation regarding data breaches and use appropriate measures to mitigate the breach. Your Control Over Personal Data As a data subject you have many rights regarding your Personal Data which is collected and stored. In summary, these include: (i) the right to transparency and access with respect to the Personal Data that is stored and processed, (ii) the right to corrections of any mistakes in the Personal Data and erasure in certain situations, (iii) the right to restriction of processing in certain circumstances, (IV) the right to object at any time to processing of Personal Data concerning you when such processing is based on our legitimate interest, for direct marketing and in certain other situations (V) the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority, (VI) the right to data portability, i.e. to receive Personal Data collected about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and (VII) the right to claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection legislation. You may access, and, in some cases, edit, update or delete Personal Data you have provided to us. You have the right to decline to share certain elements of Personal Data that we ask you to provide, but keep in mind that the Personal Data may be needed to use our services. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Data after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. The Personal Data you can view, update, and delete may change as the website changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating Personal Data we have on file about you, please contact us at privacy@digiexam.se. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. How Long We Keep Personal Data Personal Data will never be stored longer than necessary in view of the above-mentioned purposes. The criteria for determining the retention period are based on our agreement with your educational institution, the legal obligations we have to adhere to, and our legitimate interest to communicate with you in order to manage the service and any user problems that can occur, as well as marketing purposes. The same Personal Data can be stored in different locations for different purposes. Your Personal Data is only accessible by authorized personnel. In general, we will retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. You may request deletion of your account by contacting us at privacy@digiexam.se. All of your Personal Data will be deleted from our database or de identified when the account is closed. We will store the Personal Data per the user's license requirement or delete the account upon user request. For database backups, we do a daily backup and store up to 90 days. We will retain the backups once a month. Our current data retention policy is to keep each student's data within the active contract period or a minimum duration required for licensing compliance per request from the Customer within the active contract period. We may also choose to anonymize certain - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaktion 09222115557391810755 Signerat VL parts of the Personal Data you provide to us so that it can no longer be attributed to you if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.] Changes to This Privacy Policy DigiExam reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will note any such changes by updating the publication date of this Privacy Policy and inform our users of this via email including a link to a prominent note on our website. Users of our service will also be notified of changes when logging onto our platform. It is each user's responsibility to review the Privacy Policy when it is changed. If we make significant changes impacting the collection, use, disclosure or retention of Personal Data, we will also provide an email notice to you thirty (30) days in advance of implementing those changes. Questions or Concerns If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message privacy@digiexam.se. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.Contact Information DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB Attn: Privacy Director Address: Norra Stationsgatan 93, 113 64 Stockholm, SWEDEN Tel: +46 (0)10-160 44 14 Email: privacy@digiexam.se - DigiExam Solutions Sweden AB | Norra Stationsgatan 93 | 111 64 Stockholm | Sweden - Transaction 09222115557391810755 Signed VL Verification Transaction 092221155557391810755 Document DigiExam Privacy Policy Main document 7 pages Sent by Viktor Löfgren (VL) Signing parties Viktor Löfgren (VL) DigiExam Personal number 830315-0133 Org. no 556869-1504 viktor.lofgren@digiexam.se +46 70 308 27 89 Signed 2018-05-22 09:50:55 CEST (+0200) Registered events 2018-05-22 09:50:55 CEST (+0200) 155.4.19.65 The editing of the document was completed by Viktor Löfgren (VL). The signing process began. 2018-05-22 09:50:55 CEST (+0200) 155.4.19.65 The document was signed by Viktor Löfgren (VL). This voucher is issued by Scrive. Information in italics is securely verified. The time stamp ensures that the authenticity of the document can be proven mathematically and independently of Scrive. For more information see the hidden legal attachment (use a PDF reader that can view hidden attachments). For your convenience, Scrive also provides a service to automatically verify document authenticity at: https://scrive.com/verify 1/1California Resident Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy Summary The TMX Finance® Family of Companies (and, its operating entities) ("we," "our," or the "Company") respects your privacy and is committed to providing a transparent notice of our California Resident Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). This California Resident Notice and Privacy Policy (the "Notice") applies solely to those who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). The purpose of this Notice is to provide California residents, at or before the time we collect your personal information, with a comprehensive description of our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal information and of the rights of consumers regarding your personal information: Notice at Collection: Notice at or before the point of collection, about the categories of personal information to be collected from you and the purposes for which the personal information will be used. CCPA Privacy Policy: A comprehensive description of our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal information and of your rights regarding your personal information, including: Your Right To Know ("RTK") about personal information collected, used, and disclosed including: § Categories of personal information we collected in the preceding 12 months § Categories of sources from which personal information is collected § Categories of personal information, if any, we disclosed or sold in the preceding 12 months § For each category identified as disclosed or sold, categories of third parties to whom the information was disclosed or sold Transparency about personal information that we sell, and your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information Your right to request deletion ("Right to Delete" or "RTD") of your personal information o How to submit a Verified Consumer Request ("VCR") for your right to know or right to request deletion o How to use an authorized agent to submit a VCR o Other California privacy rights o Changes to our privacy notice o Our contact information Your right to non-discrimination for the exercise of a privacy right Please note that if you are consumer or customer of a financial product or service used primarily for personal, family, or household use, such as a title loan/pawn/pledge, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act ("GLBA") and California Financial Information Privacy Act ("CalFIPA") govern the collection, use, and sharing of that data related to that account, not CCPA. There is an exemption to CCPA requests when data must be retained under the GLBA and/or CalFIPA. CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 Notice at Collection The purpose of this Notice at Collection is to provide you with timely notice, at or before the point of collection, about the categories of personal information to be collected from you and the purposes for which the personal information will be used. Do We collect? Categories of Personal Information A. Identifiers: For example, a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. B. Personal Information Categories from Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e): For example, a name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. C. Characteristics of CA or Federal Protected Classifications: For example, race, age, gender, disability, or military status. D. Commercial Information: For example, records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. E. Biometric Information: For example, physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics, including an individual's deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity. Biometric information includes, but is not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information. F.Internet or Other Similar Network Activity: For example, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement G. Geolocation Data: For example, information that can be used to determine a device's physical location H. Sensory or Surveillance Data: For example, audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information that can be linked or associated with a particular consumer or household CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 I. Professional or Employment-Related Information: For example, compensation, evaluations, performance reviews, personnel files and current and past job history. J. Education Information (defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)): Education records directly related to a student maintained by an education institution or party acting on its behalf, for example, non- public information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity in relation to an educational institution either directly or indirectly through linkages with other information. K. Profile Data: For example, inferences drawn from personal information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Please note that Personal Information does not include: • Publicly available information from government records. • Deidentified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like: o health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; o personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (CalFIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act (DPPA) of 1994. We use the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: • Debugging to identify and repair errors • For auditing relating to consumer transactions and compliance with laws and regulations • For auditing relating to consumer transactions including ad impressions • For internal and external investigations of criminal activity, fraud, and consumer complaints • For marketing our services to you • For our internal operation purposes • For review in analyzing business trends or conducting business analysis • For Risk-Based pricing • For training opportunities and quality assurance purposes • For underwriting • Fraud and security detection and prevention CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 • Servicing transactions and accounts (e.g., customer service, maintaining, managing, collecting, and servicing accounts, customer verification, payment processing) and providing services on behalf of business or service provider (e.g., financing, advertising or marketing, analytics) • Short-term data use for the current interaction that is not used to build a profile • To act as Program Manager for Demand Deposit Agreement Accounts • To comply with federal, state, or local laws, regulations, or ordinances • To determine eligibility for credit services • To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred • To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided • To honor your preferences • To provide credit services • To share the personal information with service providers to carry out other business purposes • To verify residency • Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business. • Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. We will not collect additional categories of personal information without providing you a new Notice at Collection disclosing those categories.You may exercise your Right to Opt-Out by clicking "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" on our website, https://www.titlemax.com/california-title-loans/, or submit a Verified Consumer Request by completing the form here https://www.titlemax.com/optout/ccpa. (Note: Opting out of selling is both device and browser specific. Opting out of one of our Company websites does not automatically opt you out for all Company websites, nor will you be opted out of our customer portal). Privacy Policy The purpose of this privacy policy is to provide you with a comprehensive description of our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal information and of your rights regarding your personal information. Your Right to Know You have the right to request that the Company disclose what personal information it collects, uses, discloses, and sells. You can do this through a VCR. That process is described below in the section, "Submitting a Verified Consumer Request." We collect personal information, which means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 household ("personal information"). The following table includes disclosures of categories of consumers' personal information we have collected about consumers in the past 12 months, the categories we have disclosed for a business purpose and categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information. Category A. Identifiers In the preceding 12 months this category was: Collected Disclosed B. Personal Information Categories from Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) Categories of third parties to whom the information was disclosed • Loan-Management and Point-of-Sale providers • Cloud-storage providers • Payment processors • Web-analytics providers • Web-hosting service providers • Point-of-Sale Providers and loan management providers • E-mail distribution service providers • Customer Service and Help Desk service providers • Financial, auditing, and accounting service providers • Cybersecurity service providers • Logistics and planning tool providers • Service providers • Customer relationship management providers • Property preservation and inspection services • Third-party independent recovery servicers and providers • Auctions • Federal, State and local law enforcement • Cloud-storage providers • Payment processors • Web-analytics providers • Web-hosting service providers • E-mail distribution service providers • Customer Service and Help Desk service providers • Financial, auditing, and accounting service providers • Cybersecurity service providers • Logistics and planning tool providers • Customer relationship management tool providers CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 • Property preservation and inspection services • Third-party independent recovery servicers and providers • Auctions • Federal, State and local law enforcement • Legal personnel (e.g., mediators, arbitrators, attorneys, court personnel, bankruptcy trustees) • Financial institutions • Demand Deposit Agreement contractual parties • Credit Bureaus, Credit Reporting Agencies • Federal, state and local agencies (e.g., the Department of Defense, Department of the Treasury, Department of Motor Vehicles, the Internal Revenue Service) • Federal, state and local regulators • Insurance companies • Customer Service and Help Desk service providers • Point-of-Sale Providers • Service Providers • Financial, auditing, and accounting service providers • Customer relationship management providers • Third-party independent recovery servicers and providers • Federal, State and local law enforcement • Legal personnel (e.g., mediators, arbitrators, attorneys, court personnel, bankruptcy trustees) • Financial institutions • Demand Deposit Agreement contractual parties • Credit Bureaus, Credit Reporting Agencies • Federal, state and local agencies (e.g., the Department of Defense, Department of the Treasury, Department of Motor Vehicles, the Internal Revenue Service) • Federal, state and local regulators • Customer Service and Help Desk service providers • Financial, auditing, and accounting service providers C. Characteristics of CA or Federal Protected Classifications D. Commercial Information CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 E. Biometric Information F. Internet or Other Similar Network Activity G.Geolocation Data • Cybersecurity service providers • Customer relationship management providers • Federal, State and local law enforcement • Legal personnel (e.g., mediators, arbitrators, attorneys, court personnel, bankruptcy trustees) • Financial institutions • Demand Deposit Agreement contractual parties • Federal, state, and local agencies • Federal, state, and local regulators • Service providers • Data management service providers • Marketing vendors and providers • Cloud-storage providers • Web-analytics providers • Web-hosting service providers • Customer Service and Help Desk service providers • Cybersecurity service providers • Customer relationship management providers • Federal, State and local law enforcement • Legal personnel (e.g., mediators, arbitrators, attorneys, court personnel, bankruptcy trustees) • Federal, state and local regulators • Marketing providers and marketing service providers • Service providers • Financial institutions H. Sensory or Surveillance Data I. Professional or Employment-Related Information J. Education Information K. Profile Data • Web-analytics providers • Web-hosting service providers CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 • Marketing providers and marketing service providers • Service providers • Cybersecurity service providers • Logistics and planning tool providers • Federal, State and local law enforcement • Legal personnel (e.g., mediators, arbitrators, attorneys, court personnel, bankruptcy trustees) • Financial institutions • Demand Deposit Agreement contractual parties The categories identified as collected in the table above were collected from the following categories of sources: • You directly (actively or passively) • Marketing partners • Marketing service providers • Surveillance service providers • Credit reporting agencies and credit bureaus • Business partners • Mechanics • Service providers • Government entities such as the Department of the Treasury, Department of Defense, and the Department of Motor Vehicles • Financial institutions What We Sell and Right to Opt-Out The Company does not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. The Company sells and has sold personal information to third parties in the preceding 12 months as disclosed in the table below. As a California resident, you have the right to direct Company to stop selling your personal information, and to refrain from doing so in the future, which is called the "Right to Opt-Out." You may exercise your Right to Opt-Out by clicking "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" on our website, https://www.titlemax.com/california-title-loans/, or submit a Verified Consumer Request by completing the form here https://www.titlemax.com/optout/ccpa. (Note: Opting out of selling is both device and browser specific. Opting out on one of our Company websites does not automatically opt you out for all Company websites, nor will you be opted out of our customer portal). Opting out of selling is both device and browser specific. If you want to opt-out with all of your devices and all browsers you use, you will need to revisit this site and submit another request (click the Do Not Sell button again) from each device and with each browser you want to be opted out of. Please note: If you clear your CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 cache (browser history or cookies) and visit our site at a later date, you must submit a new opt-out request in order to keep your opt-out status. In the event you opt out of selling for purposes of the CCPA, but you do not opt out of interest-based advertising more generally, you may receive advertisements tailored to your interests based upon personal information (a) not sold by us; or (b) sold by other sources or companies from which you have not opted out. To learn more about interest-based advertising across sites and additional opt-out choices, you can visit one or more industry opt-out links (e.g., https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN, https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#, and https://youradchoices.com/appchoices). Authorized Agent for Opt-Out: If you use an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of personal information, please note that the Company requires that the authorized agent submit proof in the form of a written authorization from you that they have been authorized to act on your behalf. Under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), some of our sharing activities may be considered a "sale" that you have a right to opt-out of. Below is a list of categories of information (as these categories are defined by the CCPA) we may have "sold": We have sold. What personal information has [Company] sold to third parties over the last 12 months? F.Internet or Other Similar Network Activity: For example, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement G. Geolocation Data: For example, information that can be used to determine a device's physical location Categories of third parties to whom this category of personal information has been sold Third-Party marketing providers Third-Party marketing providers Please note that information sold as disclosed in this section may be re-sold by downstream entities to which it was sold. You have the right to opt-out of this re-selling. You can exercise this right to opt-out of re-selling by clicking on this link, https://www.iabprivacy.com/optout.html and then opting-out of selling on an entity's site. Your Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your personal information collected or maintained by the Company, subject to certain exceptions. You can do this through a VCR. That process is described below in the section, "Submitting a Verified Consumer Request." We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Submitting a Verified Consumer Request You have the right to submit a VCR to know information or for deletion. The request to know can be for any or all of the following about you: (1) Specific pieces of personal information that the Company has; (2) Categories of personal information the Company has collected; (3) Categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; (4) Categories of personal information that the Company sold or disclosed for a business purpose; (5) Categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and (6) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information. Please note that we are not required to provide personal information to you more than twice within a 12-month period. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a VCR to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. You can submit a VCR using the following https://www.titlemax.com/optout/ccpa or by calling (844) 672-7527. Your request will be verified using the webform (https://www.titlemax.com/optout/ccpa). If you call (844) 672-7527 you will be asked to provide the same information requested on the webform for verification purposes. information you provide as described on If you submit a request that is not through one of these designated methods or is deficient in some manner unrelated to verification, we will either treat it as if it had been submitted in accordance with our designated methods or provide you with information on how to submit the request or remedy any deficiencies. Once we receive your VCR, we will send you an acknowledgement within 10 business days which will describe our verification process. We will respond to your request within 45 calendar days, if we are able to verify your identity. Requests for deletion will require a separate confirmation that you want your information deleted.CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 If requests from you are manifestly unfounded or excessive in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request, notifying you of our reason for refusing to act. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the reason for that determination and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Please note that, in responding to your request, we are not permitted to disclose or provide you with your Social Security number, driver's license number or other government-issued identification number, financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification number, an account password, security questions and answers, or unique biometric data generated from measurements or technical analysis of human characteristics. However, we will inform you with sufficient particularity that we have collected the type of information without disclosing the actual data. Using an Authorized Agent to Submit a Request Only you, or a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California that you have authorized to act on your behalf, may make a VCR related to your personal information. You may also make a VCR on behalf of your minor child. If you use an authorized agent, you may provide a power of attorney executed pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465. If you do not submit a power of attorney that meets those provisions, you must provide your authorized agent with signed permission to submit a request on your behalf. You must also verify your identity directly with us, and confirm that you have provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request. If you're an authorized agent making a VCR you need to do the following using the e-mail in the contact section below: (a) e-mail a copy of a power of attorney provided to you by the consumer pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465; or (b) e-mail proof of signed permission along with a copy of your ID and have the consumer directly confirm with us that they provided you permission to submit the request by sending an e-mail. Your Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Privacy Right We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Other California Privacy Rights CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021 California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to RTK@titlemax.com or write us at: Legal Department, 15 Bull Street, Suite 200, Savannah, GA 31401. The Company responds to Do Not Sell Opt-Out requests as disclosed in the section "What We Sell and Right to Opt-Out." Otherwise, the Company does not respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms. Other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your activities over time and across different Web sites when a consumer uses our website or service. Changes to Our Privacy Notice The Company reserves the right to amend this California Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure (the "Notice") at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will post the updated notice on the website and update the Notice's effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact for More Information If you have any questions about this Notice, the ways in which the Company collects and uses your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone: Website: Email: Postal Address: 844-672-7527 https://www.titlemax.com/california-title-loans/ rtk@titlemax.com TMX Finance Family of Companies ATTN: Legal Department 15 Bull Street, Suite 200 Savannah, GA 31401 CA Resident Privacy Notice and Disclosure v.6.1 - Effective: 03.13.2020; Last Revised: 06.07.2021; Last Reviewed: 06.07.2021Google Cloud Whitepaper October 2020 Google Workspace security whitepaper Table of contents Table of contents Introduction Disclaimer Google's security and privacy focused culture Employee background checks Security training for all employees Secure Environment Internal security and privacy events Our dedicated security team Our privacy teams Internal audit and compliance specialists Collaboration with the security research community Operational security Vulnerability management Malware prevention Monitoring Incident management Technology with security at its core State-of-the-art data centers Powering our data centers Environmental impact Custom server hardware and software Hardware tracking and disposal A global network with unique security beneﬁts Encrypting data in transit and at rest Low latency and highly available solution Service availability Supporting compliance requirements Regulatory compliance Independent third-party certiﬁcations and attestations Data usage Our philosophy No advertising in Google Workspace Data access and restrictions Administrative access For customer administrators Law enforcement data requests Third-party suppliers Empowering users and administrators to improve security and compliance Access and Authentication 2-step veriﬁcation and security keys Single sign-on (SAML 2.0) OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect Information Rights Management (IRM) Restricted email delivery App access based on user context Asset Protection Email spam, phishing and malware protection Email spooﬁng prevention Warnings for employees to prevent data loss Hosted S/MIME to provide enhanced security Gmail conﬁdential mode Data Loss Prevention (DLP) for Gmail and Drive Conﬁguring Google Workspace security settings Security and alert management Trusted domains for drive sharing Video meetings safety Endpoint management Reporting analytics Google Workspace audit logs Security reports Insights using BigQuery Data Recovery Restore a recently deleted user Restore a user's Drive or Gmail data Retention and eDiscovery Data Residency Conclusion Introduction Cloud computing has changed the way that companies today do business. O rganizations primarily look to the public cloud to manage their infrastructure, operations, and delivery of services, realizing that providers can invest more in people and processes to deliver secure and compliant infrastructure. As a cloud pioneer, Google fully understands the security implications of the cloud model. That's why we designed our cloud services to deliver better security than many traditional on-premises solutions. We make security a priority to protect our own operations. Our customers run on that same Google infrastructure, so your organization directly beneﬁts from these protections. Security and data protection drive our organizational structure, training priorities and hiring processes. These principles shape our data center operations and technology. They're central to our everyday operations and disaster planning, including how we address threats. They're prioritized in the way we handle customer data. And they're the cornerstone of our account controls, our compliance audits and the certiﬁcations we offer our customers. Our commitments to your business and your data are captured in our Google Cloud Trust Principles and aﬃrm how we protect the privacy of customers whenever they use Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform. This whitepaper outlines Google's approach to security and compliance for Google Workspace, our cloud-based productivity suite. Used by more than ﬁve million organizations worldwide, from large banks and retailers with hundreds of thousands of people to fast-growing startups, Google Workspace and Google Workspace for Education include the collaboration and productivity tools found here . Google Workspace and Google Workspace for Education are designed to help teams work together securely in new, more eﬃcient ways, no matter where members are located or what device they use. For instance, Gmail scans over 300 billion attachments for malware every week and prevents more than 99.9% of spam, phishing, and malware from reaching users. We're committed to protecting against security threats of all kinds, innovating new security tools for users and admins, and providing our customers with a secure cloud service. Note: We are bringing Google Workspace to our nonproﬁt customers in the coming months. G Suite for Nonproﬁts will continue to be available to eligible organizations through the Google for Nonproﬁts program. Unless indicated otherwise, the context of this document includes Google Workspace and Google Workspace for Education. Disclaimer The content contained herein is correct as of October 2020, and represents the status quo as of the time it was written. Google Cloud's security policies and systems may change going forward, as we continually improve protection for our customers. 1 As of April 2020.Google's security and privacy focused culture Google has created a vibrant and inclusive security and privacy focused culture for all employees. The inﬂuence of this culture is apparent during the hiring process, employee onboarding, as part of ongoing training and in company-wide events to raise awareness. Employee background checks Before someone joins our staff, Google veriﬁes their education and previous employment, and performs internal and external reference checks. Where local labor law or statutory regulations permit, Google may also conduct identity, criminal, and credit checks and conﬁrm immigration status, depending on the position. Security training for all employees All Google employees undergo security training as part of the orientation process, and throughout their Google careers. During orientation, new employees also agree to our Code of Conduct , which highlights our commitment to keeping customer information safe and secure. Depending on their role, employees participate in additional training on speciﬁc aspects of security. For example, the information security team instructs new engineers on topics like secure coding practices, product design and automated vulnerability testing tools. Engineers also attend technical presentations on security-related topics and receive a security newsletter that covers new threats, attack patterns, mitigation techniques and more. Secure Environment Google's zero-trust approach enforces critical access controls based on information about a device, its state, its associated user, and their context. This approach considers both internal and external networks to be inherently untrusted, which creates our concept of borderless compliance where we dynamically assert and enforce levels of access at the application layer. This enables Google's security and compliance teams to be as secure and effective during an emergency as they would be at any other time. As COVID-19 has not only changed the way we work, but where we work from, creating the need for new solutions that nonetheless continue to meet industry compliance requirements. By leveraging zero trust you can offer your employees and extended workforce a secure and scalable solution for telework that is not dependent on VPN or location requirements. Internal security and privacy events Security and privacy is an ever-evolving area, and Google recognizes that dedicated employee engagement is a key means of raising awareness. It's with this in mind that Google hosts regular internal conferences, open to all employees, to raise awareness and drive innovation in security and data privacy, and hosts regular "Tech Talks" that often focus on security and privacy topics. A prime example is "Privacy Week," during which Google hosts events across our global oﬃces to raise awareness of all facets of privacy, from software development and data handling, to policy enforcement. Our dedicated security team Google employs a dedicated team of full-time security and privacy professionals as part of our software engineering and operations division. This team includes some of the world's foremost experts in information, application and network security. Tasked with maintaining our defense systems, developing security review processes, building security infrastructure and implementing the company's security policies, the team actively scans for security threats using commercial and custom tools, penetration tests, quality assurance (QA) measures and software security reviews. Within Google, members of the information security team provide a range of critical services. They review security plans for all networks, systems and services; provide project-speciﬁc consulting services to Google's product and engineering teams; monitor for suspicious activity on Google's networks; address information security threats; perform routine security evaluations and audits; and engage outside experts to conduct regular security assessments. On top of that, Google speciﬁcally built a full-time team, known as Project Zero , that aims to prevent targeted attacks by reporting bugs to software vendors and ﬁling them in an external database. It doesn't end there. The security team also takes part in research and outreach activities to protect the wider community of Internet users, beyond just those who choose Google solutions. In addition, the security team publishes security research papers, which are made publicly available , as well as organizes and participates in open-source projects and academic conferences. Our privacy teams Google's Privacy teams are an integral part of Google product launches. Privacy has built a set of automated monitoring tools to help ensure that services that process your personal information operate as designed and in accordance with our data protection commitments. Design documentation and code audits are also reviewed to ensure that privacy requirements are followed.Cross-functional teams help release products that reﬂect strong privacy standards, including: transparent collection of user data, and providing users and administrators with meaningful privacy conﬁguration options, while continuing to be good stewards of any information stored on our platform. After products launch, Google's compliance and privacy programs oversee automated processes that audit data traﬃc to verify appropriate data usage. Google also conducts research providing thought leadership on privacy best practices for our emerging technologies. Internal audit and compliance specialists Data protection regulations place signiﬁcant emphasis on enterprises knowing how their data is being processed, who has access to data, and how security incidents will be managed. We have dedicated teams of engineers and compliance experts who support our customers in navigating their regulatory compliance and risk management obligations. Our approach includes collaborating with customers to understand and address their speciﬁc regulatory needs. As new auditing standards are created, the team determines what controls, processes and systems are needed to meet them, while facilitating and supporting independent audits and assessments by third parties. Under certain circumstances we also allow customers to conduct audits to validate Google's security and compliance controls. Collaboration with the security research community Google has long enjoyed a close relationship with the security research community, and we greatly value their help identifying vulnerabilities in Google Workspace and other Google products. Our Vulnerability Reward Program was developed to honor all the external contributions that help us keep our users safe. The Program encourages researchers to report design and implementation issues that affect the conﬁdentiality or integrity of user data or puts customer data at risk. Rewards can reach tens of thousands of dollars. Due to our collaboration with the research community, in 2019 we paid out over $6.5 million in rewards, doubling what we've ever paid in a single year. We publicly thanked these individuals and listed them as contributors to our products and services. Operational security Security at Google isn't an afterthought or subject of occasional initiatives, it is an integral part of our operations. Vulnerability management Google's vulnerability management process actively scans for security threats using a combination of commercially available and purpose-built in-house tools, intensive automated and manual penetration efforts, quality assurance processes, software security reviews, and external audits. Once a vulnerability requiring remediation has been identiﬁed, the vulnerability team logs it, prioritizes it according to severity, and assigns it to an owner. The team tracks each issue and follows up frequently until they can verify that it has been remediated. Google also maintains relationships and communicates frequently with members of the security research community to track reported issues in Google services and open-source tools. More information about reporting security issues can be found at Google Application Security . Malware prevention An effective malware attack can lead to account compromise, data theft, and possibly additional access to a network. Google takes these threats to its networks and its customers very seriously and uses a variety of methods to prevent, detect and eradicate malware. Malware sites or email attachments install malicious software on users' machines to steal private information, perform identity theft, or attack other computers. When people visit these sites, software that takes over their computer is downloaded without their knowledge. Google's malware strategy begins with infection prevention by using manual and automated scanners to scour Google's search index for websites that may be vehicles for malware or phishing. In addition, one of our key protections is our attachment malware scanner that processes more than 300 billion attachments each week to block harmful content. 63% percent of the malicious documents we block differ from day to day. To stay ahead of this constantly evolving threat, we recently added a new generation of document scanners that rely on deep learning to improve our detection capabilities. More than four billion devices are protected by Google's Safe Browsing technology every day. Every day Safe Browsing discovers thousands of new unsafe sites, many of which are legitimate websites that have been compromised. When we detect unsafe sites, we show warnings on Google Search and in web browsers. In addition to our Safe Browsing solution, Google operates VirusTotal , an online service that analyzes ﬁles and URLs enabling the identiﬁcation of viruses, worms, trojans and other kinds of malicious content detected by antivirus engines and website scanners.Its mission is to help in improving the antivirus and security industry and make the Internet a safer place through the development of free tools and services. Google makes use of multiple antivirus engines in Gmail, Drive, servers and workstations to help identify malware that may be missed by antivirus signatures. Monitoring Google's security monitoring program is focused on information gathered from internal network traﬃc, employee actions on systems, and outside knowledge of vulnerabilities. Internal traﬃc is inspected for suspicious behavior, such as the presence of traﬃc that might indicate botnet connections, at many points across our global network, using a combination of open-source and commercial tools for traﬃc capture and parsing. We supplement this network analysis even further through a proprietary correlation system built on Google technology, and by examining system logs to identify unusual behavior, like attempted access of customer data. Google security engineers place standing search alerts on public data repositories to look for security incidents that might affect the company's infrastructure, and actively review inbound security reports and monitor public mailing lists, blog posts, and wikis. Automated network analysis helps determine potential unknown threats and escalates them to Google security staff, a process that is supplemented by automated analysis of system logs. Incident management Incident response is a key aspect of Google's overall security and privacy program. We have a rigorous process for managing data incidents. This process speciﬁes actions, escalations, mitigation, resolution, and notiﬁcation of any potential incidents impacting the conﬁdentiality, integrity, or availability of customer data. Google's incident response program is managed by teams of expert incident responders across many specialized functions to ensure each response is well-tailored to the challenges presented by each incident. Subject-matter experts from these teams are engaged in a variety of ways. For example, incident commanders assess the nature of the incident and coordinate incident response, which includes completing the triage assessment of the incident, adjusting its severity if required, and activating the required incident response team with appropriate operational/technical leads who review the facts and identify key areas that require investigation. As part of the resolution process, the digital forensics team detects ongoing attacks and performs forensic investigations. Product engineers work to limit the impact on customers and provide solutions to ﬁx the affected product(s). The legal team works with members of the appropriate security and privacy team to implement Google's strategy on evidence collection, engages with law enforcement and government regulators, and advises on legal issues and requirements. Support personnel manage notiﬁcations to customers and respond to customer inquiries and requests for additional information and assistance. Following the successful remediation and resolution of a data incident, the incident response team evaluates the lessons learned from the incident. When the incident raises critical issues, the incident commander may initiate a post-mortem analysis. During this process, the incident response team reviews the cause(s) of the incident and Google's response and identiﬁes key areas for improvement. In some cases, this may require discussions with different product, engineering, and operations teams and product enhancement work. If follow-up work is required, the incident response team develops an action plan to complete that work and assigns project managers to spearhead the long-term effort. The incident is closed after the remediation efforts conclude. Technology with security at its core As an innovator in hardware, software, network and system management technologies, Google used the principle "defense in depth" to create an IT infrastructure that is more secure and easier to manage than more traditional technologies. We custom-designed our servers, proprietary operating system and geographically distributed data centers to ensure that Google Workspace runs on a technology platform that is conceived, designed and built to operate securely. State-of-the-a  data centers Google's focus on security and protecting data is among our primary design criteria . Our data center physical security features a layered security model, including safeguards like custom-designed electronic access cards, alarms, vehicle access barriers, perimeter fencing, metal detectors, and biometrics, in addition to data center ﬂoors that feature laser beam intrusion detection. Our data centers are monitored 24/7 by high-resolution interior and exterior cameras that can detect and track intruders, with access logs, activity records, and camera footage available in case an incident occurs.Data centers are also routinely patrolled by experienced security guards who have undergone rigorous background checks and training. The closer you get to the data center ﬂoor, the tighter these security measures become. In fact, less than one percent of Google employees will ever set foot in one of our data centers. Those that do have speciﬁc roles have been pre-approved and access the ﬂoor in the only way possible: through a security corridor that implements multi-factor access control using security badges and biometrics. Powering our data centers To keep things running 24/7 and ensure uninterrupted services, Google's data centers feature redundant power systems and environmental controls. Cooling systems maintain a constant operating temperature for servers and other hardware, reducing the risk of service outages. In case of an incident, every critical component has a primary power source and an equally powerful alternate. Our diesel engine backup generators can provide enough emergency electrical power to run each data center at full capacity. Fire detection and suppression equipment-including heat, ﬁre, and smoke detectors-triggers audible and visible alarms in the affected zone, at security operations consoles, and at remote monitoring desks, helping to prevent hardware damage. Environmental impact Google cares deeply about minimizing the environmental impact of our data centers, to the point that we design and build our own facilities using the latest "green" technology. We install smart temperature controls, utilize "free-cooling" techniques like using outside air or reused water for cooling, and redesign how power is distributed to reduce unnecessary energy loss. We constantly gauge how we're doing by calculating the performance of each facility using comprehensive eﬃciency measurements. We're proud to be the ﬁrst major Internet services company to gain external certiﬁcation of our high environmental, workplace safety, and energy management standards throughout our data centers. Speciﬁcally, we achieved voluntary ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 50001 certiﬁcations, which are all built around a very simple concept: Say what you're going to do, then do what you say-and then keep improving. Custom server hardware and so ware Google's data centers house energy-eﬃcient custom, purpose-built servers and network equipment that we design and manufacture ourselves. Our production servers also run a custom-designed operating system (OS) based on a stripped-down and hardened version of Linux. In other words, Google's servers and their OS are designed for the sole purpose of providing Google services, which means that, unlike much commercially available hardware, Google servers don't include unnecessary components such as video cards, chipsets, or peripheral connectors, that can introduce vulnerabilities. Google server resources are dynamically allocated, allowing for ﬂexibility in growth and the ability to adapt quickly and eﬃciently, adding or reallocating resources based on customer demand. This homogeneous environment is maintained by proprietary software that continually monitors systems for binary modiﬁcations. If a modiﬁcation is found that differs from the standard Google image, the system is automatically returned to its oﬃcial state. These automated, self-healing mechanisms enable Google to monitor and remediate destabilizing events, receive notiﬁcations about incidents, and slow down potential network compromises before they become critical issues. Hardware tracking and disposal Google uses barcodes and asset tags to meticulously track the location and status of all equipment within our data centers from acquisition and installation, to retirement and destruction. We have also implemented metal detectors and video surveillance to help make sure no equipment leaves the data center ﬂoor without authorization. During its lifecycle in the data center, if a component fails to pass a performance test at any point, it is removed from inventory and retired. Each data center adheres to a strict disposal policy and any variances are immediately addressed. When a hard drive is retired, authorized individuals verify that the disk is erased, writing zeros to the drive and performing a multiple-step veriﬁcation process to ensure it contains no data. If the drive cannot be erased for any reason, it is stored securely until it can be physically destroyed. This physical destruction is a multistage process beginning with a crusher that deforms the drive, followed by a shredder that breaks the drive into small pieces, which are then recycled at a secure facility. A global network with unique security bene ts Google's IP data network consists of our own ﬁber, public ﬁber, and undersea cables, enabling us to deliver highly available and low latency services across the globe.With other cloud services and on-premises solutions, customer data must make several journeys between devices, known as "hops," across the public Internet. The number of hops depends on the distance between the customer's ISP and the solution's data center, and each additional hop introduces a new opportunity for data to be attacked or intercepted. Because it's linked to most ISPs in the world, Google's global network can limit the number of hops across the public Internet, improving the security of data in transit. Defense in depth describes the multiple layers of defense that protect Google's network from external attacks. It starts with industry-standard ﬁrewalls and access control lists (ACLs) to enforce network segregation, and all traﬃc being routed through custom Google Front End (GFE) servers to detect and stop malicious requests and Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks. Additionally, GFE servers are only allowed to communicate with a controlled list of servers internally, a "default deny" conﬁguration that prevents GFE servers from accessing unintended resources. Finally, logs are routinely examined to reveal any exploitation of programming errors, and access to networked devices is restricted to authorized personnel. The bottom line? Only authorized services and protocols that meet our security requirements are allowed to traverse our network, anything else is automatically dropped. Encrypting data in transit and at rest Encryption is an important piece of the Google Workspace security strategy, helping to protect your emails, chats, video meetings, ﬁles, and other data. First, we encrypt certain data as described below while it is stored "at rest"-stored on a disk (including solid-state drives) or backup media. Even if an attacker or someone with physical access obtains the storage equipment containing your data, they won't be able to read it because they don't have the necessary encryption keys. Second, we encrypt all customer data while it is "in transit"-traveling over the Internet and across the Google network between data centers. Should an attacker intercept such transmissions, they will only be able to capture encrypted data. We'll take a detailed look at how we encrypt data stored at rest and data in transit below. Google has led the industry in using Transport Layer Security (TLS) for email routing, which allows Google and non-Google servers to communicate in an encrypted manner. When you send email from Google to a non-Google server that supports TLS, the traﬃc will be encrypted, preventing passive eavesdropping. We believe increased adoption of TLS is so important for the industry that we report TLS progress in our Email Encryption Transparency Report . We also improved email security in transit by developing and supporting the MTA-STS standard allowing receiving domains to require transport conﬁdentiality and integrity protection for emails. Google Workspace customers also have the extra ability to only permit email to be transmitted to speciﬁc domains and email addresses if those domains and addresses are covered by TLS. This can be managed through the TLS compliance setting . For further information on encryption, please see our Google Workspace Encryption whitepaper . Low latency and highly available solution Google designs all the components of our platform to be highly redundant, from our server design and how we store data, to network and Internet connectivity, and even the software services themselves. This "redundancy of everything" includes error handling by design and creates a solution that is not dependent on a single server, data center, or network connection. Google's data centers are geographically distributed to minimize the effects of regional disruptions such as natural disasters and local outages. In the event of hardware, software, or network failure, data is automatically shifted from one facility to another so that, in most cases, Google Workspace customers can continue working without interruption. This also means customers with global workforces can collaborate on documents, video conferencing and more without additional conﬁguration or expense, sharing a highly performant and low latency experience as they work together on a single global network. Google's highly redundant infrastructure also helps protect our customers from data loss. For Google Workspace, our recovery point objective (RPO) target is zero, and our recovery time objective (RTO) design target is also zero. We aim to achieve these targets through live or synchronous replication: actions you take in Google Workspace products are simultaneously replicated in two data centers at once, so that if one data center fails, we transfer your data over to the other one that's also been reﬂecting your actions. To do this eﬃciently and securely, customer data is divided into digital pieces with random ﬁle names.Neither the content nor the ﬁle names of these pieces are stored in readily human-readable format, and stored customer data cannot be traced to a particular customer or application just by inspecting it in storage. Each piece is then replicated in near-real time over multiple disks, multiple servers, and multiple data centers to avoid a single point of failure. To further prepare for the worst, we conduct disaster recovery drills that assume individual data centers-including our corporate headquarters-won't be available for 30 days. Service availability Some of Google's services may not be available in some jurisdictions currently or temporarily. Google's Transparency Report shows recent and ongoing disruptions of traﬃc to Google products. Our code allows us to observe worldwide traﬃc patterns over time, enabling us to detect signiﬁcant changes. We also look into our graphs when we receive inquiries from journalists, activists, or other people on the ground . We provide this data to help the public analyze and understand the availability of online information. Suppo ing compliance requirements Google is committed to providing secure products and services that meet your compliance and reporting needs. We share extensive information on best practices and provide easy access to our compliance documentation. Google Cloud's industry-leading security, third-party audits and certiﬁcations, documentation, and legal commitments help support your compliance. Our products regularly undergo independent veriﬁcation of their security, privacy, and compliance controls, achieving certiﬁcations, attestations of compliance, or audit reports against standards around the world. As a part of the independent veriﬁcation process, third-party auditors examine our end-to-end security practices, including data centers, infrastructure, and operations, at a regular cadence. We've also created resource documents and mappings against frameworks and laws where formal certiﬁcations or attestations may not be required or applied. Our Compliance resource center contains details on our compliance documentation and resources. We're constantly working to expand our compliance coverage. Google evaluates the available guidance from leading standards and regulatory bodies and adjusts our security and privacy programs as the compliance landscape changes. We carefully curate programs by region and industry to ensure customers are able to leverage our compliance resources to make informed decisions for their business. When you consider Google Workspace, our compliance offerings can help to conﬁrm whether the product suite meets your security and compliance needs. Regulatory compliance Our customers operate across regulated industries, including ﬁnance , government , healthcare and education . Google Cloud provides products and services in a way that enables our customers to be compliant with numerous industry-speciﬁc requirements. More information is available here . Independent third-pa y ce i cations and a estations Our customers and regulators expect independent veriﬁcation of security, privacy, and compliance controls. Google undergoes several independent third-party audits on a regular basis to provide this assurance. Some of the key international standards we are audited against are: ● ISO/IEC 27001 (Information Security Management) ● ISO/IEC 27017 (Cloud Security) ● ISO/IEC 27018 (Cloud Privacy) ● ISO/IEC 27701 (Privacy) ● SOC 2 and SOC 3 reports Google also participates in sector and country-speciﬁc frameworks, such as FedRAMP (US government), BSI C5 (Germany), MTCS (Singapore), and many others. We also provide resource documents and mappings for certain frameworks where formal certiﬁcations or attestations may not be required or applied. For a complete listing of our compliance offerings, please visit the Compliance resource center. Data usage Our philosophy Google Workspace customers own their customer data, not Google. Customer data that Google Workspace organizations put into our systems is theirs, and we do not scan it for advertisements. We offer our customers a detailed Data Processing Amendment that describes our commitment to protecting customer data. Furthermore, if customers delete their data, we commit to deleting it from our systems within 180 days. Finally, we provide tools that make it easy for customer administrators to take their data with them if they choose to stop using our services, without penalty or additional cost imposed by Google. No adve ising in Google Workspace There is no advertising in the Google Workspace Core Services, and we have no plans to change this in the future. Google does not collect, scan or use data in Google Workspace Core Services for advertising purposes. Customer administrators can restrict access to Non-Core Services from the Google Workspace Admin console.Google indexes customer data to provide beneﬁcial services, such as spam ﬁltering, virus detection, spellcheck and the ability to search for emails and ﬁles within an individual account. Data access and restrictions Administrative access We've designed our systems to limit the number of employees that have access to customer data and to actively monitor the activities of those employees. Google employees are only granted a limited set of default permissions to access company resources. Access to internal support tools is controlled via access control lists (ACLs). Google follows a formal process to grant or revoke employee access to Google resources, and access is automatically removed for departing employees. Access authorization is enforced at all relevant layers of the system. Approvals are managed by workﬂow tools and logged. An employee's authorization settings are used to control access to all resources, including data and systems for Google Workspace products. Access is monitored by our dedicated security teams as a check on the effectiveness of our controls. The security teams actively monitor access patterns and investigate unusual events. Furthermore, as part of Google's long-term commitment to transparency and user trust, we provide Access Transparency . This is a feature that enables customers to review logs of actions taken by Google staff when accessing your speciﬁc customer data. For services integrated with Access Transparency, Google uses a tool to validate that the business justiﬁcation presented for access is valid, and log the justiﬁcation to Access Transparency Logs. For further information, please refer to the Trusting you data with Google Workspace whitepaper . For customer administrators Customers can control access to data and services on Google Workspace to help ensure that data is protected in accordance with the organization's desired conﬁguration. Role-based access controls enable customers to appoint users as administrators, granting the user the ability to access and perform certain tasks in the Google Workspace Admin console. You can make a user a super administrator who can perform all tasks in the Admin console. Or you can assign a role that limits which tasks the administrator can perform, for example, by allowing them only to create groups, manage service settings, or reset a user's password. Law enforcement data requests The customer, as the data owner, is primarily responsible for responding to law enforcement data requests and it is Google's policy to direct the government to request such data directly from the customer. However, like other technology and communications companies, Google may receive direct requests from governments and courts around the world about how a person has used the company's services. We take measures to protect customers' privacy and limit excessive requests while also 2 Access Transparency is only available with Google Workspace Enterprise and Google Workspace for Education Plus. meeting our legal obligations. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google remains our priority as we comply with these legal requests. Detailed information about data requests and Google's response to them is available in our Transparency Report . Further information is also available in the Trusting you data with Google Workspace whitepaper . Third-pa y suppliers Google directly conducts virtually all data processing activities to provide our services. However, Google may engage some third-party suppliers to provide services related to Google Workspace, including customer and technical support. Prior to onboarding third-party suppliers, Google conducts an assessment of the security and privacy practices of third-party suppliers to ensure they provide a level of security and privacy appropriate to their access to data and the scope of the services they are engaged to provide. Once Google has assessed the risks presented by the third-party supplier, the supplier is required to enter into appropriate security, conﬁdentiality, and privacy contract terms. Empowering users and administrators to improve security and compliance Google builds security into its structure, technology, operations and approach to customer data. Our robust security infrastructure and systems become the default for each and every Google Workspace customer. Beyond these levels, users are actively empowered to enhance and customize their individual security settings to meet their business needs through dashboards and account security wizards. Google Workspace also offers administrators full control to conﬁgure infrastructure, applications, and system integrations in a single dashboard via our Admin Console-regardless of the size of the organization-simplifying administration and conﬁguration. Consider the deployment of DKIM (a phishing prevention feature) in an on-premise email system.Traditionally, administrators would need to patch and conﬁgure every server separately, with any misconﬁguration causing a service outage. Using our Admin Console, however, DKIM can be conﬁgured in minutes across thousands, or hundreds of thousands, of accounts with peace of mind and no outage or maintenance window required. That's just one example. Administrators have many powerful tools at their disposal, including authentication features like 2-step veriﬁcation and single sign-on, and email security policies like secure transport (TLS) enforcement, which can be conﬁgured to meet the security and system integration requirements of any organization. Access and Authentication 2-step veri cation and security keys Customers can strengthen account security by using 2-step veriﬁcation and security keys . These can help mitigate risks such as the misconﬁguration of employee access controls or attackers taking advantage of compromised accounts. With the Advanced Protection Program for enterprise, we can enforce a curated set of strong account security policies for enrolled users. These include requiring security keys, blocking access to untrusted apps, and enhanced scanning for email threats. Single sign-on (SAML 2.0) Google Workspace offers customers a single sign-on (SSO) service that lets users access multiple services using the same sign-in page and authentication credentials. It is based on SAML 2.0, an XML standard that allows secure web domains to exchange user authentication and authorization data. For additional security, SSO accepts public keys and certiﬁcates generated with either the RSA or DSA algorithm. Customer organizations can use the SSO service to integrate single sign-on for Google Workspace into their LDAP or other SSO system. OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect Google Workspace supports OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect , an open protocol for authentication and authorization that allows customers to conﬁgure one single sign-on service (SSO) for multiple cloud solutions. Users can log on to third-party applications through Google Workspace-and vice versa-without re-entering their credentials or sharing sensitive password information. Information Rights Management (IRM) Most organizations also have internal policies which dictate the handling of sensitive data . To help Google Workspace administrators maintain control over sensitive data, we offer information rights management in Google Drive. Administrators and users can use the access permissions in Google Drive to protect sensitive content by preventing the re-sharing, downloading, printing or copying of the ﬁle or changing of the permissions. Restricted email delivery By default, users with Gmail accounts at your domain can send mail to and receive mail from any email address. In some cases, administrators may want to restrict the email addresses users can exchange mail with. For example, a school might want to allow its students to exchange mail with the faculty and other students, but not with people outside the school. Using the restrict delivery setting allows administrators to specify the addresses and domains where users can send or receive email messages. When administrators add a restrict delivery setting, users 3 Further information about deploying 2-step veriﬁcation can be found on our support page . 4 See security best practices guidance on our security checklists page . can only communicate with authorized parties. Users who attempt to send mail to a domain not listed will see a message that speciﬁes the policy prohibiting mail to that address, and conﬁrms that the mail is unsent. Likewise, users receive only authenticated messages from listed domains. Messages sent from unlisted domains-or messages from listed domains that can't be veriﬁed using DKIM or SPF records-are returned to the sender with a message about the policy. App access based on user context To facilitate easier user access, while at the same time protecting the security of data, Google has developed context-aware access . This provides granular controls for Google Workspace apps, based on a user's identity and context of the request (such as device security status or IP address). Based on the BeyondCorp security model developed by Google, users can access web applications and infrastructure resources from virtually any device, anywhere, without utilising remote-access VPN gateways while administrators can establish controls over the device. You can also still set access policies, such as 2-Step Veriﬁcation, for all members of an organizational unit or group. 5 Integrated with Cloud Identity. Using context-aware access capabilities to protect access to Google Workspace apps requires a Cloud Identity Premium or Google Workspace Enterprise license. Asset Protection Email spam, phishing and malware protection Gmail protects your incoming mail against spam, phishing attempts, and malware.Our existing machine learning models are highly effective at doing this, and in conjunction with our other protections, they help block more than 99.9% of threats from reaching Gmail inboxes. One of our key protections is our malware scanner that processes more than 300 billion attachments each week to block harmful content. 63% percent of the malicious documents we block differ from day to day. In addition, Gmail can scan or run attachments in a virtual environment called Security Sandbox . Attachments identiﬁed as threats can be placed in users' Spam folders or quarantined. We're continuing to improve spam detection accuracy with early phishing detection , a dedicated machine learning model that selectively delays messages (less than 0.05 percent of messages on average) to perform rigorous phishing analysis and further protect user data from compromise. Our detection models integrate with Google Safe Browsing m a c h i n e l e a r n i n g technologies for ﬁnding and ﬂagging phishy and suspicious URLs. These new models combine a variety of techniques, such as reputation and similarity analysis on URLs, allowing us to generate new URL click-time warnings for phishing and malware links. As we ﬁnd new patterns, our models get better with time, and adapt more quickly than manual systems ever could. Email spoo ng prevention Spammers can sometimes forge the "From" address on an email message so that it appears to come from a reputable organization's domain. To help prevent this email spooﬁng, Google participates in the DMARC program, which lets domain owners tell email providers how to handle unauthenticated messages from their domain. Google Workspace customers can implement DMARC by creating a DMARC record within their admin settings and implementing an SPF record and DKIM keys on all outbound mail streams. Warnings for employees to prevent data loss When employees are empowered to make the right decisions to protect data, it can improve an enterprise's security posture. To help with this, Gmail displays unintended external reply warnings to users to help prevent data loss. If you try to respond to someone outside of your company domain, you'll receive a quick warning to make sure you intended to send that email. And because Gmail has c ontextual intelligence, it knows if the recipient is an existing contact or someone you interact with regularly, to avoid displaying warnings unnecessarily. 6 As of February 2020. 7 As of February 2020. Hosted S/MIME to provide enhanced security With Google's hosted S/MIME solution, once an incoming encrypted email with S/MIME is received, it is stored using Google's encryption . This means that all normal processing of the email can happen, including extensive protections for spam, phishing and malware, as well as admin services (such as vault retention, auditing and email routing rules) and high-value end user features such as mail categorization, advanced search and Smart Reply . For the vast majority of emails, this is the safest solution, giving the beneﬁt of strong authentication and encryption in transit without losing the safety and features of Google's processing. Gmail con dential mode Gmail users can help protect sensitive information from unauthorized access using Gmail conﬁdential mode. Recipients of messages in conﬁdential mode don't have the option to forward, copy, print, or download messages, including attachments. Users can set a message expiration date, revoke message access at any time, and require an SMS veriﬁcation code to access messages. Data Loss Prevention (DLP) for Gmail and Drive Data loss prevention (DLP) adds another layer of protection designed to prevent sensitive or private information such as payment card numbers, national identiﬁcation numbers, or protected health information, from leaking outside of an organization. DLP enables customers to audit how sensitive data is ﬂowing in their enterprise or turn on warning or blocking actions, to prevent users from sending conﬁdential data . To enable this, DLP provides predeﬁned content detectors, including detection of global and regional identiﬁers, medical information and credentials. Customers can also deﬁne their own custom detectors to meet their enterprise needs. For attachments and image-based documents, DLP uses Google's optical character recognition to increase detection coverage and quality. Learn more here about Gmail DLP . DLP can also be used to prevent users from sharing sensitive content in Google Drive or shared drive with people outside of your organization. In addition, customers can automate IRM controls and classiﬁcation of Drive ﬁles advanced DLP rules. 8 Available to Google Workspace Enterprise and paid editions of Google Workspace for Education customers only.Con guring Google Workspace security se ings Security and ale  management With multiple security and privacy controls in place, organizations need a centralized location where they can prevent, detect, and remediate threats . The Google Workspace security center provides advanced security information and analytics, and added visibility and control into security issues affecting your domain. It brings together security analytics, actionable insights and best practice recommendations from Google to empower you to protect your organization, data and users. As an administrator, you can use the security dashboard to see an overview of different security center reports . The security health page provides visibility into your Admin console settings to help you better understand and manage security risks. Furthermore, you can use the security investigation tool to identify, triage, and take action on security and privacy issues in your domain. Administrators can automate actions in the investigation tool by creating activity rules to detect and remediate such issues more quickly and eﬃciently. For example, you can set up a rule to send email notiﬁcations to certain administrators if Drive documents are shared outside the company. The alert center for Google Workspace provides all Google Workspace customers with alerts and actionable security insights about activity in your domain to help protect your organization from the latest security threats, including phishing, malware, suspicious account, and suspicious device activity. You can also use the alert center API to export alerts into your existing ticketing or SIEM platforms. Trusted domains for drive sharing Administrators can control how users in their organization share Google Drive ﬁles and folders. For example, whether users can share ﬁles with people outside of their organization or whether sharing is restricted to only trusted domains. Optional alerts can be established to remind users to check that ﬁles aren't conﬁdential before they are shared outside of the organization. Video meetings safety Google Meet takes advantage of the same secure-by-design infrastructure, built-in protection, and global network that Google uses to secure your information and safeguard your privacy. Our array of default-on anti-abuse measures that include anti-hijacking measures for both web meetings and telephony dial-ins, keep your meetings safe. 9 Included with Google Workspace Enterprise edition and Google Workspace for Education Standard and Google Workspace for Education Plus. 10 You must be an administrator with a Google Workspace Enterprise, Google Workspace for Education Standard, Google Workspace for Education Plus, Drive Enterprise, or Cloud Identity Premium Edition license to access the security center. With Drive Enterprise or Cloud Identity Premium Edition, you receive a subset of security center reports on the security dashboard. 11 Certain features, such as restricting sharing to only whitelisted domains, are only available with Google Workspace Enterprise, Google Workspace for Education Plus , Drive Enterprise, Business, and Nonproﬁts edition. For users on Chrome, Firefox, Safari and new Edge we don't require or ask for any plugins or software to be installed, Meet works entirely in the browser . This limits the attack surface for Meet and the need to push out frequent security patches on end-user machines. On mobile, we recommend that you install the Google Meet app from Apple App Store or the Google Play Store. We support multiple 2 Step Veriﬁcation (2SV) options for Meet that are both secure and convenient - hardware and phone-based security keys, as well as Google prompt. Meet users can enroll their account in Google's Advanced Protection Program (APP). APP provides our strongest protections available against phishing and account hijacking and is speciﬁcally designed for the highest-risk accounts, and we've yet to see people successfully phished if they participate in APP, even if they are repeatedly targeted. For more information, check out this page . Endpoint management The protection of information on mobile and desktop devices can be a key concern for customers. Google Workspace customers can use endpoint management to help protect corporate data on users' personal devices and on an organization's company-owned devices. By enrolling the devices for management, users get secure access to Google Workspace services and organizations can set policies to keep devices and data safe through device encryption and screen lock or password enforcement. Furthermore, if a device is lost or stolen, corporate accounts can be remotely wiped from mobile devices and users can be remotely signed out from desktop devices. IT admins can also manage and conﬁgure Windows 10 devices through the Admin console, and users can use existing Google Workspace account credentials to login to Windows 10 devices and access apps and services with single sign-on (SSO).Reports enable customers to monitor policy compliance and get information about users and devices. You can obtain further information on endpoint management here . Repo ing analytics Google Workspace audit logs Enterprises storing data in the Cloud seek visibility into data access and account activity. Google Workspace audit logs help security teams maintain audit trails in Google Workspace and view detailed information about Admin activity, data access, and system events. Google Workspace admins can use the Admin Console to access these logs and can customize and export logs as required. Security reports Google Workspace administrators have access to security reports that provide vital information on their organization's exposure to data compromise. They can quickly discover which particular users pose security risks by not taking advantage of 2-step veriﬁcation, installing external apps, or sharing documents indiscriminately. Administrators can also choose to receive alerts when suspicious login activity occurs, indicating a possible security threat. 12 Included as standard with Google Workspace. Insights using BigQuery Google Workspace admins can export audit logs and other information to BigQuery . With BigQuery , Google's enterprise data warehouse for large-scale data analytics, customers can analyze Google Workspace logs using sophisticated, high-performing custom queries, and leverage third-party tools for deeper analysis. Data Recovery Restore a recently deleted user An administrator can restore a deleted user account for up to twenty days after the date of deletion. After twenty days, the Admin console permanently deletes the user account, and it can't be restored, even if you contact Google technical support. Please note that only customer administrators can delete accounts. Restore a user's Drive or Gmail data An administrator can restore a user's Drive or Gmail data for up to 25 days after the data is removed from the user's trash, subject to any retention policies set in Vault. After 25 days, the data cannot be restored, even if you contact technical support. Google will delete all customer-deleted data from its systems as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days. Retention and eDiscovery An administrator can turn on Google Vault to retain, hold, search, and export data in support of your organization's retention and eDiscovery needs. Vault supports such data as Gmail messages, ﬁles in Google Drive, and recordings in Google Meet, among others. Data Residency As an administrator, you can choose to store your covered data in a speciﬁc geographic location (the United States or Europe) by using a data region policy . Data region policies cover the primary data-at-rest (including backups) for these Google Workspace Core Services. Covered data includes Drive ﬁle content, Google Chat messages and attachments, Gmail mail subjects and messages, as well as othe r Core Services data . Conclusion The protection of your data is a primary design consideration for all of Google's infrastructure, products and personnel operations. We believe that Google can offer a level of protection that very few public cloud providers or private enterprise IT teams can match. Google designed Google Workspace to meet stringent privacy and security standards based on industry best practices. Google has strong contractual commitments regarding data ownership, data use, security, transparency, and accountability. These commitments ensure you maintain control over your data and how it is processed, including the assurance that your data is not used for advertising or any purpose other than to deliver Google Cloud services. In addition, we give you the tools you need to help meet your compliance and reporting requirements. Furthermore, because protecting data is core to Google Workspace, we can make extensive investments in security, resources and expertise at a scale that others cannot. Our investment frees you to focus on your business and innovation. Google's operations and collaboration with the security research community also enable us to address vulnerabilities quickly or prevent them entirely. For these reasons and more, over six million organizations across the globe trust Google with their most valuable asset: their information. Google will continue to invest in Google Workspace to allow you to beneﬁt from our services in a secure and transparent manner.