Google Log Retention Policy FAQ March 14, 2007 What changes are you making to your logs policies? When users search on Google, we collect information about the search, such as the query itself, IP addresses and cookie information. (More info on this is available here.) We had previously kept the logs data for as long as it was useful. When we implement this policy change, we will continue to keep server log data so that we can improve Google's services and protect them from security and other abuses, but we will anonymize our server logs after 18-24 months, unless legally required to retain the data for longer. What does it mean to anonymize the logs? We will change some of the bits in the IP address in the logs as well as change the cookie information. We're still developing the precise technical methods and approach to this, but we believe these changes will be a significant addition to protecting user privacy. How do these anonymizing measures protect user privacy? Changing the bits of an IP address makes it less likely that the IP address can be associated with a specific computer or user. Cookie anonymization makes it less likely that a cookie can be used to identify a user. Do these changes guarantee anonymization? It is difficult to guarantee complete anonymization, but we believe these changes will make it very unlikely users could be identified. What regulations or laws might require that you keep the data for a longer period? Governments in many countries are considering laws that will require communications service providers to capture and archive telephone and internet traffic data for periods from 6 months to 2 years. These laws have for the most part not yet been enacted. Why are you making these changes to your logs retention policy? We are making this change to respond to feedback that we've received from numerous privacy stakeholders that this policy change will create additional privacy safeguards while enabling us to comply with future data retention requirements. We've come up with what we think is a great solution to data retention that strikes the right balance between our various goals: (1) using logs data to improve Google's services for our users and protect them from security and other abuses; (2) creating additional privacy safeguards by providing more transparency and certainty about our data retention practices; and (3) abiding by data retention requirements. Why did you retain the logs for longer periods? It is standard in the industry to use logs data to analyze usage patterns and diagnose system problems. We will continue to retain logs data for these purposes, but will anonymize the data after 18-24 months, unless we are required to retain the data for longer due to data retention laws. By making this change, we sacrifice some of the data's usefulness, but we believe the additional privacy provided by the change outweighs this. Why does Google maintain logs at all? We use this information to improve the quality of our services and for other business purposes. For example, we use this information for fraud detection and prevention purposes, to identify system problems and to combat denial of service attacks. Are anonymized IP addresses and cookies still useful in improving Google's services? We may lose some data that has analytical and statistical value to us in improving Google's services and preventing abuses, but we believe the value of the additional privacy safeguards that this change will enable is worth it. Log Retention Policy FAQ - p. 1 March 2007 © Google Inc. Why not keep the logs information for an even shorter time period? We are trying to strike the right balance between various goals: (1) using logs data to improve Google's services for our users and protect them from security and other abuses, (2) creating additional privacy safeguards by providing more transparency and certainty about our data retention practices, and (3) abiding by data retention requirements. Which stakeholders have you spoken with? We have discussed logs, data retention and other privacy issues with a variety of stakeholders, including regulators, privacy advocates, consumer protection groups and users around the world. In January 2007, for example, we met with the Norwegian Data Protection Authority, who are among the stakeholders who have raised concerns about logs and data retention. We hope these changes will address some of their concerns. Will governments be able to subpoena server log data after it is anonymized? Will anonymized data still be able to identify an individual user by cookie or IP address? Google does comply with valid legal process, such as search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas seeking personal information. Logs anonymization does not guarantee that the government will not be able to identify a specific computer or user, but it does add another layer of privacy protection to our users' data.Will this policy change make it more difficult for law enforcement to prevent and detect crime or child exploitation? No, current laws allow the government to request that companies preserve user data. We regularly comply with such laws. What happens to the logs at the end of the expiration date? Are they deleted? At the end of the expiration date we will still keep server logs but they will be anonymized. How is anonymization different from encryption? When we anonymize data, we intentionally erase part of it. This creates privacy safeguards because no one can read that data -- it's gone. By contrast, encryption encodes information so that it becomes a secret. Someone who knows the code can get the data back. Will logs anonymization apply retroactively? Yes. Can users opt out of anonymization? We are working on a solution to make this possible. Will users have the option to delete or edit their logs before the expiration date? No, not in the server logs. There are several other Google services that give users control over how much data we keep and for how long, including Gmail. How many subpoenas for server log data does Google receive each year? As a matter of policy, we don't provide specifics on law enforcement requests to Google. How long do other Internet companies retain data? We cannot comment on other companies' data retention practices. Will there be different log retention policies based on a user's country of origin? No. We believe in applying this as a consistent policy for the benefit of our users worldwide. When will this new policy go live? This is a difficult initiative to implement. We hope to be able to do this by the end of 2007, but it could take longer Log Retention Policy FAQ - p. 2 March 2007 © Google Inc. Do you disclose to users that you collect and store this user data already? Yes. Our Privacy Policy and Privacy FAQ explain the types of data we collect in our server logs and the purposes served by data collection. We will update our Privacy Policy when we've completed the changes described here. Log Retention Policy FAQ - p. 3 March 2007 © Google Inc.Privacy at Google Contents Introduction Google's privacy principles: Transparency and user choice Putting principles into practice Search Strengthening Google's privacy practices Why Google stores data Personalization Targeted advertising Other Google products Helping to protect users Frequently asked questions Glossary Appendix Introduction As the information age becomes a reality for increasing numbers of people globally, the technologies that underpin it are getting more sophisticated and useful. The opportunities are immense. For individuals, a quantum leap forward in their ability to communicate and create, speak and be heard; for national economies, accelerated growth and innovation. These technological advances come with unprecedented capabilities to collect, store and share data. There is nothing new about companies using consumer data to offer and improve their services. Credit card companies record where we shop and what we buy. Phone companies record who we talk to and when. Email providers are entrusted with an increasing number of our business and personal communications. But the ease and speed of sharing data is unparalleled in our history, giving rise to exciting new platforms such as blogs, video sharing sites, and social networks. That's why Google believes it's so important to focus on privacy throughout our company. We put great effort into building privacy protections into our products and systems. We also have clear privacy policies based on the principles of transparency and choice. Our users deserve to know what information is being collected and stored, and why, so that they can make informed decisions about the Google services they use. We hope that this booklet will help you better understand what Google is doing to protect our users' privacy and to help raise standards across the industry. Google's privacy principles: Transparency and user choice All of us now trust companies with information online that is personal or sensitive. But it's sometimes difficult to work out exactly what information these organizations collect, or how they use it. For a start, most privacy policies are long, complicated documents that are hard to understand. And technology is changing all the time. That's why Google believes it's critical to be transparent about our approach to privacy and to give users meaningful control - we want people to understand what data we store and why, so that they can make informed decisions about the services they use. Transparency and user choice are the principles on which all Google's privacy policies are based. Google designs products to put the user in control We build privacy protections into our services from the ground up. Take Web History for example, a sign-in feature which allows users to look back over sites they have visited or searched for in the past. If people don't want particular entries stored they can delete them. Or on Google Talk, our instant messaging service; if users want their conversations to be "off the record," all they have to do is click a button. None of Google's products use personal data unless disclosed in a privacy policy Privacy policies are used to provide people with notice about the information companies collect, and, when appropriate, to obtain their consent to its use. Personal data is information that relates to a particular identifiable individual. Google's privacy policies typically appear when a user signs up for one of our services or when a user enables new features. To read our privacy policies and accompanying Frequently Asked Questions, go to http://www.google.com/privacy. At Google we aim to write our privacy policies in clear, simple language Google tries to keep our privacy policies as short and simple as possible - with a one page summary at the top, followed by more detail underneath for users who are interested. As part of our effort to reach users in new and effective ways, Google launched a dedicated YouTube channel with privacy videos to help inform users about what we do and why: just visit http://www.youtube.com/googleprivacy to see them all. We always ask people actively to opt in to services that use their sensitive data Sensitive data is, for example, information about a person's health, sexual orientation or political beliefs. So for products that may hold sensitive data like this in association with a Google account - such as Gmail which may store personal data contained in people's email - we ask for opt-in agreement to our privacy policy when people create an account. Putting principles into practice Search Search - the ability to deliver relevant information on any topic to anyone, anywhere, instantly - is at the heart of what Google does. Today millions of people globally use our search engine. But what happens when people type their query into that box on our homepage - and what data, if any, do we store about that search? Data retention practices Let's take a simple search like cars.When someone types the word "cars" into our search engine, the request gets sent from that user's computer over the Internet to our computers, which look for the right search results. Once our computers have found the results, they send these results back to the user's computer - again via the Internet. All this takes milliseconds. This is the information that Google keeps: the search query (i.e., "cars"), the time and date it was typed, the IP address and cookie of the computer it was entered from, and its browser type and operating system. Like almost all websites, we keep these records in our logs. Here's what a typical log entry at Google looks like: 123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2007 10:15:32 - http://www.google.com/search?q=cars - Firefox 2.0.0.7; Windows NT 5.1 - 740674ce2123e969. But what does this all mean? IP addresses: 123.45.67.89 is the IP address assigned to the user's computer by his or her service provider. An IP address is a number assigned to each individual computer. When a user searches on Google, we use his computer's IP address to ensure that we get the right results back to the right computer. It's important to remember that IP addresses don't say exactly where an individual user is, or who they are. In fact, some Internet Service Providers (ISPs) give users a different IP address every time they log onto the web. At best, all Google can tell about a user from his computer's IP address is that user's general location (for example, London) and possibly the ISP they use to connect to the Internet. Only the ISP (who actually controls the user's account) can match an individual with an IP address. Time and date: 25/Mar/2007 10:15:32 is the date and time the user typed the query into Google. Search query: http://www.google.com/search?q=cars is the search query, in this specific case "cars." Browsers and operating systems: Firefox 2.0.0.7; Windows NT 5.1 is the browser and operating system being used. A browser - like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari or Opera - is the software that enables computers to access the web. An operating system - like Windows - is the software that manages a user's computer. Cookies: 740674ce2123a969 is the unique cookie ID assigned to a computer the first time a user visits Google. A cookie is a small file that gets stored on a user's computer; it looks like a lot of numbers, letters and symbols strung together. Like an IP address, a cookie doesn't tell Google who a user actually is or where they live - it only identifies a computer. A user can delete cookies at any time through the cookie-control panel in his computer's browser, as explained in detail below. A cookie records users' preferences, for example whether a user wants his results in English or French, or if he wants to use a SafeSearch filter. Strengthening Google's privacy practices Time limits on data retention While none of the data Google stores in its search logs identifies individuals personally, it can sometimes have personal elements, because it involves specific queries. For example, if a user runs a search on her own name and city, that search query reveals more information about a user than our prior example of a search for "cars." That's why earlier this year Google decided to delete the last two digits from the IP addresses and alter the cookie numbers in our logs permanently after 18 months. This breaks the link between the search query and the computer it was entered from. It's similar to the way in which credit card receipts replace digits with hash marks to improve customer security. Here is what an IP address will look like in our logs after 18 months: 123.45.67.XX. After the same time period, the cookie will be replaced by a newly-generated cookie number. Google was the first major search engine to announce time limits on the retention of logs data and we're pleased that others in the industry have followed our lead. Time limits on cookies In addition Google has decided to limit the lifetime of its cookies. When we originally designed them, we set our cookies to expire well into the future - 2038, to be exact - because their primary purpose was to preserve people's preferences, not to allow them to be forgotten. But Google now plans to start issuing cookies that auto-expire after two years - unless they belong to someone who uses our services regularly, in which case the cookie will automatically renew itself. In other words, people who do not return to Google will have their cookies deleted after two years, while those who use the service regularly will have a cookie renewed for two years from the point that they use our services, and consequently will not lose their preferences. Google has also always allowed people to use its services without cookies (though this may mean losing the use of some features or functions of particular products). For more information on managing cookies, please refer to the Appendix.Why Google stores data People often ask why Google needs to keep these logs at all. We store logs data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our search results and to maintain the security of our systems. Innovation Collecting data enables our engineers to analyze search patterns, which helps them to develop new, improved features for our users. Google Spell Checker is a good example. If people misspell a word or name - say they type in "David Beckam" instead of "David Beckham" - they will not get the most relevant search results. So we ask them "Did you mean: David Beckham?" Google is able to do that because we've studied our search logs determine the most common spellings of words and names. Logs data also helps Google improve the search algorithms that determine the order our search results appear. If our engineers can see that people are consistently clicking on the top result for any given query, they know they are doing something right. If people are hitting 'next page' or typing in another query, they know something is wrong, and can then take action to try and improve the search algorithms. Protecting our systems from abuse Search logs help Google improve the security of our systems. Without going into a level of detail that might compromise our security, here are some general principles. There are lots of different search patterns, all of which have their own cycles - some are hourly, others monthly and a few even yearly. Understanding them helps us to distinguish between legitimate web traffic and malicious traffic generated by hackers or bots that probe for security vulnerabilities. When trying to distinguish between fraud and legitimate new patterns of behavior, it helps if we have old data to use as a benchmark. Logs data helps our engineers fight web spam, which undermines the quality of our search results and is bad for users. This helps us fight attempts to manipulate our search engine rankings by people who create fake sites, links, or traffic, all with the goal of influencing our search results. Balancing security and privacy There are no simple answers to the question of how long companies like Google should retain their logs data. Privacy legislation around the world requires us to strike a reasonable balance between the competing pressures we face - such as the privacy of our users, the security of our systems and the need for innovation. Retaining data for shorter periods can help protect user privacy. But the longer Google keeps data, the more chance we have of protecting our systems from fraud and improving the services we offer - both of which are good for our users. We believe that keeping our logs data intact for 18 months strikes the right balance between the competing obligations we face. Personalization There was a survey conducted in America in the 1980s that asked people a deceptively simple question: "Who was shot in Dallas?" For many who had lived through the national trauma of 1963, the deliberations of the Warren Commission, the theories about the grassy knoll and the magic bullet, there was only one answer: JFK. For others, who had followed every twist and turn of the Ewing family saga, the oil barons' ball and Cliff Barnes' drink problem, there was also only one answer: JR. The point of the survey was to show how exactly the same words can have very different meanings to different people depending on their background and their interests. It is the same idea that drives personalization at Google. Personalized search Google's search engine is sophisticated - and most people end up with what they are looking for most of the time. Our search results aren't always what a user was looking for, though, and that is because there is inevitably an element of guesswork involved. Do people searching for Paris Hilton want a hotel in the French capital or celebrity gossip? If users type in Chelsea are they looking for information about the football club or about different neighborhoods in London or New York? An algorithm cannot provide all these answers. But if it can take account of an individual's preferences it has much more chance of finding out what that person is looking for - closing the gap between what they typed and the result they actually want. The easiest way to think about personalized search is as a partnership between Google and the individual concerned - the user shares information about what they're interested in with us and we give them better, more relevant results in return. Of course, not everyone will be comfortable sharing that kind of information with Google, which is why we leave the choice to the user. Users can choose whether to use the personalized service by opening a Google account and turning it on - and once they have we make it easy for users to opt-out again by closing their account. Developing more personalized search results is crucial given how much new information is coming online every day.The University of California Berkeley estimates that humankind created five exabytes of information in 2002 - double the amount generated in 1999. To translate that into something more familiar, absorbing five exabytes of data on television would require sitting in front of a screen for over 40,000 years. In a world of almost unlimited information and limited time, more targeted, personal results can really add to people's quality of life. Web history Lots of people find things on the web that they really like - a funny video, a great recipe for chocolate cake, a newspaper article - but then lose them. Web History enables users to find websites they have visited in the past quickly and easily (browsing the entire text of these pages) or look back over old search queries. Google also uses this data to help personalize a user's search results. Google not only requires users to actively choose to use Web History (it requires a user to have created a Google Account and to have installed the Google Toolbar) but we also enable users to make the service as personalized as they want. If someone's history, for example, contains queries or websites they would rather keep private, we enable them to edit, pause or delete these items. Users can opt out of Web History at any time. To remove items from Web History: Click on 'remove items' Check the items you want to remove Click 'remove' or if you want to delete all Web History items click 'clear entire Web History' To pause Web History: From the Web History interface, click on 'Pause' Sign out of your Google Account using the 'sign out' link on the top right of the screen Sign out from the Google toolbar from the 'settings' menu on the right-hand edge of the toolbar Web history will resume when you log in again To opt out of Web History all together: Click on the 'My Account' link on the top right of the Google search Click on 'edit' next to 'My services' Click on 'Delete Web History' If for any reason you'd like to terminate your Google Account, you can page do so from this screen Targeted advertising Without ads, the Internet would be less useful and accessible than it is today. Advertising pays for most of the free content and free services that everyone now enjoys online. The more targeted the advertising, the more valuable it becomes - not just for advertisers or the websites they fund, but also for users who benefit from relevant rather than random ads. There are many different types of online advertising, but the two most prominent are search and display ads. Text-based ads These are ads that are targeted based on search queries. If a user types "cheap flights", for example, into Google, they will see lots of sponsored links on the right hand side of the page showing ads from travel companies. The ranking of these sponsored links is determined by a combination of what the advertiser paid for the ad in our auction (what is known as the cost per click) and the quality of the ad itself (what is known as its clickthrough rate). The ranking of these ads is completely unrelated to Google's basic search results. Display advertising In the early years, Internet ads were simple banners on web sites. Advertisers would buy these ads on the web sites their customers were most likely to visit. A tire company, for example, would place its ads on sites about cars. But display ads are now much more sophisticated. New technology platforms provided by ad serving companies like DoubleClick, Atlas and MediaPlex enable advertisers and web sites to target campaigns much more effectively based on user behavior. So if a user visits a web site with an ad that's been served there using one of these company's technology, a cookie is placed on that user's computer recording data for the advertiser - including things like when the ad was delivered, what page it appeared on, the ads the user looked at and the IP address of the computer. This helps advertisers determine how successful their campaigns are and also helps to ensure that users see ads that are relevant and pertain to their interests. A lot of online ad targeting does not raise particular privacy concerns - for example, matching ads to the search queries people type in, targeting by location and language (information that is available from the geographic numbers included in an IP address) or age (for instance, placing ads on websites which pensioners visit). Where privacy can become more of a concern is when cookies are used to target ads based on past user behavior, previous web sites people have visited, or ads they have clicked on before. This type of targeting is known as "behavioral targeting". This is new territory for Google. In April of 2007 we announced plans to buy DoubleClick. In our ad serving, we're going to experiment with a number of different ways to improve transparency - ideas which we hope will be adopted by the industry more generally.These include: Providing better forms of 'notice' within ads, so that users can more easily understand who is serving them and what data is being collected; and like and don't like. Giving users the ability to provide feedback to us about the ads they Like all experiments, these ideas may or may not work out. But we are excited to start innovating in this particular area, not just for our users but for our advertising customers as well. Other Google products Gmail Gmail is Google's web-based email service. It's easy to use, with virtually unlimited storage, great search and built in features like Google Talk, which enables users to chat with each other. However, people's emails are often highly personal and may involve sensitive information - that's why we require all our users proactively to sign up for a Gmail account. Contrary to many other email services, Google only asks for minimal data when a person opens an account: the user's first name; their surname; their country; a login name; and password. People can even sign in using a pseudonym if they want, since we don't ask for proof of identity. Google also places advertising on Gmail based on key words that appear in messages transmitted through our system (it's a good example of ads helping to pay for the free services we all enjoy online) - so if you're emailing a friend about a trip to Paris, for example, ads might appear on the right hand side of the page for trains to France. Google does this using software similar to the kind that scans emails for viruses, to filter out spam and turn the bits of data received into the characters on the screen. No human being other than the user ever reads the messages sent or received on Gmail - it's simply a computer matching up key words in peoples' emails with targeted ads. Google Desktop Google Desktop enables users to search their computers as easily as they search the web - including all their emails and documents. This saves users a lot of wasted time looking for old files or messages they have sent. Of course a lot of this data is sensitive, so we require people to opt-in to the service when they download this software. People can remove any folders, documents, or emails they don't want included in the index at any time. Lots of people work off of different computers. As a result, their information may be stored in different places. The optional Google Desktop Search Across Computers feature enables users to search all the documents they have saved - no matter what computer's desktop they're on. For example, people can find files that they edited on their desktop from their laptop. It's an opt-in feature and to use it users have to install Google Desktop on all of the computers they want covered - in other words they actively have to opt- in to the service for each computer they use. If users change their mind and want to turn off the Google Desktop Search Across Computers feature, their private index is deleted from our servers (the computers where we store data) and in no case will the index be stored on our servers for more than 10 days. To uninstall Google Desktop from a computer, users simply have to click on the 'Uninstall Google Desktop' program in their Google Desktop folder. Google Earth Google Earth provides users with a view of any point on the planet. This information enables users to do lots of different things - from planning a vacation (checking out that the hotel really is next to the beach as it says in the brochure) to organizing rescue efforts after a disaster. Users can search the globe, or view data on top of Google Earth, like maps, terrain, traffic and restaurants. Much of the imagery on Google Earth is publicly available elsewhere, and it's imagery that users could also see if they were flying over properties or driving past them. There are different laws in different countries about what imagery can and cannot be shown. That's why the satellite and aerial imagery companies that provide the pictures are sometimes required to blur parts of them before they get to Google. Take a look at the Royal Palace in the Netherlands for example. Google Maps and Street View Google recently launched a feature on Google Maps called 'Street View,' which provides users with street-level imagery for select cities in the United States. Occasionally, an individual on the streets may be identifiable in Street View. The service gives users the ability to easily flag images like these and request that they be removed. The imagery available in this service complies with law in the United States relating to "public spaces," and we've worked with a number of different privacy groups on the product before we launched it.That said, we are working on even more effective ways to protect individual's privacy in these public areas, which you can read about here: http://google-latlong.blogspot.com/2007/09/street-view- and-privacy.html orkut orkut, Google's online community with tens of millions of users, allows users to create profiles and interact with their social network to share stories, pictures, and meet new people. Privacy is obviously important on all social networking sites. That's why we've created tools that enable orkut users to control access to their online profiles. Users are given the option to restrict who sees their profile or friends information. Google Docs Google Docs is a suite of products that allows people to create and share their projects online and access them from anywhere. For each individual document, spreadsheet, or presentation that a user creates, he has the ability to be the sole user of that document, to share it with friends or co-workers, or to publish it and allow anyone to view it. No documents are shared by default, and users have to alter a document's 'share' controls to allow others to view it. Helping to protect users At Google we're fully aware of some of the dangers of using online services and we are working hard to help educate our users about them. Here are some scams to be aware of. Identity theft Some web sites use malicious software known as spyware to collect personal, sensitive information without a user's consent. People can often accidentally download this software onto their computers, or receive it in an e-mail. As part of our commitment to protecting the security of our users, we warn users before they visit sites that might be dangerous. We're also a member of the advisory board of StopBadware.org, a "Neighborhood Watch"-style campaign aimed at fighting spyware by identifying dangerous applications and sites. People can also use Google Pack - a collection of useful software, including Google Toolbar, Norton Security Scan and Spyware Doctor (Starter Edition) - to prevent spyware from being downloaded onto their computers. Phishing Phishers fraudulently acquire sensitive information, such as usernames, passwords and credit card details, by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication. Phishing is typically carried out by email or instant messaging, and often directs users to give their details at a particular web site. Google services like Gmail automatically scan emails to try to filter out potentially malicious spam which is often the vehicle used for phishing, but unfortunately some phishers are successful in defrauding our users. We advise all web users to be careful when disclosing personal and financial information over the internet and to report any incidences of phishing to us whenever they arise. We also offer protection from phishing to users of the Google Toolbar. Hacking Hacking refers to the process of illegally gaining access to a computer through the use and modification of computer code. Hackers employ these measures to gain control of a device, take personal information without consent or to install malicious code. Enabling a firewall, like that included on your computer or available from many software companies, helps users to protect their computers from outside interference. Badware Spyware, malware, and other deceptive software can harm or take control of a user's computer. Through Google's relationship with StopBadware.org, we are helping to put a stop to this type of harmful software on the Internet. Google search results also warn users before they click through to a page that may contain Badware, helping them keep their computers secure. Frequently asked questions What data do you hold on me? This depends on the service. For search, we store the following data in our logs records: the search query, the time and date typed, the IP address and cookie of the computer, and the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.) and operating system (for example Windows Vista). It's important to note that IP addresses and cookies cannot by themselves identify individuals. They don't tell us where someone lives, or who they are. In fact some internet service providers give users a different IP address every time they log onto the web. At best, all Google can tell about someone from an IP address is their general location (for example London). Only the service provider, who actually controls the user's account, can match the individual with the IP address. How long do you keep data in your search logs? Eighteen months. At that point we permanently delete the last two digits from the IP address and randomly assign a new cookie number. This breaks the link between the search query and the browser it was entered from. It's similar to the way in which receipts from credit card transactions replace digits with hash marks to improve customer security.If your logs data cannot identify individuals why bother to make this change at 18 months? We break the link between the search query and the computer it was entered from at 18 months to give our users additional protection. While none of the data Google stores on its search logs identifies individuals personally (it doesn't tell us who people are), it is to some extent personal because it involves specific queries. Why do you store it at all - surely you could delete it all immediately? We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our search results and to maintain the security of our systems. For example, the greater our engineers' understanding of the different search patterns that occur on our site, the better the chance we have of fighting fraud. And there are lots of different patterns all of which have their own cycles - some are hourly, others monthly and a few even yearly. Why did you choose 18 months? We strike a reasonable balance between the competing pressures we face - such as the privacy of our users, the security of our systems and the need for innovation. We believe 18 months strikes the right balance. Who has access to this information - and can governments demand access to it? Within Google a limited number of engineers can access this information - they use it primarily to help with research aimed at improving our services and protecting our systems from attack. There are strict protocols at Google for access to this data. In terms of the police and other law enforcement agencies, we comply with valid legal requests, like search warrants, court orders and subpoenas, as all responsible companies must. What happens when different privacy laws in different countries conflict? Our privacy policy is pretty clear that most of our services are provided by Google Inc., which is subject to US law. But we are committed to complying with the law in the countries where we operate. Our privacy policies were drafted to comply with the privacy laws in all the countries where we do business, including the high standards of the European data protection laws. Why do you use cookies? Cookies record users' preferences, for example whether they want their results in English or French, and if they use a safe search filter. Without them, Google wouldn't be able to remember what different people like and most users don't want to re-set their computers every time they log on. If users are worried about cookies they can delete them and still search on Google (though they will obviously lose some functionality). How long do your cookies last? Google recently announced that we would start issuing cookies that auto- expire after two years - unless they belong to a regular user, in which case the cookie will automatically renew itself so that we don't lose that person's preferences. Can personalized search identify people - what protections do you offer them? Personalized search uses people's past search and browsing activity to give them more relevant, targeted results. Without this kind of information it's hard, for example, to know whether someone is looking for information about the football club or a district in London when they type "Chelsea" into our search box. Of course some people may not be comfortable sharing this information with Google - that's why we have made personalized search an optional service that's only available once someone has signed up for a Google account. What is a Google Account? There are certain services we offer, like Gmail or personalized search, which people can only use if they sign up for a Google Account. To do this people need to provide us with basic information - typically their name, country, email address and a password. This information is used to authenticate users and protect their accounts from unauthorized access by others. Do you share your server logs with advertisers? We only share anonymous, statistical information about our users with advertisers (e.g. how many users visited their site or clicked on their ad.) I have targeted ads on Gmail - is someone actually looking at what I write to match the ads with my emails? Is this legal? There is no human involvement in matching ads to content in Gmail. Like most email services, Gmail uses software to scan emails for viruses and to filter out spam. Google uses the same kind of software to scan for keywords in users' emails which we can then match ads to. The whole process is automatic. Do the images in Google Earth violate privacy? Most of the imagery on Google Earth is publicly available elsewhere from governments and private sector providers. In addition, anyone who flies above or drives by a piece of property will see exactly the same pictures. Google blurs imagery on Earth for governments - do you do the same to protect individuals' privacy? There are different laws in different countries about what imagery can and cannot be commercially distributed or published.Where buildings are blurred on Google Earth - for example the Royal Palace in the Netherlands - this is actually done by the organization that provided the images to Google. Street View captures images of people on the street? Is that legal? Street View makes it easy for people to look at very local imagery. These pictures are useful when working out travel directions for example. If anyone wants pictures of themselves taken down, all they have to do is flag the image and we remove it. The images in this service are legal given the laws around "public spaces" in the United States - and we worked with a number of different privacy groups on the product before we launched it. That said, we are working on even more effective ways to protect individual's privacy in these public areas, which you can read about here: http://google- latlong.blogspot.com/2007/09/street-view-and-privacy.html How can I contact Google if I have a privacy question or complaint? If users have any additional questions or concerns they can contact us any time through this website: http://www.google.com/support/bin/request.py?contact_type=privacy People can also write to: Privacy Matters c/o Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California, 94043 USA Glossary Badware Spyware, malware, and other deceptive software can harm or take control of a user's computer. Consent A legal term describing the need for service providers to seek user's agreement before offering them a product. Cookie A small file stored by a web browser to record a user's preferences or activities for a specific website. Display ads Visually-based web advertisements, such as banners or skyscrapers. IP address A unique number assigned to an electronic device (such as a computer) connected to the internet. Malware Software designed to infiltrate or damage a computer system without the owner's informed consent. It is a general term used by computer professionals for many forms of hostile, intrusive, or annoying software. Notice A legal term describing the need for service providers to give users information about, for example, their privacy policies. Personal data Information that can personally identify someone, such as their name, government ID number, or their photograph. Phishing An attempt to fraudulently acquire sensitive information, such as usernames, passwords and credit card details, by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication. Search query The word or words entered into a search engine. Sensitive data Information that is intimate or confidential in its nature, such as health, sexual orientation, religious beliefs. Server log A file automatically created and maintained by a computer that records the activity it performs. See page 6. Spam The abuse of electronic messaging systems to indiscriminately send unsolicited bulk messages. Spyware Computer software installed surreptitiously on a personal computer to intercept or take partial control over the user's interaction with the computer, without the user's consent. Text ads Advertisements on a website that are text-based (rather than image-based). Text ads are often contextually targeted, based on the content of a web page or on a search term, etc. Appendix Managing Cookies Users can easily delete cookies through Internet options (on Internet Explorer). Go to the 'tools' menu Select 'internet options' Select the 'general' tab Click 'delete cookies' Firefox users can delete cookies through the Firefox preferences screen Click on the 'privacy' tab Below 'Private Data', click Open the Firefox preferences screen 'Clear now' 'Clear Private Data Now' Select 'cookies,' and click In addition users can reset their browsers to let them know when a cookie is being sent or even to refuse all cookies. This feature can be found in the 'advanced internet options' section of the 'tools' menu. Go to the 'tools' menu Select 'internet options' Select the 'privacy' tab Move slide to select a privacy setting or click 'advanced' to choose how cookies are handled Firefox users can do the same through their privacy preferences. Click on the 'privacy' Open the Firefox preferences screen tab cookies from sites' Uncheck 'accept Looking for more? Google Privacy Center - - www.google.com/privacy Google Privacy Channel on YouTube - www.youtube.com/GooglePrivacy Google Public Policy blog - googlepublicpolicy.blogspot.com © Copyright 2008. Google is a trademark of Google Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.Privacy Policy Last modified: December 18, 2017 (view archived versions) (The hyperlinked examples are available at the end of this document.) There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains: What information we collect and why we collect it. How we use that information. The choices we offer, including how to access and update information. We've tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you're not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long- time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions contact us. Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like. We collect information in the following ways: Information you give us. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account. When you do, we'll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number or credit card to store with your account. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile, which may include your name and photo. Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes: Device information We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account. Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes: details of how you used our service, such as your search queries. telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls. Internet protocol address. device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL. cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account. Location information When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates. Local storage We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches. Cookies and similar technologies We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, by the Google Analytics customer or by Google, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.Information we collect when you are signed in to Google, in addition to information we obtain about you from partners, may be associated with your Google Account. When information is associated with your Google Account, we treat it as personal information. For more information about how you can access, manage or delete information that is associated with your Google Account, visit the Transparency and choice section of this policy. How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads. We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services. If other users already have your email, or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information, such as your name and photo. If you have a Google Account, we may display your Profile name, Profile photo, and actions you take on Google or on third- party applications connected to your Google Account (such as +1's, reviews you write and comments you post) in our services, including displaying in ads and other commercial contexts. We will respect the choices you make to limit sharing or visibility settings in your Google Account. When you contact Google, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements. We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate an identifier from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health. Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google's services and the ads delivered by Google. We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy. Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live. Transparency and choice People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can: Review and update your Google activity controls to decide what types of data, such as videos you've watched on YouTube or past searches, you would like saved with your account when you use Google services. You can also visit these controls to manage whether certain activity is stored in a cookie or similar technology on your device when you use our services while signed-out of your account. Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard. View and edit your preferences about the Google ads shown to you on Google and across the web, such as which categories might interest you, using Ads Settings. You can also visit that page to opt out of certain Google advertising services. Adjust how the Profile associated with your Google Account appears to others. Control who you share information with through your Google Account. Take information associated with your Google Account out of many of our services. Choose whether your Profile name and Profile photo appear in shared endorsements that appear in ads. You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences. Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others.Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content. Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems. Information we share We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies: With your consent We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator (for example, for G Suite users) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information (including your email and other data). Your domain administrator may be able to: view statistics regarding your account, like statistics regarding applications you install. change your account password. suspend or terminate your account access. access or retain information stored as part of your account. receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings. Please refer to your domain administrator's privacy policy for more information. For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good- faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations. detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular: We encrypt many of our services using SSL. We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account, and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. When this Privacy Policy applies Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates, including YouTube, services Google provides on Android devices, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services.Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads. Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks, including the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly. Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use: Chrome and Chrome OS Play Books Payments Fiber Project Fi G Suite for Education YouTube Kids Google Accounts Managed with Family Link For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide. Other useful privacy and security related materials Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google's policies and principles pages, including: Information about our technologies and principles, which includes, among other things, more information on how Google uses cookies. technologies we use for advertising. how we recognize patterns like faces. A page that explains what data is shared with Google when you visit websites that use our advertising, analytics and social products. The Privacy Checkup tool, which makes it easy to review your key privacy settings. Google's safety center, which provides information on how to stay safe and secure online. "access to your personal information" For example, with Google Dashboard you can quickly and easily see some of the data associated with your Google Account. Learn more. "ads you'll find most useful" For example, if you frequently visit websites and blogs about gardening, you may see ads related to gardening as you browse the web. Learn more. "advertising services" For example, if you frequently visit websites and blogs about gardening that show our ads, you may start to see ads related to this interest as you browse the web. Learn more. "and other sensors" Your device may have sensors that provide information to assist in a better understanding of your location. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine things like speed, or a gyroscope to figure out direction of travel. Learn more. "collect information" This includes information like your usage data and preferences, Gmail messages, G+ profile, photos, videos, browsing history, map searches, docs, or other Google-hosted content. Learn more. "combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services" For example, when you're signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with pages, photos, and Google+ posts from your friends and people who know you or follow you on Google+ may see your posts and profile in their results. Learn more. "connect with people" For example, you could get suggestions of people you might know or want to connect with on Google+, based on the connections you have with people on other Google products, like Gmail; and people who have a connection with you may see your profile as a suggestion. Learn more. "credit card" Whilst we currently don't ask for a credit card during sign up, verifying your age through a small credit card transaction is one way to confirm that you meet our age requirements in case your account was disabled after you have entered a birthday indicating you are not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more. "develop new ones" For example, Google's spell checking software was developed by analyzing previous searches where users had corrected their own spelling. Learn more. "device identifiers" Device identifiers let Google know which unique device you are using to access our services, which can be used to customise our service to your device or analyse any device issues related to our services. Learn more. "device-specific information" For example, when you visit Google Play from your desktop, Google can use this information to help you decide on which devices you'd like your purchases to be available for use.Learn more. "improve your user experience" For example, cookies allow us to analyse how users interact with our services. Learn more. "legal process or enforceable governmental request" Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to hand over user data. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when the requests appear to be overly broad or don't follow the correct process. Learn more. "limit sharing or visibility settings" For example, you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad. Learn more. "linked with information about visits to multiple sites" Google Analytics is based on first-party cookies. Data generated through Google Analytics can be linked, by the Google Analytics customer or by Google, using Google technology, to third-party cookies, related to visits to other websites, for instance when an advertiser wants to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more. "maintain" For example, we continuously monitor our systems to check that they are working as intended and in order to detect and fix errors. Learn more. "may collect and process information about your actual location" For example, Google Maps can center the maps view on your current location. Learn more. "may not function properly" For example, we use a cookie called 'lbcs' which makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Learn more. "and our partners" We allow trusted businesses to use cookies or similar technologies for advertising and research purposes on our services. Learn more. "phone number" For example, if you add a phone number as a recovery option, if you forget your password Google can send you a text message with a code to enable you to reset it. Learn more. "protect Google and our users" For example, if you're concerned about unauthorized access to your email, "Last account activity" in Gmail shows you information about recent activity in your email, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, as well as the time and date. Learn more. "protect" For example, one reason we collect and analyze IP addresses and cookies is to protect our services against automated abuse. Learn more. "provide" For example, the IP address assigned to your device is used to send the data you requested back to your device. Learn more. "sharing" For example, with Google+, you have many different sharing options. Learn more. "sharing with others quicker and easier" For example, if someone is already a contact, Google will autocomplete their name if you want to add them to a message in Gmail. Learn more. "the people who matter most to you online" For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of a message you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses from your Contacts list. Learn more. "to make it easier to share things with people you know" For example, if you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. Learn more. "view and interact with our ads" For example, we regularly report to advertisers on whether we served their ad to a page and whether that ad was likely to be seen by users (as opposed to, for example, being on part of the page to which users did not scroll). Learn more. "We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly" When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide very useful information about particular trends at that time. Learn more. "Wi-Fi access points and cell towers" For example, Google can approximate your device's location based on the known location of nearby cell towers. Learn more. "more relevant search results" For example, we can make search more relevant and interesting for you by including photos, posts, and more from you and your friends. Learn more. "removing your content" For example, you can delete your Web & App Activity, your blog, a Google Site you own, your YouTube Channel, your Google+ profile or your entire Google account. Learn more. "to show trends" You can see some of these at Google Trends and YouTube Trending Videos. Learn more. "your activity on other sites and apps" This activity might come from your use of Google products like Chrome Sync or from your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics).These products share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more.