Privacy Policy Grace Digital (we) manages multiple web sites, gracedigital.com, ecoxgear.com, myradio.gracedigital.com, myradiosplus.gracedigital.com, sparcradio.com. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use these web sites. What information do we collect about you? If you reside in California, you may have the right to receive from Grace Digital the names of all companies, if any, with whom we have shared personal information pertaining to you and your family within the past year for direct marketing purposes. This may be so, whether such information has been obtained by way of this web site or otherwise. To request the names of such companies and the categories of personal information disclosed, you must make your written request by United States Mail, postage prepaid, addressed to: Grace Digital Privacy, Grace Digital, Inc., 10531 4S Commons Drive, Suite 430, San Diego, CA 92127. Be sure to provide in the request sufficient information to properly identify you and/or the members of your family. The information you provide in your request will be used only to identify the companies, if any, with whom we have shared your personal information. Grace Digital, Inc. can respond to such requests only if made by United States Mail to this address and not otherwise. Grace Digital will respond to your request by United States Mail. We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies. How will we use the information about you? We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalize your repeat visits to our website. Grace Digital will not share your information for marketing Purposes or any persons with companies outside the Retail Group. In processing your order, the credit card company that you use to pay for your order will check if your card has available credit limit for the transaction(s) as well as check for fraud. Marketing You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here . Cookies Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org . You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result. Third-party vendors (including Google) will use these cookies to serve ads based on your past visits to our website. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager ( https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ ) or you can also visit the Network Advertising Initiative ( http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp ) opt-out page to opt-out of a third party vendor’s use of these cookies. We do not use third-party advertising companies and networks t o serve ads on this web site. California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights If you reside in California, you may have the right to receive from Grace Digital the names of all companies, if any, with whom we have shared personal information pertaining to you and your family within the past year for direct marketing purposes. This may be so, whether such information has been obtained by way of this web site or otherwise. To request the names of such companies and the categories of personal information disclosed, make your written request by email to privacypolicy@gracedigital. com or send a written letter via United States Mail, postage prepaid, addressed to: Grace Digital Privacy, Grace Digital, Inc., 10531 4S Commons Drive, Suite 430, San Diego, CA 92127. Be sure to provide in the request sufficient information to properly identify you and/or the members of your family. The information you provide in your request will be used only to identify the companies, if any, with whom we have shared your personal information. Grace Digital, Inc. can respond to such requests only if made by United States Mail to this address and not otherwise. Grace Digital will respond to your request by United States Mail. Other Websites Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.Changes to our Privacy Policy We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this we b page. This privacy policy was last updated on December 14, 2021. How to Contact Us Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: by email privacypolicy@gracedigital.com or write to us at: Grace Digital Privacy, Grace Digital, Inc., 10531 4S Commons Drive, Suite 430, San Diego, CA 92127 Google, Android, Google Play, Chromecast built-in and other marks are trademarks of Google LLC. CONTACT US Phone: 1-800-903-9524 email: support@gracedigital.com Address: 11870 Community Rd. Ste. 200 Poway, CA 92064 COMPANY SUPPORT NEWSLETTER For the latest news and coupons: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Vimeo Copyright © 2023, gracedigital . Close Cart Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Enable cookies to use the shopping cart t: e (- Item Quantity Discount: Subtotal $0.00 Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Details can be found in our Dismiss Got it! This website uses cookies This website is using cookies to analyze our traffic, personalize content and/or ads, to provide video content. We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics and advertising partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Manage Consent Preferences