We Care About Your Privacy Max Children's Privacy Policy Last updated: May 23, 2023 Hi and Welcome! WarnerMedia (“WM”) is a global media and entertainment company. We have lots of products and services that entertain, delight, amuse, and inform you, including Max, Warner Bros., Cartoon Network, DC, and many others. When you use our websites or our apps, play one of our games online, visit one of our studio tours, buy one of our products, or otherwise interact with us online or offline (collectively referred to as “Services”), we may collect and disclose information about you (“Information”), including information considered “personal information” or “personal data” under applicable privacy laws. This Privacy Policy describes our practices related to Information we collect about children through our Services and experiences that are directed to children, such as when we know you are a child based on age information. For example, Max Kids Profiles are governed by this Children’s Privacy Policy. For information about how we data outside of Kids Profiles, please see our Privacy Policy . If you need help understanding this Policy, you should ask a parent or guardian to read it and talk with you about it. We call this person “your adult” in this Privacy Policy. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who is using our Services, this Privacy Policy explains how we process information we collect in relation to your child. We care a lot about your privacy, and WM believes strongly in the privacy of our consumers. We want to help you understand how we are collecting, using, and sharing your Information, as well as the rights you may have related to that Information. In addition to providing this Privacy Policy, we have created a Privacy Center so you can learn more about rights that may be available to you or your adult on your behalf. This Privacy Policy contains: What Information Do We Collect From You? We collect Information when you sign up for our Services, create an account, use or otherwise interact with our Services online or offline. We might need to ask permission from your adult before you can give us this information. This includes the following categories of Information: Contact and Account Information. When you or your adult sign up for you to use our Services or make a purchase, we will collect Information you provide like your name, phone number, home address, email address, username, profile information, password, age, and birth date. For some Services, we collect your email address to help you make an account and then we may keep your email address only in a “hashed” (jumbled) format so that it doesn’t identify you. We use these “hashed” email addresses to help with your account, like to help you if you forget your password. Location Information. We may collect general location information, like your city or state, for some Services. We may collect precise location for limited services and/or specific offerings. Device and Technical Information. When you use our Services, we may automatically collect Information from you, such as information about your device, operating system, browser type, browser settings, mobile carrier, or Internet Service Provider, including device and other identifiers, like your IP address. Camera Access, Photos, Videos, or Audio Recordings. We collect images and recordings you provide, such as when we have permission to collect images and other Information from your device’s camera or photos, when you post content on our Services or otherwise submit content to us, or when you attend an event where we may be recording. Usage and Viewing Information. We may collect information about how you use our Services, such as information about what you search for, view, and add to your watchlist, webpages, apps, and contextual ads you see and interact with on our Services, as well as accounts you link together. We also may automatically record real-time session information created as you interact with our Services, which may include mouse clicks, mouse movements, pages visited, text entered, how long you spent on a page, page scrolling, and other details of your actions on our Services. Parental Control Information. If your adult uses controls we may offer, we collect information about these controls, like the types of shows and movies your adult allows you to watch. Other Information You Provide. We also collect other information you or your adult provide when you use our Services or participate in our events, surveys, or promotions, or when you interact with us or others on our channels, pages, and accounts on social media and other companies’ platforms. For instance, we may collect chats, comments, posts, customer service communications. What Are Our Sources of Information? In addition to the Information we collect from you directly, WM may receive Information about you from other sources, including other people or businesses.For example, we may collect Information from the following sources: Your Adult. Sometimes, we might need to ask your adult for Information. This may happen, for example, when we need their permission for you to access our Services. We may also ask you to give us some information about your adult if we need to ask for their permission. Friends and Other People. We may collect Information from people you know, like when a friend invites you to participate in an offering, makes recommendations to you, or shares content to you. Our Affiliates. We may collect Information from companies affiliated with WM. You and your adult can learn more about our affiliates by visiting our affiliates site. Our Partners. Sometimes, we will partner with other companies to provide special products, services, or promotions. When we do, these partners may send us Information. Linked Sites and Tools. We may collect Information from websites and tools offered by companies that are not affiliated with us, but that are linked from our Services or provide links to our Services. For example, if you use social media platforms, we sometimes collect Information from these platforms, like your posts, likes, pages viewed, videos watched, and other interactions with our channels, pages, and accounts on social media. Your interactions with websites and tools offered by companies that are not affiliated with us are covered by the privacy policies of those companies, not this Privacy Policy. You and your adult should carefully read the privacy policies of websites and tools you use. WM Technology and Service Providers. We may receive Information from companies that help us, like with account validation, analytics, fraud prevention, advertising, or events. Joint Venture, Promotional, or Strategic Partners. When we partner with other companies, we may receive Information from them. Publicly Available Sources. We may receive Information from publicly available sources as well. We may combine this Information with Information we collect directly from you. How Do We Use the Information We Collect? WM uses your Information to provide you an amazing set of products and services and as permitted or required by law, including as described below. Below are examples of the reasons we are collecting and using your Information. Provide Products and Services and Operate Our Business. We may use your Information to provide, develop, improve, personalize, maintain, protect, analyze, measure, and report on your use of our Services. For example, we may use Information we collect to help you read or watch content we offer and find other content that you might like. We also use Information to support our internal business functions, including finance, accounting, and audit. Communicating with You and Your Adult. We may use Information we collect to send you or your adult communications, like messages about purchases, your account, offers, contests, surveys, changes to policies, customer service inquiries, or to request feedback. We may also provide live support in response to your requests. We may record your comments, text or voice communications for purposes of making features available, improving our services, and avoiding or addressing potential abuses of our Terms of Use or other concerns on behalf of our users. Advertising and Marketing. Depending on your age or with your parents’ consent. We may use your Information to offer, market, and advertise our Services, including providing discounts or offerings from our affiliates, business partners, and select third parties and showing you ads based on the videos you are watching. Safety, Security, Fraud Prevention. We may use your Information to enhance the safety and security of our Services. We may also use it to verify your identity, monitor, investigate, and prevent fraud, and stop other unauthorized or illegal activity. With Your or Your Adult’s Consent. We may use Information for other purposes if we get your consent or your adult’s consent. Comply with Law and our Terms of Use. We may use your Information to comply with laws and other legal requirements that apply to us, and to protect our rights and the rights and safety of others. We may also use Information we collect to detect, investigate, prevent, or report activities that may violate of our Terms of Use could be fraudulent, violate copyright, violate other rules, or may otherwise be illegal. Deidentified and Aggregated Information. We may use and share aggregated and deidentified information as permitted by law. When we use deidentified information, we maintain and use the information in deidentified form and do not attempt to reidentify it, except to check whether our deidentification processes satisfy legal requirements. How Do We Disclose the Information We Collect? WM may share Information we collect to our affiliates , service providers who act on our behalf, or others.For example, we may share Information we collect with the following types of recipients. With Consent. If you are legally allowed to give us consent and give us consent to share Information, or your adult gives us consent to share Information, then we will share Information in the way we describe at the time we ask for consent. To Service Providers. We may share Information with our service providers. WM uses service providers—which are other companies who act on our behalf—to help us with our Services. For example, our service providers may help us with the creation, maintenance, hosting, delivery, and marketing of our Services. This may include processing payments, email and order fulfillment, administering contests, providing customer service, showing contextual advertising, conducting research and analytics, customer service chatbots, or including recording of mouse movements or clicks, keyboard strokes/touches, page scrolls, typed text or other interactions during a user session to improve and troubleshoot our Services. We may also use service providers to enable our chat, comments or survey features, or to moderate comments and chat among our users. These chat, comment, survey or moderation service providers may obtain recordings of your comments, text or voice communications for purposes of making the feature available, improving our services, avoiding or addressing potential abuses of our Terms of Use or other concerns on behalf of our users. To Affiliates. We may share Information with affiliates within our family of companies, such as to provide, improve, offer, market, and otherwise communicate with you about their own products and services. Sponsors, and Co-promotions and Branded Programs. We sometimes work with companies that may offer content or programs (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, branded community or panel programs or social media integrations) that are sponsored by or co-branded with third parties that may collect or obtain Information from participants. When you participate in our branded community or panel programs your name and contact information may be shared with other participants or public. We will let you know when we share your information and, if necessary, ask your adult for permission. Legal Purposes. WM may sometimes share Information with others for legal reasons, for example, when the police, a judge, or government asks us to. We may share Information with others if it will help us stop people from doing bad things, committing crime, or if it will help us protect you or other people. Selling or Reorganizing Our Business. WM may transfer Information to another company as part of an actual or potential sale or reorganization of all or part of our business. What Do You Need to Know About Cookies and Other Identifiers? A cookie or other tracking technology is a tiny file, like a small piece of data script or code, that has information in it and that is stored on your browser or device to help websites and apps remember you and collect Information about your use of the Service. WM uses technologies like cookies, web beacons, SDKs, pixels, and other tracking technologies (collectively referred to as “cookies”) to make your experience on our Services better. These technologies help WM provide and improve our Services, such as by recognizing your browser or device, maintaining your preferences, showing ads based on the content you are viewing, and providing certain features (like storing a high score on a game or saving your place in the game). WM (including our affiliates) and our service providers may use these technologies to collect information over time from apps, websites, and other digital products. For example, these can help us understand how many people visited a Service or saw a piece of content. Among other third-party services, WM uses Google Analytics to improve the performance of the Services and for other analytics purposes. For more information, see Google’s Privacy & Terms . To opt out of Google Analytics , visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Additional Options. Please see the How Can You Control Your Information? section of this Privacy Policy for more information about your choices for Information collected via cookies or tracking technologies. How Can You Control Your Information? There are a number of tools and options you or your adult can use to help control how your Information is collected, used, and shared. Access, Deletion or Correction. If you or your adult have an account with us, you may be able to use this account to access, delete, or correct Information we have collected. You or your adult can also visit our Privacy Center to submit a request to access, delete, or correct your Information. Residents of some US states have specific rights relating to access, deletion, and correction requests.Please visit our US State Supplement page to learn more about those state-specific rights. Communications. If you or your adult receive marketing messages from us, and want to stop getting those messages, you or your adult can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions in the relevant message, or you or your adult can contact customer service. In some Services, you may also be able to opt out using the settings when you log into your account. You or your adult can also send us an email at wmprivacy@warnermedia.com to explain your communication preferences for marketing messages for our Services. Browser and Device Settings. You may have more options depending on your mobile device, operating system, or browser. Please review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for those devices and systems to learn more about these features or have your adult help you do so. Precise Location Information. To disable collection of mobile device precise location information through our apps, please access your device settings and choose to limit that collection. How Do We Protect Your Information? WM takes steps like administrative, technical and physical safeguards to help protect your Information. Unfortunately, no security measures are perfect and we cannot be sure that Information will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way. US State Supplement Some US states require us to tell you about additional information and explain rights that may be available to you. Please visit our US State Supplement page for more information. What Happens If We Change or Revise This Policy? From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy and post the changes on this page. We encourage you and your adult to come back to this page once in a while so that you always know our current privacy practices. How Can You Contact Us? If you or your adult have any questions about this Privacy Policy you can contact us at: wmprivacy@warnermedia.com or at Privacy Office, 230 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10003 or contact us toll free at 833-WM-PRVCY (833-967-7829) or TTY: use 711. ©2023 WarnerMedia Direct, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Max is used under license. For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.warnermediaprivacy.com/policycenter/b2c/WM/ Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelWe Care About Your Privacy Max Privacy Policy Last updated: May 23, 2023 WarnerMedia (“WM”) is a global media and entertainment company. We have a wide array of products and services that entertain, delight, amuse, and inform you, including Max, CNN, WB Games, Bleacher Report, DC Comics, Warner Bros. Television and many others. When you use our websites or apps, play one of our console games, visit one of our studio tours, purchase one of our products, or otherwise interact with one of our businesses online or offline (collectively referred to as “Services”), we may collect information about you (“Information”), including information considered “personal information” or “personal data” under applicable privacy laws. Please visit our affiliates site for a complete list of all WM companies and businesses that may use your Information. WM believes strongly in the privacy of our consumers. We want to be transparent about how we are collecting, using, and sharing your Information, as well as the rights you have regarding that Information. We have created a Privacy Center and Ad Choices site to better inform you of your rights and the best way to control or limit how your Information is used or disclosed. This Privacy Policy is not for Services or experiences directed to children. If you would like more information about how we handle Children’s Information, please visit our Children’s Privacy Policy . For example, the Children’s Privacy Policy governs Kids’ Profiles in Max. This Privacy Policy contains: What Information Do We Collect? We collect Information when you subscribe to our Services, create an account, sign up for a newsletter, attend an event, participate in a survey or focus group, or otherwise interact with our Services online or offline. Where required by law, we will collect this Information with permission. This includes the following categories of Information: Account and Contact Information : Name, phone number, postal address, email address, username, password, age, or birth date Payment and Purchase Information : Credit, debit or other payment card information and Information about your subscription, purchases, or discounts Demographic Information : In limited cases, physical or mental health, race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, or political affiliation Location Information : precise or coarse location (i.e., Information derived from device information associated with your IP address, country code, or address) for limited services and/or region-specific offerings Device and Other Technical Information : Information about your hardware, operating system, browser type, browser settings, your mobile carrier or Internet Service Provider, and unique identifiers associated with your device, including IP address Photos, Videos, or Audio Information : Images or recordings from your device or when you post content on our Services or otherwise submit content to us or recordings from live events. Usage and Viewing Information : Films, TV shows, and videos that you view (including title and genre, watchlists you compile, and searches you conduct), webpages, apps, and ads you see and interact with, as well as the accounts you link together, including recordings of your interactions with our Services, which may include mouse clicks, mouse movements, keystrokes, and page scrolling. When you use our Service, you consent to the recording of your interactions with us. Other Information You Provide : We will collect other Information you provide when you use our Services or participate in our events, surveys, or promotions or when you interact with us or others on our channels, pages, and accounts on social media and other companies’ platforms. For instance, we may collect chats, comments, posts, customer service communications. We may also collect biometric data if you choose to participate in one of our interactive research studies or other initiatives that involve the collection of this data. What Are Our Sources of Information? In addition to the Information we collect from you directly, WM may receive Information about you from a variety of sources, including other individuals and third-party businesses. For instance, we may collect Information about you from the following sources: Friends and Other People. We may collect Information from people you know, such as when a friend invites you to participate in an offering, makes recommendations, or discloses content to you. Companies You Direct to Disclose Information.We collect the Information you ask other companies to provide to us, such as your mobile carrier, your device carrier, or your cable or TV provider for authentication and personalization, to receive access to our content, or to participate in special events. Linked Sites and Tools. We may collect Information from websites and tools offered by companies that are not affiliated with us, but that are linked to or integrated in our Services or provide links to our Services. Your interactions with websites and tools offered by companies that are not affiliated with us are covered by the privacy policies of those companies, not this Privacy Policy. You should carefully read the privacy policies of websites and tools you use. WM Technology and Service Providers. We may receive Information from our service providers, such as companies that assist us with account validation, analytics, fraud prevention, or otherwise help us run our Services, including attractions, events and exhibits such as a film premier or influencer event. WM Advertising and Marketing Partners. We work with advertising and marketing partners, such as advertisers, app developers, publishers, and data providers that enable us to purchase or deliver ads as well as personalize, target, and measure the performance of those advertisements or campaigns. These partners may provide Information about your preferences or interests or may provide Information that is inferred or derived based on your activity and interactions with different businesses not associated with WM. Joint Venture, Promotional, or Strategic Partners . When we partner with other companies, we may receive Information from them. Publicly Available Sources. We may receive Information from publicly available sources as well. We may combine this Information with Information we collect directly from you. How Do We Use the Information We Collect? WM uses your Information to provide you an amazing set of products and services and as permitted or required by law, including as described below. Below are examples of the reasons we are collecting and using your Information. Provide Products and Services and Operate Our Business We may use your Information to develop, operate, improve, maintain, analyze, measure, and report on your use of our Services. This could include troubleshooting, testing new features, improving design or usability of our Services, and personalizing and recommending content, game play, events, or sports Services. We also use Information to support our internal business functions, including finance, accounting, and audit. Communications. We may send you communications, including by email, push notifications, or text, about purchases, your account, offers, contests, surveys, changes to policies, customer service inquiries, or to request feedback. We may also provide live support in response to your requests. We may record your comments, text, or voice communications for purposes of making features available, improving our services, and avoiding or addressing potential abuses of our Terms of Use or other concerns on behalf of our users. Advertising and Marketing. We may use your Information to model, segment, offer, market, and advertise our Services, including providing discounts or offerings from our affiliates, business partners, and select third parties. We may use your Information to provide and improve our advertising services, targeting, and measurement. For more information and options to control this, please see the How Can You Control Your Information? section or visit Ad Choices . Safety, Security, Fraud Prevention. We may use your Information to enhance the safety and security of our Services. We may also use it to verify your identity, monitor, investigate, and prevent fraud, and halt other unauthorized or illegal activity. Comply with Law and our Terms of Use. We may use your Information to comply with applicable law, such as to satisfy a tax obligation or government request. We may also use it to enforce, investigate, or report potential violations of our Terms of Use . With Your Consent. We may use your Information with your consent for other purposes described at the point of collection. Deidentified and Aggregated Information. We may use and share aggregated and deidentified information to the extent permitted by applicable law. When we use deidentified information, we maintain and use the information in deidentified form and do not attempt to reidentify it, except to check whether our deidentification processes satisfy the requirements of applicable law. How Do We Disclose the Information We Collect? WM may disclose Information to our affiliates , service providers who act on our behalf, our business partners, or others. For instance, we may disclose Information we collect to the following types of recipients: Service Providers.WM hires vendors and other companies to perform services for us such as creation, maintenance, hosting, delivery, and marketing of our online or offline Services. This may include processing payments, email and order fulfillment, administration of contests, customer service, or conducting research and analytics, including recording of mouse movements or clicks, keyboard strokes/touches, page scrolls, typed text or other interactions during a user session. We may also use service providers to enable our chat, comments or survey features, or to moderate comments and chat among our users. These chat, comment, survey or moderation service providers may obtain recordings of your comments, text or voice communications for purposes of making the feature available, improving our services, avoiding or addressing potential abuses of our Terms of Use or other concerns on behalf of our users. Affiliates. We may disclose Information to our affiliates to provide, improve, offer, market, and otherwise communicate with you about their own products and services. This Information may also be used by them for advertising. Business Partners and Third Parties. We may disclose Information to business partners and third parties (e.g., other companies, retailers, distributors, research organizations, publishers, and non-profit organizations) for their own purposes, including marketing products or services to you, showing you relevant advertising, or providing an enhanced experience that integrates with one of our Services. If we share Information with such unaffiliated third parties for their own purposes, we provide you with an opportunity to opt out of such uses either at the point of collection or through the choice mechanisms set forth in this Privacy Policy. To learn more about your choices, please see How Can You Control Your Information? below. Sponsors, Co-promotions, and Branded Programs. We may offer content or programs (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, branded community or panel programs or Social Media Site integrations) that are sponsored by or co-branded with third parties that may collect or obtain Information from participants. When you participate in our branded community or panel programs your name and contact information may also be disclosed to other participants or made public. Advertising and Marketing Companies. WM may disclose Information with advertisers, ad agencies, ad networks and platforms and other companies to provide advertising to you based on your interests. For more information, please see How Can You Control Your Information? and Ad Choices . Legal and Law enforcement Purposes. WM may disclose Information in response to legal process, for example in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement agency's request. We may disclose Information to third parties for fraud prevention, to investigate or prevent illegal activities or violations of our Terms of Use , to protect the rights and safety of others, or as otherwise required by law. Change of Control. WM may transfer Information in the event of an actual or potential business transaction, such as if one or more of our business units or assets are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or a business reorganization. Others. We may disclose Information at your direction or when you provide us with your consent to do so, for example, when we disclose information to your carrier to activate your account. What Do You Need to Know About Cookies and Other Identifiers? A cookie or other tracking technology is a small piece of script or code that is stored on your browser or device to help websites and apps remember you and collect information about your use of the Service. WM uses cookies, web beacons, SDKs, pixels and other tracking technologies (collectively referred to as “cookies”) to make your experience on our Services better. These technologies help recognize your browser or device, maintain your preferences, and provide certain features (like storing a high score on a game or saving your location). WM (including our affiliates) and third parties may use these technologies to collect information over time from apps, websites, and other digital products. We and third-party advertising companies may use this Information to help serve advertising tailored to your interests, both on and off the WM Services. These technologies also help measure advertisements across our Services, marketing emails and other third-party websites, apps, devices, and services. We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Services and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. For example, WM uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Services and for other analytics purposes. For more information, see Google’s Privacy & Terms .To opt out of Google Analytics , visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . On some Services, WM also uses Nielsen to allow users to contribute to market research. For more information, visit the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/digital-measurement/ Please see the How Can You Control Your Information? and US State Supplement sections for more information about your choices with respect to Information collected via cookies. How Can You Control Your Information? There are a number of tools and options you can use to help control how your Information is collected, used, and disclosed. Access, Deletion or Correction. To access, delete, or correct Information that we have collected about you, please log into your account or visit our Privacy Center . Residents of some US states have specific rights relating to access, deletion, and correction requests. Please visit the US State Supplement page for a description of those state-specific rights. Marketing Communications. If you would like to stop receiving email or text marketing communications from us, follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in the relevant email or respond “STOP” to the relevant text. In certain Services, you may also be able to opt out via the settings when you log into your account. WM Targeted Advertising. To opt-out of WM’s use and sharing of Information for targeted advertising purposes, please visit Ad Choices . Please note that if you opt out, WM will continue to collect and use data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising on our Services based on your activities there. Third-Party Targeted Advertising. You can also opt out of targeted advertising on websites by third parties that participate in self-regulatory programs via the following links, also available through our Ad Choices page: Browser and Device Settings. You may have more options depending on your mobile device, operating system, or browser. Please review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective devices and systems to learn more about these features and how they apply to targeted advertisements. Blocking cookies may also prevent you from accessing some of our content or Service features. Precise Location Information. To disable collection of mobile device precise location information through our apps, please access your device settings and choose to limit that collection. Cookies. See What Do You Need to Know About Cookies and Other Identifiers? for more choices about managing other technical and usage information. You can also always reach out to us at wmprivacy@warnermedia.com if you have any questions regarding your rights. How Do We Protect Your Information? WM has implemented administrative, technical and physical safeguards to help protect your Information. Unfortunately, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot assure you that Information will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way. US State Supplement Some US states require us to inform their residents about additional privacy information and rights. Please visit our US State Supplement page for additional information. What Happens If We Change or Revise This Policy? From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy and post the updated Policy here. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this Policy so that you always know our current privacy practices. How Can You Contact Us? If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy you may contact us at: wmprivacy@warnermedia.com or at Privacy Office, 230 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10003 or contact us toll free at 833-WM-PRVCY (833-967-7829) or TTY: use 711. ©2023 WarnerMedia Direct, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Max is used under license. For privacy options, please see our privacy policy: https://www.warnermediaprivacy.com/policycenter/b2c/WM/ Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label