HUAWEI Image Kit Service Agreement Effective Date: October 16, 2020 Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs The following terms (hereinafter referred to as this "Agreement") constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Huawei regarding the HUAWEI Image Kit Service. It is a supplementary agreement to the signed by and between you and Huawei, which is itself supplementary to the HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement . This Agreement stipulates your legal rights and obligations when using the HUAWEI Image Kit Service. By checking the box next to "I have read and agreed" in the AppGallery Connect agreement pop-up window to agree to all applicable agreements to AppGallery Connect services (including this Agreement), or by checking the box next to "I have read and agreed to HUAWEI Image Kit Service Agreement" below this Agreement, or by using the HUAWEI Image Kit Service under this Agreement, it shall be deemed that you have fully understood and accepted the terms of HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement Agreement on this Agreement, the Use of Huawei APIs as of the date of your such acceptance and use ("Effective Date"). Any and all matters unaccomplished herein shall be subject to the HUAWEI Developer and the . If you do not agree to Service Agreement HUAWEI Developer Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs this Agreement, the Service Agreement , you shall stop using the services under the respective agreement(s). Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs , or the , and the 1. Definitions Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, the terms in this Agreement shall have the and the same meaning as those in the Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs . Unless otherwise stated, the following terms are defined herein as below: HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement 1.1 "Image Kit" or "HUAWEI Image Kit Service" means the image processing kit provided by Huawei for Developers to develop various apps based on image design and editing capabilities. 1.2 "SDK" means a basic app development kit provided by HUAWEI Image Kit Service. 2. Rights and Obligations 2.1 Your rights and obligations (1) You may use this Service through the SDK to optimize the user interface (UI) of apps, or develop apps which can provide image design and editing functions for End Users. You may only use the Service in your app. Huawei has assigned App ID, App Secret, and API Key to your app in order to identify your app. You shall keep such items Secret, and API Key to your app in order to identify your app. You shall keep such items secure. You hereby agree not to share your App ID, App Secret, or API Key with any third party (including its affiliates) or sub-license any third party (including its affiliates) to use your App ID, App Secret, or API Key. (2) Before you upload any Personal Data through the Service, including but not limited to images and texts, you must ensure that your collection, use, transmission, and processing of such data comply with any and all applicable laws, including but not limited to laws of intellectual property rights, privacy, and personal data protection. (3) You warrant and undertake that you will not abuse the Service, use any service result you obtain from the Service for any unauthorized purposes, or use the service results to create any database or create any derivative work or sub-license such database or work to any third party, or sell or share them with any third party or use them for any illegal purposes. (4) You warrant and undertake that you will not use Image Kit for any illegal, immoral, obscene, pornographic, offensive, defamatory, or any other improper purposes. (5) You warrant and undertake that you will not encapsulate, re-distribute, or re-sell any part of the Service, or sub-license any access to the APIs of the Service, except through your apps that End Users use. (6) When you use the SDK Service, Huawei will collect the necessary API calling data for service usage analysis and improvement. The collected data includes but is not limited to Unique Device Identifier (UDID), APK version, app name, country code of the area where an API is called, device model that calls the API, client EMUI version, Android version, API call type, name and version of the used algorithm model, caller's package name, app ID, open capability or sub-capability ID, API call result, API response latency, transaction ID, carrier ID, and network connection type. (7) The Service is not available in every country and region, and Huawei makes no guarantee that it can be used in a specific location. You must choose the scope of use of the Service at your own discretion and comply with any and all applicable laws, including but not limited to any local laws. 2.2 Huawei's rights and obligations (1) Huawei reserves the right to terminate or restrict your use of the Service. (2) Huawei has the right to update the SDKs of the Service. Huawei complies with the software design principle of ensuring compatibility whenever possible.However, under certain circumstances, you may need to modify or update your apps before using the updated SDKs. You shall bear all costs incurred for making such modifications or updated SDKs. You shall bear all costs incurred for making such modifications or updates to your apps. (3) If the Service has to be suspended for system maintenance or in order for Huawei to update the SDKs, Huawei will do its best to notify you of such a suspension on the Website as early as possible. Huawei does not promise to provide the Service without interruptions or delays. Huawei shall not bear liability for any losses incurred upon you therefrom. (4) To improve Huawei's products and services, Huawei has the right to monitor the use of APIs to ensure quality and verify a Developer's compliance with the relevant terms. (5) Huawei may collect diagnostic information about your use of the Service to help improve it. 3. Privacy 3.1 Huawei will act as your data processor and process End Users' Personal Data in (which is an accordance with the integral part of this Agreement and the ) when you use the Image Kit Service. AppGallery Connect Data Processing Addendum HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement 3.2 End User Data Privacy Requirements In order to protect the privacy relating to the data uploaded by End Users, and given the Privacy Protection terms in the , you shall ensure that your app (i) notifies End Users in advance of the types of data you collect, such as texts and pictures, from End Users or End Users' devices, and (ii) does not process any of End Users' data unless it obtains explicit revocable consent from End Users. Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs 4. Termination of This Agreement 4.1 If either Party terminates the Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs the same date. HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement or the , this Agreement shall automatically terminate on 4.2 You may terminate this Agreement by disabling Image Kit and the Service for all your apps. 4.3 If Huawei decides to discontinue the Service, or to make major changes to it, Huawei has the right to terminate this Agreement after informing you in advance. 4.4 The termination of this Agreement does not entail the automatic termination of the Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement signed by and between you and Huawei. and 5. Distribution Area and Signing Huawei Entity You acknowledge and agree that the provisions regarding the distribution area and the signing Huawei entity under this Agreement shall be subject to the Clause of Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs "Contracting Entity" in the 6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution You acknowledge and agree that the provisions regarding the governing law and dispute resolution under this Agreement shall be subject to the Clause of "Governing Law and Dispute Resolution" in the HUAWEI Developer Service AgreementStatement About HUAWEI Developer and Privacy Last modified: May 30, 2020 HUAWEI Developer provides a range of services and resources for you to develop, distribute, and promote your apps, games, and themes (hereinafter referred to as "products") throughout their lifecycles within the ecosystem of HUAWEI Developer. If your products are distributed in the Chinese mainland in accordance with Part I of Exhibit A - List of Countries/Regions ("Exhibit A"), Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Huawei incorporated in the People's Republic of China, will serve as your contracting entity and data controller. If your products are distributed in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part II of Exhibit A, Aspiegel Limited, a subsidiary of Huawei incorporated in Ireland, will serve as your contracting entity and data controller. If your products are distributed in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part II of Exhibit A, Huawei Services (Hong Kong) Co., Limited., a subsidiary of Huawei incorporated in Hong Kong (China) will serve as your contracting entity and data controller. This Statement covers the following topics: 1. What data do we collect about you? 2. How do we use your data? 3. How long do we store your data? 4. Do we share your data? 5. What are your rights and choices? 6. How to contact us? 7. How do we update this statement? 1 What data do we collect about you? As part of the HUAWEI Developer services, we will collect and use your personal data, only for the purposes stated in this Statement. The "personal data" herein refers to any information that enables us to identify you as a user of the HUAWEI Developer services. For these purposes, we collect and process the following data: If you are an individual developer: • Identification information: such as legal name, identification document(s) (copy of your valid ID, such as passport, national identity card, or driver's license, and copy of your bank card), developer name/nickname, portrait uploaded by you, street address, city, country, phone number, and email address. • Financial information: such as bank name, branch name, branch number, IBAN, SWIFT code (BIC), account name, account type, K/C, tax payer ID, VAT number, tax address, tax qualification file, account number, currency type, bank country, and bank information confirmation letter. • Product management information: such as developer name, developer user ID, developer registration account (HUAWEI ID account identifier), developer type, country ID, contact information (phone number and email address), testing account(s), product package, and related technical information such as signature key, product comments, and feedback. • Network and usage information: such as IP address, language, webpage location and title, webpage request type, click events and other browsing information, brief information on problems encountered during usage, problem description and attachments, and cookie data. Learn more about how we use cookies. If you are an employee/representative of an enterprise developer: • Identification information: contact person name, job title, work phone number, and work email address. • Product management information: developer user ID, developer registration account (HUAWEI ID account identifier), contact information (phone number and email address), testing account(s), • Network and usage information: IP address, language, webpage location and title, webpage request type, click events and other browsing information, brief information on problems encountered during usage, problem description and attachments, and cookie problems encountered during usage, problem description and attachments, and cookie data. Learn about how we use cookies. more If you are a member of a developer's team account, the following additional data is collected and processed: • Account information, such as your HUAWEI ID account name, portrait uploaded by you, and email address; • Service usage information, such as service use and issues or questions that you submit; • Network information, such as your IP address; and • Information related to your team account, such as your role and the rights granted to you by the team admin. If you are using remote device testing function, the following data is collected and processed: • All testing data of your app that you have installed on the remote virtual or physical devices hosted by us. 2 How do we use your data? To provide you with the HUAWEI Developer services and fulfill contractual obligations, we will use and process your personal data so that you can distribute, manage, and monitor your apps within our ecosystem, and use other HUAWEI Developer services, such as SDKs, APIs, Kits, and testing platforms.This requires us to process your data for registration and verification, accounting and billing, promotion, partner relationship management, support and communication, software and system updates, contract management, team management, and remote device testing. We will also process your personal data in order to diagnose and resolve various problems. If you are a user of a team account, we also process personal data related to your team and your role, in order to provide you with the team account functions. If you are using 3 party services to access AppGallery Connect services, we may disclose your contact information (such as email address, phone number, name and team list) to the 3 party service provider based on your separate authorization. We may also receive personal data about you from these 3 party service providers when you use their service to connect with AppGallery Connect services. In addition, we use your personal data for the following purposes based on the In addition, we use your personal data for the following purposes based on the contracting entity's legitimate interests (if your products are distributed in the country , or on the basis of your consent (if your (ies) or region(s) listed in products are distributed in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part I or Part II of Exhibit A Part II of Exhibit A) • Analytics and development purposes: This enables us to understand our users' needs from their perspective, and to improve the quality and user experience of our current and future services and offerings. You can object to such processing, as detailed in Section 5.5 below. • Promotion and marketing purposes: This enables us to communicate with you about our offerings and create aggregated marketing targets. Knowing users' preferences allows us to target our offers and offer products and services that better cater to the needs and desires of our users. You can object to such processing, as detailed in Section 5.5 below. • Information security purposes: This enables us to detect or prevent various types of misuse of services and frauds, in order to provide you with secure and reliable services. We may send you emails to inform you of new and/or enhanced functions or features available to developers on the website, if you have given consent for such communications during registration on the HUAWEI Developer website. You can withdraw such consent at any time, as detailed in Section 5.5 below. We also process your financial and identification information for tax and accounting purposes, as required by applicable laws and regulations. 3 How long do we store your data? We retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes defined in this Statement. We will process and retain your data for the duration of the customer relationship. When you delete your HUAWEI ID account, any and all personal data related to your account and associated services, such as HUAWEI Developer services, will be erased. However, we retain: • Your financial and identification information for seven (7) years as of the day when you deleted your HUAWEI ID account, for accounting purposes; • Personal data processed for customer relationship management, such as data subject • Personal data processed for customer relationship management, such as data subject requests, complaints, and customer interaction records, for up to five (5) years from the last interaction; • Personal data processed for contract management purposes, for up to three (3) years after your HUAWEI ID account has been deleted. • Personal data that is used for analytics and development purposes, for up to twelve (12) months from the date of data collection, unless you have objected to such processing. • Your identification document(s) (copy of passport or identity card and bank card) as an individual developer and business license as an enterprise developer, which will be removed after your developer account has been deleted. • Backups and app logs, which are processed to ensure the security of your data and services, for up to six (6) months from the day when they were captured. Once the retention period expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal data, unless otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations. 4 Do we share your data? 4.1 Data storage location If you are an individual developer and located in: (i) the country/region listed in Part II of Exhibit A, your data will be stored in data centers located in the EU/EEA. (ii) the country/region listed in Part III of Exhibit A, your data will be stored in data centers located in Singapore and can be accessed for maintenance from China or India. Notwithstanding Clause 4.1(ii) herein, if you are an individual developer and located in Russia, your data will be stored in data centers located in the Russian Federation. If you use the team account functions, your team member list, which includes information on e.g., your HUAWEI ID and your role in the team, will be stored in data centers located in China. The data centers are operated by our contracted suppliers that work on our behalf. If you are an enterprise developer, your data will be stored in data centers located in China. 4.2 Data sharing 4.2 Data sharing Our business operations, such as marketing, surveys, sales promotion and business development, as well as customer support, may require that our contracted suppliers process your personal data, acting on our behalf as data processors, located outside the EU/EEA and/or Russian Federation. For verification, partner management, product management, and accounting purposes, we will transmit your contact information, product information, and financial information to a Huawei Group company in China that operates under contract, and acts on our behalf. For customer support and troubleshooting purposes, we will transmit your contact information, diagnostics information, problem description, and attachments to a Huawei Group company in China that operates under contract, and acts on our behalf. If you use the team account functions, your personal data related to the team account may be shared with the admin of your team, as well as other team members, depending on the rights they have been granted by the team admin. We may also share your data: • When required in response to a legal process or request from a competent authority, in accordance with an applicable law, or in connection with a legal proceeding or process. •When required as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets (such as service agreements), or transition of services to a Huawei Group entity or other company. When you distribute your products in the Chinese mainland, we will disclose your identification, financial, and product management information with your contracting entity in China (i.e., Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd.). In addition, as described above your personal data may be transferred, processed and stored outside of your country of residence and therefore it may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable also in those countries. 4.3 Safeguards used in data transfers If your products are distributed in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part II of Exhibit A , when we transfer or disclose your HUAWEI Developer data outside the EU /EEA, where local laws may not provide the same level of data protection, we comply with applicable legal requirements for providing adequate safeguards by incorporating standard data protection clauses into such transfers or the EU Commission disclosures. If you want to obtain a copy of the actual signed standard data protection disclosures. If you want to obtain a copy of the actual signed standard data protection clauses, please contact us We respect Hong Kong (China) Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and, if your products are distributed in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in , we are committed to complying with Hong Kong (China) Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance requirements when we transfer personal data outside of Hong Kong (China). Part III of Exhibit A 5 What are your rights and choices? You have the following rights and choices: 5.1 Access your data To request a copy and a description of your personal data that we have collected and from stored in relation to HUAWEI Developer, access the your computer. Click Log in and log in to HUAWEI Developer portal with your HUAWEI ID. Go to Settings > HUAWEI ID > Privacy Center > Request your data. HUAWEI Developer portal For additional access requests, please contact us 5.2 Rectify your data To keep your data up-to-date and accurate, access and modify your data by accessing the HUAWEI Developer portal. 5.3 Port your data To port the personal data that you have provided to us in relation to HUAWEI Developer in a commonly-used and machine readable format, access the HUAWEI Developer portal and log in to HUAWEI Developer portal with your HUAWEI ID. Go to Settings > HUAWEI ID > Privacy Center > Request your data. from your computer. Click Log in For your product package, please contact us 5.4 Erase your data You may at any time: • Delete your HUAWEI ID. As a result, your personal data will be erased. If you have products, then you will need to delete the products from your developer account before deleting your HUAWEI ID, in order to have all your personal data stored within the HUAWEI Developer services deleted. Contact us if you have any difficulty removing your information. • Object to the processing of your personal data, as detailed in . As a result, we will erase the data within the scope of a valid objection, if we no longer have legal basis to continue said processing. Section 5.5 Contact us data should be erased.if you think the processing of your personal data is unlawful, and that your We will erase or anonymize your personal data within a reasonable period of time, based on your aforementioned actions, and in accordance with the retention periods as described in Section 3 5.5 Withdraw your consent If you opted to receive electronic direct marketing from us, you can withdraw your consent by going to I agree to receive promotional offers from HUAWEI Developer . After doing so, you will no longer receive promotional offers from HUAWEI Developer. Console > Settings > Profile and unchecking 5.6 Object processing If you want to object to the processing of your data for analytics, please contact us When making a request, please specify the scope of the request, and provide us with the email address or phone number that you use to log in to your HUAWEI ID. We will contact you to verify your identity, in order to proceed with your request. 5.7 Restrict processing If you want to restrict the processing of your personal data, please the right to restrict the processing of your data under the following circumstances: contact us . You have • Your data is unlawfully processed, but you do not want to erase it; • You have a legal claim that you need to establish, exercise, or defend, and you requested us to keep your data when we would not otherwise keep it; • Your request for objection is pending our verification process; or • You have contested the accuracy of your personal data, and the accuracy of your data is pending our verification process; When submitting your request, please specify the scope and basis of the request, and provide us with the email address or phone number that you use to log in to your HUAWEI ID. We will contact you to verify your identity, in order to proceed with your request. 6 How to contact us? You can find information about how to exercise your data subject's rights in . If you have any questions on your rights as a data subject, or how we process your personal data, or if you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, please contact us Section 5 Part I of Exhibit A For product distributions in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in your contracting entity and data controller will be Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd. (No. 101, Software Road, Yuhuatai District, Nanjing P. R. China). For product distributions in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part II of Exhibit A your contracting entity and data controller will be Aspiegel Limited. (1F, Simmonscourt House, Ballsbridge, Dublin, D04 W9H6 Ireland. Registration number 561134). For product distributions in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part III of Exhibit A your contracting entity and data controller will be Huawei Services (Hong Kong) Co., Limited. (Room 03, 9/F, Tower 6, The Gateway, No.9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong, P.R. China). If you believe that we are not processing your personal data in accordance with this Statement, or the applicable data protection laws, you can lodge a complaint with your data protection authority, or the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland. 7 How do we update this statement? We recommend that you regularly check for the latest version of this Statement from the HUAWEI Developer portal settings, as we may update it from time to time. In the event of material changes to this Statement, we will notify you in advance by means of of material changes to this Statement, we will notify you in advance by means of notification dialogs, push messages, emails, and other methods, depending on the nature of the change. Exhibit A - List of Countries/Regions No. Countries/Regions. Part I Chinese mainland. Part II Aland Islands, Albania, Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bonaire, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Curacao, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dutch Caribbean, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, New Zealand, North Macedonia, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Ireland, Romania, Saba, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, San Marino, Serbia, Sint Eustatius, Sint Maarten, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, St. Martin, St. Pierre and Miquelon (France), Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Vatican City; before June 9, 2020: Japan and Republic of Korea are also included in this Part II; on or after Jun 9, 2020: Japan and Republic of Korea will no longer be included in this Part II. Other countries and regions; before Jun 9, 2020: Japan and Republic of Korea are not included in Part III before Jun 9, 2020: Japan and Republic of Korea are not included in this Part III; on or after Jun 9, 2020: Japan and Republic of Korea will be included in this Part III.AppGallery Connect Data Processing Addendum Terms last modified: April 1, 2020. The customer agreeing to these terms ("Customer"), and Huawei as defined in the HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement (collectively "Parties" and individually "Party"), have entered into agreements under which Huawei has agreed to provide AppGallery Connect ("AGC") Services (as described in AppGallery Connect Service and Agreement which specifically reference the AppGallery Connect Data Processing Addendum (as amended from time to time) ("Agreements"). Each person signing or by other means accepting this AppGallery Connect Data Processing Addendum ("DPA") represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorized and has legal capacity to enter into this DPA on behalf of the Party he or she represents and to bind that Party to this DPA. This DPA will be effective and replace any data processing and security terms previously concluded between the Parties as from the Effective Date (as defined below). 1. Introduction This DPA reflects the Parties' Agreements with respect to the terms governing the Processing and security of Customer Data under the Agreements, when Huawei is providing AppGallery Connect Services requested by Customer. This DPA is effective only for the Customer's HUAWEI ID account it was agreed for. If Customer owns multiple HUAWEI ID accounts, a DPA will be contracted for each individual HUAWEI ID account separately. This DPA supplements the Agreements and shall apply to the Parties if and insofar as Huawei Processes Personal Data on behalf of Customer as a Processor when providing the AGC Services to Customer. This DPA shall be valid and legally binding only for the natural or legal person that registered a HUAWEI ID account and only for the AGC Services provided by Huawei directly to that respective HUAWEI ID account. In the event of a conflict, this DPA shall take precedence over the Agreements. In the event of a conflict between the DPA and the Standard Contractual Clauses (in Annex 2) or the Data Transfer Agreement (in Annex 3), the latter shall take precedence over this DPA 2. Definitions 2. Definitions 2.1 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this DPA have the meanings set out in the Agreements. In this DPA, unless stated otherwise: 2.1.1 "HUAWEI ID account" has the same meaning as HUAWEI ID in HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement. 2.1.2 "Additional Product" means a product, service or application provided by Huawei or a third party that: (a) is not part of the AGC Services; and (b) is accessible for use within the user interface of the AGC Services or is otherwise integrated with the AGC Services. 2.1.3 "Affiliate" has the meaning given in the Agreements or, if not such meaning is given, means with respect to any entity, any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity. "Control" refers to a party's ownership, directly or indirectly, of the shares or other securities representing thirty percent (30%) or more of the voting rights for the election of board members (or other management executives) in the controlled party or the party under common control. 2.1.4 "Applicable Laws and Regulations" means any privacy or data protection laws, regulations and rules that apply to the Processing of Customer Personal Data at each given time, such as the GDPR and any laws and rules which supersede the former, as applicable. 2.1.5 "Customer Data" means Personal Data provided by Customer or Customer End Users via the Services under the HUAWEI ID account. 2.1.6 "Customer End Users" means the users of Customer's services (for example, the users of a Customer app). 2.1.7 "Customer Personal Data" means the Personal Data contained within the Customer Data. 2.1.8 "Effective Date" means the date on which Customer accepted, or the Parties otherwise agreed to, this DPA. 2.1.9 "EEA" means the European Economic Area. 2.1.10 "GDPR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC. 2.1.11 "Huawei's Third Party Auditor" means a Huawei-appointed, qualified and independent third Party auditor, whose then-current identity Huawei will disclose to Customer. 2.1.12 "ISO 27001 Certification" means an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification or a comparable certification for the Audited Services. 2.1.13 "Notification Email Address" means the email address(es) designated by Customer in the AGC to receive certain notifications from Huawei. 2.1.14 "Personal Data Breach" means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Customer Data on systems managed by or otherwise Processed by Huawei."Personal Data Breach" will not include unsuccessful Security Incident described in Clause 5.7. 2.1.15 "Security Measures" has the meaning given in Clause 4.1.1. 2.1.16 "Security Documentation" means all certificates made available by Huawei under Clause 4.4.1. 2.1.17 "Services" has the meaning all the services provided by Huawei to the Customer under the different Agreements entered into by Customer on the Huawei Developer platform as defined in the Huawei Developer Service Agreement. 2.1.18 "Sub-processors" means third parties authorized under this DPA to have logical access to and Process Customer Data in order to provide parts of the Services. 2.1.19 "Term" means the period from the Effective Date until the end of Huawei's provision of the Services, including, if applicable, any period during which provision of the Services may be suspended and any post-termination period during which Huawei may continue providing the Services for transitional purposes. 2.2 The terms "Personal Data", "Data Subject", "Processing", "Controller", "Processor" and "Supervisory Authority" as used in this DPA have the meanings given in the Applicable Laws and Regulations. Should any of the terms in 2.1 have a different meaning under Applicable Laws and Regulations, then the meaning given to the term in the Applicable Laws and Regulations shall prevail. 3. Roles, Scope of Processing, and General Obligations 3.1 The Parties acknowledge and agree that: 3.1 The Parties acknowledge and agree that: 3.1.1 For the Processing of Personal Data under this DPA, Customer shall be regarded as the Controller and Huawei shall be regarded as the Processor as defined under Applicable Laws and Regulations. 3.1.2 Each Party undertakes to comply with its obligations under the Applicable Laws and Regulations. Each Party is solely responsible for compliance with the obligations of the Applicable Laws and Regulations which apply to it. As between the Parties, the Customer shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, and legality of Personal Data and the means by which the Customer acquired the Personal Data. 3.1.3 Processor shall Process Personal Data only in accordance with this DPA, and/or to the extent necessary to provide the AGC Services to Customer under the Agreements. 3.1.4 In order to perform the AGC Services to Customer, Huawei shall Process Customer Personal Data. Huawei may not use Customer Personal Data for its own purposes. 3.1.5 The Agreements and this DPA shall be seen as instructions from Customer to Huawei for the Processing of Personal Data. Additional instructions outside the scope of the Agreements or this DPA (if any) require prior written Agreements between Customer and Huawei, including Agreements on any additional fees payable by Customer to Huawei for carrying out such instructions. Customer is entitled to terminate this DPA and the Agreements if Huawei refuses to follow instructions reasonably required by Customer that are outside the scope of, or changed from, those given in this DPA or the Agreements. 3.1.6 Huawei will comply with the instructions described in Clause 3.1.5 unless applicable law to which Huawei is subject requires other Processing of Customer Personal Data by Huawei, in which case Huawei will inform Customer (unless that law prohibits Huawei from doing so on important grounds of public interest) via the Notification Email Address. 3.1.7 In order to perform the AGC Services to Customer, Huawei shall Process the Personal Data to comply with Applicable Laws and Regulations, and other laws that Huawei may be subject to. 3.2 Without prejudice to Clause 3.1.1, if Customer is a Processor, Customer warrants to Huawei, which will be acting as Sub-processor, that Customer's instructions and actions with respect to that Customer Personal Data, including its appointment of Huawei as another Processor, have been authorized by the relevant Controller. 3.3 If Customer requests Huawei to comply with any privacy or data protection laws and 3.3 If Customer requests Huawei to comply with any privacy or data protection laws and regulations that would otherwise not apply to Huawei's Processing of Customer Personal Data, Huawei reserves the right to, at its sole discretion, (i) either reject the Customer requirement, if compliance is commercially unreasonable; or (ii) comply with the new requirements, if commercially reasonable, upon payment of a fee determined by Huawei. 3.4 If Customer uses any Additional Product, the Services may allow that Additional Product to access Customer Personal Data as required for the interoperation of the Additional Product with the Services. For clarity, this DPA does not apply to the Processing of Personal Data in connection with the provision of any Additional Product used by Customer, including Personal Data transmitted to or from that Additional Product. 4.Data Security 4.1 Huawei's Security Measures, Controls and Assistance 4.1.1 Huawei's Security Measures Huawei implements the appropriate physical, technical, and organizational security measures to protect Customer data throughout its lifecycle according to common industry standards to prevent data breach, damage, or loss and ensure security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of Customer data. The measures are including but not limited to communication and storage encryption, data center access control, access minimization, and recording access to Personal Data systems as detailed on Annex 1. In order to respond to the new identified security threats and vulnerabilities the security measures will be updated in time to time in such manner that overall security of the services is ensured. 4.1.2 Security Compliance by Huawei Staff and Sub-processors Huawei will take appropriate steps to ensure compliance with the Security Measures by its employees, contractors and Sub-processors to the extent applicable to their scope of performance, including ensuring that all persons authorized to Process Customer Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality. 4.1.3 Additional Security Controls As an additional security control, Huawei validates the efficiency of the security measures of AGC via periodical security tests by internal or independent third party as well as continues to upkeep the relevant security certificates. 4.1.4 Huawei's Security Assistance 4.1.4 Huawei's Security Assistance Customer agrees that Huawei will (taking into account the nature of the Processing of Customer Personal Data and the information available to Huawei, and any restrictions on disclosing the information, such as confidentiality) assist Customer in ensuring compliance with any of Customer's obligations in respect of security of Personal Data and Personal Data Breaches, including Customer's obligations pursuant to Applicable Laws and Regulation, including, if applicable, Articles 32 to 34 (inclusive) of the GDPR, by: a) Implementing and maintaining the Security Measures in accordance with Clause 4.1.1 (Huawei's Security Measures); b) Complying with the terms of Clause 5 (Personal Date Breach); and c) Providing Customer with the Security Documentation in accordance with Clause 4.4.1 (Reviews of Security Documentation) and the information contained in the applicable Agreement including this Data Processing Amendment. 4.2 Customer's Security Responsibilities and Assessment 4.2.1 Customer's Security Responsibilities Customer agrees that, without prejudice to Huawei's obligations under Clause 4.1 (Huawei's Security Measures, Controls and Assistance.) and Clause 5 (Personal Data Breach): a) Customer is solely responsible for its use of the Services, including: i. Making appropriate use of the Services to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk in respect of the Customer Data; ii. Securing the account authentication credentials, systems and devices Customer uses to access the Services; iii. Backing up its Customer Data as appropriate; and b) Huawei has no obligation to protect copies of Customer Data that Customer elects to store or transfer outside of Huawei's and its Sub-processors' systems (for example, offline or on-premises storage). 4.2.2 Customer's Security Assessment 4.2.2.1 Customer is solely responsible for reviewing the Security Documentation and 4.2.2.1 Customer is solely responsible for reviewing the Security Documentation and evaluating for itself whether the Services, the Security Measures, the Additional Security Controls and Huawei's commitments under this Clause 4 (Data Security) will meet Customer's needs, including with respect to any security obligations of Customer under Applicable Laws and Regulations. 4.2.2.2 Customer acknowledges and agrees that (taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the Processing of Customer Personal Data as well as the risks to individuals) the Security Measures implemented and maintained by Huawei as set out in Clause 4.1.1 (Huawei's Security Measures) provide a level of security appropriate to the risk in respect of the Customer Data. 4.3 Security Certifications and Reports Huawei will do the following to ensure the continued effectiveness of the Security Measures: 4.3.1 Huawei will use independent external auditors to verify the adequacy of its security measures. 4.3.2 The audit will be performed (i) according to ISO 27001 standards or such other substantially equivalent standards; (ii) at reasonable intervals; and (iii) by independent third party auditors at Huawei's selection and expense. 4.3.3 The audit will generate (a) relevant certificates (Security Documentation); and (b) an audit report, which will be Huawei's confidential information.4.4 Reviews and Audits of Compliance 4.4.1 Reviews of Security Documentation In addition to the information contained in this DPA, upon Customer's request, and provided that the parties have an applicable NDA in place, Huawei will make available Security Documentation and other documentation Huawei deems necessary to demonstrate compliance by Huawei with its obligations under this DPA. 4.4.2 Customer's Audit Rights If Customer's review of Huawei's Security Documentation in accordance with Clause 4.4.1 is not enough for Customer to reasonably verify Huawei's compliance with its obligations under this DPA: a) Huawei will allow Customer or an independent auditor appointed by Customer to a) Huawei will allow Customer or an independent auditor appointed by Customer to conduct an audit (including an inspection) to verify Huawei's compliance with its obligations under this DPA in accordance with Clause 4.4.3 (Additional Business Terms for Reviews and Audits). Huawei will contribute to such audits as described in Clause 4.3 (Security Certifications and Reports) and this Clause 4.4 (Reviews and Audits of Compliance). b) If Customer has entered into Standard Contract Clauses as described in Clause 8.2 (Data Locations and Transfers), Huawei will, without prejudice to any audit rights of a Supervisory Authority under such Standard Contract Clauses, allow Customer or an independent auditor appointed by Customer to conduct audits as described in the Standard Contract Clauses in accordance with Clause 4.4.3 (Additional Business Terms for Reviews and Audits). 4.4.3 Additional Business Terms for Reviews and Audits 4.4.3.1 Customer must send written requests for reviews or audits under Clauses 4.4.1 and 4.4.2 to Huawei at https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/support/feedback 4.4.3.2 Following receipt by Huawei of a request under Clause 4.4.3.1, Huawei and Customer will discuss and agree in advance on the reasonable start date, scope and duration of and security and confidentiality controls applicable to any audit under Clause 4.4.2. 4.4.3.3 The audit will include only material necessary to verify Huawei's compliance with this DPA and it will not include any material which Huawei is obligated to keep confidential based on a contractual requirement. 4.4.3.4 Huawei may charge a fee (based on the reasonable costs occurred to Huawei) for any audit under Clause 4.4.2. Huawei will provide Customer with further details of any applicable fee, and the basis of its calculation, in advance of any such audit. Customer will be responsible for any fees charged by any auditor appointed by Customer to execute any such audit. 4.4.3.5 Huawei may object in writing to an auditor appointed by Customer to conduct any audit under Clause 4.4.2 if the auditor is, in Huawei's reasonable opinion, not suitably qualified or in dependent, a competitor of Huawei, or otherwise manifestly unsuitable. Any such objection by Huawei will require Customer to appoint another auditor or conduct the audit itself. 5. Personal Data Breach 5.1 Where required by Applicable Laws and Regulations, Huawei shall notify Customer without undue delay after becoming aware of a Personal Data Breach. Taking into account the information reasonably available to it, Huawei shall use its best commercial efforts to address the following in the notification: a) Description of the nature of the Personal Data Breach including, where possible, the categories and approximate number of Data Subjects concerned; b) Name and contact details of Huawei's data protection officer or other point of contact where more information can be obtained; c) Description of the likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach; d) Description of the measures taken to address the Personal Data Breach, including where appropriate measures to mitigate its possible adverse effects. 5.2 Where it is not possible to provide the information at the same time, the information may be provided in phases without undue further delay. 5.3 Huawei will promptly take the necessary and appropriate actions to investigate, mitigate and remediate any effects of a Personal Data Breach, and provide assistance to Customer to ensure that Customer can comply with specific obligations under Data Protection Legislation it may be subject to in relation to the Personal Data Breach. 5.4 Notification of any Data Incident will be delivered to the Notification Email Address or, at Huawei's discretion, by direct communication (for example, by phone call or an in- person meeting). Customer is solely responsible for ensuring that the Notification Email Address is current and valid. 5.5 Huawei will not assess the contents of Customer Data in order to identify information subject to any specific legal requirements.Without prejudice to Huawei's obligations under this Clause 6 (Assistance to the Controller), Customer is solely responsible for complying with incident notification laws applicable to Customer and fulfilling any third party notification obligations related to any Data Incident(s). 5.6 Huawei's notification of or response to a Data Incident under this Clause 6 (Assistance to the Controller) will not be construed as an acknowledgement by Huawei of any fault or liability with respect to the Data Incident. 5.7 Customer agrees that an unsuccessful Security Incident will not be subject to this Clause 5 (Personal Data Breach). An unsuccessful Security Incident is one that results in no unauthorized access to Customer Data or to any of Huawei's equipment or facilities storing Customer Data, and may include, without limitation, pings and other broadcast storing Customer Data, and may include, without limitation, pings and other broadcast attacks on firewalls or edge servers, port scans, unsuccessful log-on attempts, denial of service attacks, packet sniffing (or other unauthorized access to traffic data that does not result in access beyond headers) or similar incidents. 6. Assistance to the Controller 6.1 To the extent required by Applicable Laws and Regulations and taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information reasonably available, Huawei shall provide Customer with reasonable assistance with regards to: 6.1.1 ensuring compliance with Controller's obligations pursuant to Applicable Laws and Regulations; 6.1.2 making available to Controller all reasonable information necessary to demonstrate compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations; 6.1.3 where applicable, performing the necessary data protection impact assessments and prior consultation procedures as mentioned in articles 35 and 36 GDPR, respectively; 6.1.4 providing the information contained in the Agreements including this DPA. 6.2 Where assistance requested by Customer and provided by Huawei in accordance with Clause 6.1 is not part of the AGC Services and Huawei's regular activities related thereto, Huawei may charge Customer for the reasonable costs occurring to Huawei for such assistance. 6.3 Where required by Applicable Laws and Regulations, Huawei shall maintain a record of all categories of Processing activities carried out on behalf of the Customer. Accordingly Customer will, where requested, provide such information to Huawei. 6.3.1 The records of processing shall contain the information required in article 30.2 of the GDPR, as applicable. 6.3.2 Huawei shall make such information available to the Supervisory Authorities, on request. 6.3.3 Huawei shall maintain the records of processing in electronic form. 7. Data Subject Rights 7.1 To the extent required by Applicable Laws and Regulations, Huawei provides technical capabilities to assist Customer in fulfilling its obligations towards Data Subjects requests, in a manner consistent with the functionalities of the AGC Services, Subjects requests, in a manner consistent with the functionalities of the AGC Services, as described in Clauses 7.2 to 7.4 below. Customer will have access to such capabilities on the AGC. 7.2 Huawei shall enable Customer to delete Customer Data during the Term in a manner consistent with the functionality of the AGC Services. When Customer uses the delete capability Customer Data cannot be recovered by Customer. Huawei will comply with Customer's deletion instruction and remove Customer Data from Huawei's systems in accordance with applicable laws, and as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless any law or regulation to which Huawei is subject requires longer storage. 7.3 During the Term, Huawei has no direct relationship with the Data Subject and shall take commercially reasonable efforts to inform Data Subjects to contact Customer first, if it receives any request from a Data Subject in relation to Customer Personal Data. Customer will be responsible for responding to any such request including, where possible, by using the functionalities made available within the AGC Services. 7.4 Huawei shall reasonably cooperate with Customer and assist Customer with respect to any action taken relating to such request, complaint, order or other document as described under Clause 7.1 above. As far as reasonably possible and taking into account the nature of the Processing, the information available to Huawei, industry practices and costs, Huawei will implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to provide Controller with such cooperation and assistance. Huawei may charge Customer for the reasonable costs occurring to Huawei for any assistance which Huawei considers to go beyond the aforementioned cooperation and assistance measures. 8. Data Location and Transfers 8.1 Huawei shall store Customer Data solely in data centers communicated to Customer by Huawei.The Customer Personal Data is located in data centers determined by the area of distribution selected by Customer unless Huawei specifically defines a different solution in Exceptions to the selection of data location set out in Data Processing Information Data Center Location . Information about the data centers is available in AppGallery Connect 8.2 Due to the Huawei entity providing the AGC Services establishment location, and the Customer establishment location or the Customer Data Subjects' location, the Processing by Huawei may be subject to the Standard Contractual Clauses in Annex 2 or the Data Transfer Agreement in Annex 3, to which both Huawei and Customer conform, and hereby agree to. For avoidance of doubt, the Data Transfer Agreement applies only if the GDPR does not apply to the Processing. Without prejudice to Clause 9.2, Huawei may transfer data if it is required by applicable law to which Huawei is subject, provided that Huawei informs the Customer of that legal requirement before Processing, unless that Huawei informs the Customer of that legal requirement before Processing, unless the law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest. 8.3. If the transfer of data in accordance to Clause 8.2 or 9.2 requires under Applicable Laws and Regulations an approval from an authority, the Customer shall obtain the necessary approval prior to such transfer. The Customer and Huawei agree to deposit and /or file (as applicable) a copy of this Agreement with any relevant authority if it so requests or if such filing and/or deposit is required under the Applicable Laws and Regulations. 9. Sub-processors 9.1 Huawei will engage Sub-Processors to carry out Processing activities. Where required by Applicable Laws and Regulations, Huawei will impose data protection obligations on the Sub-Processors which are substantially the same as those set out in this DPA, in particular in relation to the implementation of appropriate technical and organizational measures. Customer hereby provides Huawei with a general authorization to engage Sub-Processors. Huawei shall make available, the information regarding any changes concerning the engagement or replacement of a Sub-Processor, to Customer via the AGC or by other appropriate means. For the lists of the Sub-Processors, Customer shall refer to Co., Limited 's Sub-Processors Processors included in the list on the Effective Date. . Customer is deemed to have accepted all Sub- Aspiegel Limited 's Sub-Processors Huawei Services (Hong Kong) and 9.2 If a Sub-processor, engaged in accordance with Clause 9.1 above, is established or otherwise Processes Customer Data outside the country where Customer and/or Huawei are located and a data transfer agreement is required under Applicable Laws and Regulations, Customer hereby authorizes Huawei, in the name of and on behalf of the Customer, to enter into a data processing agreement with such Sub-Processor that incorporates the Data Transfer Agreement as provided by Annex 3, unless Applicable Laws and Regulations requires entering into Standard Contractual Clauses as provided by Annex 2, in which case the data processing agreement shall incorporate such clauses. Huawei shall clearly indicate in the Data Transfer Agreement or Standard Contractual Clauses, as applicable, that it acts on behalf of the Customer. Customer shall take into account Clause 8.3. 9.3 Customer shall have the right to object to a new Sub-Processor with reasonable grounds by sending a written notice to Huawei at https://developer.huawei.com /consumer/en/support/feedback Processor. If Huawei chooses to engage the new Sub-Processor despite Customer's objection in accordance with this Clause 9.3, Customer shall have the right to terminate the Agreements. within 14 days after becoming aware of the new Sub- 9.4 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event Huawei uses Sub-Processors, Huawei shall, 9.4 For the avoidance of doubt, in the event Huawei uses Sub-Processors, Huawei shall, pursuant to Applicable Laws and Regulations, remain fully liable to the Customer for the fulfilment of its obligations under this DPA. 10. Liability 10.1 Each Party is liable for damages incurred by the other Party which are caused directly by a Party's breach of the commitments made in this DPA, subject to the limitations and exclusions of liability agreed in the Agreements. 10.2 Provided that Customer is not in breach of this DPA, Huawei shall indemnify and keep Customer harmless from any claim or proceedings (including reasonable legal fees) brought against Customer by a third party as a result of a breach by Huawei of its data protection commitments in this DPA. Huawei shall be entitled to take control of the defense and investigation of such claim, or any proceedings, and shall employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend the same, at Huawei's sole cost and expense.10.3 Notwithstanding any other provisions in this DPA, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for: a) loss of profits; b) loss of business; c) loss of revenue; d) damage to goodwill or any similar losses; e) anticipated savings; f) loss of use; and g) any punitive, other indirect or, consequential loss or damage. 11. Changes to this DPA 11.1 From time to time, Huawei may change any URL referenced in this DPA and the content at any such URL. 11.2 Huawei may change this DPA if the change: a) is expressly permitted by this DPA, including as described in Clause 11.1; b) reflects a change in the name or form of a legal entity; b) reflects a change in the name or form of a legal entity; c) is required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency; or d) does not: (i) result in a degradation of the overall security of the Services; (ii) expand the scope of, or remove any restrictions on, Huawei's Processing of Customer Personal Data, as described in Clause 3.1 (Huawei's Compliance with Instructions); and (iii) otherwise have a material adverse impact on Customer's rights under this DPA, as reasonably determined by Huawei. 11.3 If Huawei intends to change this DPA under Clause 11.2(c) or (d), Huawei will inform Customer at least 30 days (or such shorter period as may be required to comply with applicable law, applicable regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or agency) before the change will take effect by either: (a) sending an email to the Notification Email Address; or (b) alerting Customer via the AGC. If Customer objects to any such change, Customer may terminate the Agreements by sending a written notice to Huawei at https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en /support/feedback within 90 days after being informed of the change. 12. Term and Termination 12.1 This DPA shall take effect from the Effective Date and, continues until the termination or expiration of the Agreements. Notwithstanding the termination or the expiration of the Agreements, the DPA will remain in effect until, and automatically expire upon, deletion of all Customer Data by Huawei as described in clause 12.2 below. 12.2 Huawei shall, upon termination or expiration of this DPA, delete all Customer Data (including existing copies) from Huawei's systems in accordance with Applicable Laws and Regulations. Huawei will comply with this instruction as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless Applicable Laws and Regulations require storage. 12.3 Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer will be responsible for exporting to its own systems, before the Term expires, or the termination of the DPA, any Customer Data it wishes to retain afterwards. ANNEX 1: Security Measures As from the Effective Date, Huawei will implement and maintain the Security Measures set out in this ANNEX 1. Huawei may update or modify such Security Measures from time to time provided that such updates and modifications do not result in the time to time provided that such updates and modifications do not result in the degradation of the overall security of the AGC Services. 1. Data Center and Network Security Huawei uses third party data centers that are geographically distributed within selected region, in which the cloud provider is required to have sufficient security measures in place. 2. Data (a) Data Storage and Isolation. Huawei stores data on multi-tenant environment on third party servers. The data and file system architecture are replicated between multiple geographically dispersed data centers. Huawei isolates the Customer's data logically. (b) Decommissioned Disks and Disk Erase Policy. Disks containing data may experience performance issues, errors or hardware failure that lead them to be decommissioned ("Decommissioned Disk"). Every Decommissioned Disk is subject to a series of data destruction processes that is handled by the Data Center operator. 3. Access Control 3.1 Data Access by Customer Customer's administrators must authenticate themselves via a central authentication system with two-factors authentication in order to administer the Services. 3.2 Internal Data Access Policy. Huawei employs a centralized access management system that are integrated to LDAP system to control personnel access to production servers, and only provides role-based access to a limited number of authorized personnel. Huawei requires the use of unique user IDs, strong passwords, two factor authentication and carefully monitored access lists to minimize the potential for unauthorized account use. The granting or modification of access rights is based on: the authorized personnel's job responsibilities; job duty requirements necessary to perform authorized tasks; and a need to know basis. 4.Personnel Security Huawei personnel are required to conduct themselves in a manner consistent with the company's guidelines regarding confidentiality, business ethics, appropriate usage, and professional standards. Huawei conducts reasonably appropriate backgrounds checks to professional standards. Huawei conducts reasonably appropriate backgrounds checks to the extent legally permissible and in accordance with applicable local labor law and statutory regulations. Personnel are required to execute a confidentiality agreement and must acknowledge receipt of, and compliance with, Huawei's confidentiality and privacy policies. Personnel are provided with security training and their knowledge of security and privacy policies are evaluated periodically. Furthermore the latest security news from the world are delivered to personnel periodically to improve their awareness. Personnel handling Customer Data are required to complete additional requirements appropriate to their role (e.g., Huawei Cyber Security Certification). Huawei's personnel will not process Customer Data without authorization. ANNEX 2: Standard Contractual Clauses (processors) For the purposes of Article 26(2) of Directive 95/46/EC for the transfer of personal data to processors established in third countries which do not ensure an adequate level of data protection Name of the data exporting organisation: Customer as defined in the AGC Agreements and the DPA (the data exporter) And Name of the data importing organisation: Tel.:……………………………………………………..; fax: ……………………………………………………..; e-mail:……………………………………………………..; or Other information needed to identify the organisation: ………………………………………………………………… ……………………………………………… (the data importer) each a "party"; together "the parties", each a "party"; together "the parties", HAVE AGREED on the following Contractual Clauses (the Clauses) in order to adduce adequate safeguards with respect to the protection of privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals for the transfer by the data exporter to the data importer of the personal data specified in Appendix 1. Clause 1 Definitions For the purposes of the Clauses: (a) 'personal data', 'special categories of data', 'process/processing', 'controller', 'processor', 'data subject' and 'supervisory authority' shall have the same meaning as in Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data ; (b) 'the data exporter' means the controller who transfers the personal data; (c) 'the data importer' means the processor who agrees to receive from the data exporter personal data intended for processing on his behalf after the transfer in accordance with his instructions and the terms of the Clauses and who is not subject to a third country's system ensuring adequate protection within the meaning of Article 25(1) of Directive 95 /46/EC; (d)'the subprocessor' means any processor engaged by the data importer or by any other subprocessor of the data importer who agrees to receive from the data importer or from any other subprocessor of the data importer personal data exclusively intended for processing activities to be carried out on behalf of the data exporter after the transfer in accordance with his instructions, the terms of the Clauses and the terms of the written subcontract; (e) 'the applicable data protection law' means the legislation protecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals and, in particular, their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data applicable to a data controller in the Member State in which the data exporter is established; (f) 'technical and organizational security measures' means those measures aimed at protecting personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. Clause 2 Details of the transfer The details of the transfer and in particular the special categories of personal data where applicable are specified in Appendix 1 which forms an integral part of the Clauses. Clause 3 Third-party beneficiary clause 1. The data subject can enforce against the data exporter this Clause, Clause 4(b) to (i), Clause 5(a) to (e), and (g) to (j), Clause 6(1) and (2), Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12 as third-party beneficiary. 2.The data subject can enforce against the data importer this Clause, Clause 5(a) to (e) and (g), Clause 6, Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12, in cases where the data exporter has factually disappeared or has ceased to exist in law unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract or by operation of law, as a result of which it takes on the rights and obligations of the data exporter, in which case the data subject can enforce them against such entity. 3. The data subject can enforce against the subprocessor this Clause, Clause 5(a) to (e) and (g), Clause 6, Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12, in cases where both the data exporter and the data importer have factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract or by operation of law as a result of which it takes on the rights and obligations of the data exporter, in which case the data subject can enforce them against such entity. Such third-party liability of the subprocessor shall be limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses. 4. The parties do not object to a data subject being represented by an association or other body if the data subject so expressly wishes and if permitted by national law. Clause 4 Obligations of the data exporter The data exporter agrees and warrants: (a) that the processing, including the transfer itself, of the personal data has been and will continue to be carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable data protection law (and, where applicable, has been notified to the relevant authorities of the Member State where the data exporter is established) and does not violate the relevant provisions of that State; (b) that it has instructed and throughout the duration of the personal data processing services will instruct the data importer to process the personal data transferred only on the data exporter's behalf and in accordance with the applicable data protection law and the Clauses; (c) that the data importer will provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures specified in Appendix 2 to this contract; (d) that after assessment of the requirements of the applicable data protection law, the security measures are appropriate to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing, and that these measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks presented by the processing and the nature of the data to be protected having regard to the state of the art and the cost of their implementation; (e) that it will ensure compliance with the security measures; (f) that, if the transfer involves special categories of data, the data subject has been informed or will be informed before, or as soon as possible after, the transfer that its data could be transmitted to a third country not providing adequate protection within the meaning of Directive 95/46/EC; (g) to forward any notification received from the data importer or any subprocessor pursuant to Clause 5(b) and Clause 8(3) to the data protection supervisory authority if the data exporter decides to continue the transfer or to lift the suspension; (h) to make available to the data subjects upon request a copy of the Clauses, with the exception of Appendix 2, and a summary description of the security measures, as well as a copy of any contract for subprocessing services which has to be made in accordance with the Clauses, unless the Clauses or the contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial information; (i) that, in the event of subprocessing, the processing activity is carried out in accordance with Clause 11 by a subprocessor providing at least the same level of protection for the personal data and the rights of data subject as the data importer under the Clauses; and (j) that it will ensure compliance with Clause 4(a) to (i).Clause 5 Obligations of the data importer The data importer agrees and warrants: (a) to process the personal data only on behalf of the data exporter and in compliance with its instructions and the Clauses; if it cannot provide such compliance for whatever reasons, it agrees to inform promptly the data exporter of its inability to comply, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the contract; (b) that it has no reason to believe that the legislation applicable to it prevents it from fulfilling the instructions received from the data exporter and its obligations under the contract and that in the event of a change in this legislation which is likely to have a substantial adverse effect on the warranties and obligations provided by the Clauses, it will promptly notify the change to the data exporter as soon as it is aware, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the contract; (c) that it has implemented the technical and organizational security measures specified in Appendix 2 before processing the personal data transferred; (d) that it will promptly notify the data exporter about: (i) any legally binding request for disclosure of the personal data by a law enforcement authority unless otherwise prohibited, such as a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation, (ii) any accidental or unauthorized access, and (iii) any request received directly from the data subjects without responding to that request, unless it has been otherwise authorized to do so; (e) to deal promptly and properly with all inquiries from the data exporter relating to its processing of the personal data subject to the transfer and to abide by the advice of the supervisory authority with regard to the processing of the data transferred; (f) at the request of the data exporter to submit its data processing facilities for audit of the processing activities covered by the Clauses which shall be carried out by the data exporter or an inspection body composed of independent members and in possession of exporter or an inspection body composed of independent members and in possession of the required professional qualifications bound by a duty of confidentiality, selected by the data exporter, where applicable, in Agreements with the supervisory authority; (g) to make available to the data subject upon request a copy of the Clauses, or any existing contract for subprocessing, unless the Clauses or contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial information, with the exception of Appendix 2 which shall be replaced by a summary description of the security measures in those cases where the data subject is unable to obtain a copy from the data exporter; (h) that, in the event of subprocessing, it has previously informed the data exporter and obtained its prior written consent; (i) that the processing services by the subprocessor will be carried out in accordance with Clause 11; (j) to send promptly a copy of any subprocessor Agreements it concludes under the Clauses to the data exporter. Clause 6 Liability 1. The parties agree that any data subject, who has suffered damage as a result of any breach of the obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11 by any party or subprocessor is entitled to receive compensation from the data exporter for the damage suffered. 2. If a data subject is not able to bring a claim for compensation in accordance with paragraph 1 against the data exporter, arising out of a breach by the data importer or his subprocessor of any of their obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11, because the data exporter has factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or has become insolvent, the data importer agrees that the data subject may issue a claim against the data importer as if it were the data exporter, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract of by operation of law, in which case the data subject can enforce its rights against such entity. The data importer may not rely on a breach by a subprocessor of its obligations in order to avoid its own liabilities. 3.If a data subject is not able to bring a claim against the data exporter or the data importer referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, arising out of a breach by the subprocessor of any of their obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11 because both the data any of their obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11 because both the data exporter and the data importer have factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent, the subprocessor agrees that the data subject may issue a claim against the data subprocessor with regard to its own processing operations under the Clauses as if it were the data exporter or the data importer, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter or data importer by contract or by operation of law, in which case the data subject can enforce its rights against such entity. The liability of the subprocessor shall be limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses. Clause 7 Mediation and jurisdiction 1. The data importer agrees that if the data subject invokes against it third-party beneficiary rights and/or claims compensation for damages under the Clauses, the data importer will accept the decision of the data subject: (a) to refer the dispute to mediation, by an independent person or, where applicable, by the supervisory authority; (b) to refer the dispute to the courts in the Member State in which the data exporter is established. 2. The parties agree that the choice made by the data subject will not prejudice its substantive or procedural rights to seek remedies in accordance with other provisions of national or international law. Clause 8 Cooperation with supervisory authorities 1. The data exporter agrees to deposit a copy of this contract with the supervisory authority if it so requests or if such deposit is required under the applicable data protection law. 2. The parties agree that the supervisory authority has the right to conduct an audit of the data importer, and of any subprocessor, which has the same scope and is subject to the same conditions as would apply to an audit of the data exporter under the applicable data protection law. 3. The data importer shall promptly inform the data exporter about the existence of legislation applicable to it or any subprocessor preventing the conduct of an audit of the data importer, or any subprocessor, pursuant to paragraph 2. In such a case the data data importer, or any subprocessor, pursuant to paragraph 2. In such a case the data exporter shall be entitled to take the measures foreseen in Clause 5 (b). Clause 9 Governing Law The Clauses shall be governed by the law of the Member State in which the data exporter is established, Clause 10 Variation of the contract The parties undertake not to vary or modify the Clauses. This does not preclude the parties from adding clauses on business related issues where required as long as they do not contradict the Clause. Clause 11 Subprocessing 1. The data importer shall not subcontract any of its processing operations performed on behalf of the data exporter under the Clauses without the prior written consent of the data exporter. Where the data importer subcontracts its obligations under the Clauses, with the consent of the data exporter, it shall do so only by way of a written Agreements with the subprocessor which imposes the same obligations on the subprocessor as are imposed on the data importer under the Clauses. Where the subprocessor fails to fulfill its data protection obligations under such written Agreements the data importer shall remain fully liable to the data exporter for the performance of the subprocessor's obligations under such Agreements. 2. The prior written contract between the data importer and the subprocessor shall also provide for a third-party beneficiary clause as laid down in Clause 3 for cases where the data subject is not able to bring the claim for compensation referred to in paragraph 1 of Clause 6 against the data exporter or the data importer because they have factually disappeared or have ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent and no successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter or data importer by contract or by operation of law. Such third-party liability of the subprocessor shall be limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses. 3. The provisions relating to data protection aspects for subprocessing of the contract referred to in paragraph 1 shall be governed by the law of the Member State in which the data exporter is established. 4. The data exporter shall keep a list of subprocessing Agreements concluded under the Clauses and notified by the data importer pursuant to Clause 5 (j), which shall be updated at least once a year. The list shall be available to the data exporter's data protection supervisory authority. Clause 12 Obligation after the termination of personal data processing services 1.The parties agree that on the termination of the provision of data processing services, the data importer and the subprocessor shall, at the choice of the data exporter, return all the personal data transferred and the copies thereof to the data exporter or shall destroy all the personal data and certify to the data exporter that it has done so, unless legislation imposed upon the data importer prevents it from returning or destroying all or part of the personal data transferred. In that case, the data importer warrants that it will guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data transferred and will not actively process the personal data transferred anymore. 2. The data importer and the subprocessor warrant that upon request of the data exporter and/or of the supervisory authority, it will submit its data processing facilities for an audit of the measures referred to in paragraph 1. APPENDIX 1 TO THE STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES This Appendix forms part of the Clauses and must be completed and signed by the parties. The Member States may complete or specify, according to their national procedures, any additional necessary information to be contained in this Appendix. Data exporter The data exporter is (please specify briefly your activities relevant to the transfer): The Customer, who is the Controller of Customer Data, who is either established in the EEA, and/or offers goods/services to Data subjects established in the EEA, or monitors their behavior which taking place in the their behavior which taking place in the EEA. ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Data importer The data importer is (please specify briefly activities relevant to the transfer): Huawei as defined in the AGC Agreements, that will be processing Customer Data on its behalf as per the DPA, or the Sub-Processor engaged by Huawei, as applicable. . ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Data subjects The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects (please specify): Customer End Users ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Categories of data The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data (please specify): Customer End Users' Personal Data…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Special categories of data (if appropriate) The personal data transferred concern the following special categories of data (please specify): ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Processing operations The personal data transferred will be subject to the following basic processing activities (please specify): Process the Customer Data to Provide the AGC services that the Customer requested through the AGC Agreements…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… APPENDIX 2 TO THE STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES APPENDIX 2 TO THE STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES This Appendix forms part of the Clauses and must be completed and signed by the parties. Description of the technical and organizational security measures implemented by the data importer in accordance with Clauses 4(d) and 5(c) (or document/legislation attached): The measures are provided in the DPA's Clause 4 Data Security and Annex 1 Security Measures ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… ANNEX 3: Data Transfer Agreement (processors) (Only when GDPR does not apply) Name of the data exporting organization: Customer as defined in the AGC Agreements and the DPA (the data exporter) And Name of the data importing organization: Tel.:……………………………………………………..; fax: ……………………………………………………..; e-mail:……………………………………………………..; or Other information needed to identify the organization: ………………………………………………………………… ……………………………………………… (the data importer) each a "party"; together "the parties", Clause 1 Definitions For the purposes of this Data Transfer Agreement ("DTA"): (a) Applicable Laws and Regulations means any privacy or data protection laws, regulations and rules that apply to the processing of Customer Personal Data at each given time; (b) Customer Data means Personal Data provided by Customer or Customer End Users via the Services under the HUAWEI ID account; (c) Customer End Users means the users of Customer's services (for example, the users of a Customer app); (d) Customer Personal Data means the Personal Data contained within the Customer Data; (e) "Personal Data", "Special Categories of Data", "Process/Processing", "Controller", "Processor", "Data Subject", "Subprocessing", "Sub-processor" and "Supervisory Authority" shall have the same meaning as in the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), unless the term is differently defined by applicable data protection law; and Any terms not defined in this DTA shall have the meaning given to these terms (i) in the Data Processing Agreement ("DPA") to which this DTA is attached or (ii) in the Applicable Laws and Regulations.Clause 2 Details of the Transfer The details of the transfer (as well as the Personal Data covered) are specified in Appendix 1. Clause 3 Obligations of the Data Exporter The data exporter agrees and warrants: (a) that the Processing, including the transfer itself, of the Personal Data has been and will continue to be carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Applicable Laws and Regulations (and, where applicable, it has notified the relevant authorities of the country in which the data exporter is established) including, if required by the Applicable Laws and Regulations, gaining consent from the Data Subject before transfer of the Personal Data and informing the Data Subject of the following: (i) the name of the data importer; (ii) the contact details of the data importer; (iii) the types of Personal Data to be transferred; (iv) the purpose for which the Personal Data is being transferred; and (v) any other information required by the Applicable Laws and Regulations; (b) that after assessment of the requirements of the Applicable Laws and Regulations, the technical and organizational security measures specified in the DPA's Clause 4 (Data Security) and Annex 1 (Security Measures) are appropriate to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the Processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of Processing, and that these measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks presented by the Processing and the nature of the data to be protected having regard to the state of the art and the cost of their implementation; (c) that, if the transfer involves Special Categories of Data, the Data Subject has, prior to the transfer, been informed of or consent to the transfer of his or her data outside the country in which the data exporter is established in accordance with Applicable Laws and Regulations; (d) the data exporter agrees to obtain the prior approval of and deposit a copy of this DTA with the Supervisory Authority if it so requests or if such deposit is required under the applicable data protection law; and (e) where required by Applicable Laws and Regulations, that Customer Data be maintained for a certain period of time.Clause 4 Obligations of the Data Importer The data importer agrees and warrants: (a) to Process the Personal Data only on behalf of the data exporter in accordance with the instructions of the data exporter, this DTA (in particular Appendix 1) and, where required, in accordance with applicable laws, governmental or regulatory bodies, or an order by a court, in which case it shall notify the data exporter as soon as practicable before complying with such law or order; if it cannot provide compliance with the data exporter's instructions or this DTA, for whatever reasons, it agrees to inform the data exporter without undue delay of its inability to comply, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of Personal Data and the parties shall work together in good faith to agree any steps which have to be taken to allow the data importer to continue to provide such compliance; (b) where required by the Applicable Laws and Regulations of the country of the data exporter (and in accordance with Clause 11), to protect the Personal Data it receives at a standard that is comparable to that under the Applicable Laws and Regulations of the country of the data exporter; at the request of the data importer, the data exporter shall inform the data importer about the obligations under such Applicable Laws and Regulations that go above and beyond the obligations arising from this DTA or any other data processing agreement entered into by the data exporter and the data importer; (c) to comply with the requirements under Applicable Laws and Regulations of its country of incorporation, such as those on data transfers; (d) that it has no reason to believe that the legislation applicable to it prevents it from fulfilling the instructions received from the data exporter and its obligations under the DTA and that in the event of a change in this legislation which is likely to have a substantial adverse effect on the warranties and obligations provided by this DTA, it will promptly notify the change to the data exporter as soon as it is aware, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and the parties shall work together in good faith to agree any steps which have to be taken to allow the data importer to continue to provide such compliance; (e) that it has implemented the technical and organizational security measures specified in the DPA's Clause 4 (Data Security) and Annex 1 (Security Measures) before Processing the Personal Data transferred to prevent unauthorized or accidental access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or destruction of Personal Data, or other similar risks; (f) that it will without undue delay notify the data exporter about: (i) any legally binding request for disclosure of the Personal Data, including by a law enforcement authority, unless otherwise prohibited, such as a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation; (ii) any actual or suspected loss, theft, damage, accidental or unauthorized access or Processing; (iii) any request received directly from a Data Subject, without responding to that request, unless it has been otherwise authorized or required to do so; and (iv) any complaint received related to the Processing of the Personal Data, and comply with any instructions of data exporter in connection therewith. (g) to deal promptly and properly with all inquiries from the data exporter relating to its Processing of the Personal Data subject to the transfer, to provide reasonable cooperation in responding to enquiries from the relevant Supervisory Authority or other relevant authority within the country of the data exporter, and to abide by the legally binding advice of the relevant Supervisory Authority with regard to the Processing of the data transferred; (h) at the request of the data exporter or a relevant authority within the country of the data exporter, to submit its data Processing facilities used to Process Personal Data pursuant to the DTA, for audit; (i) that, in the event of Subprocessing, it will previously inform the data exporter and obtain the data exporter's agreement; and (j) that the Processing services by the Sub-processor will be carried out in accordance with Section 7. Clause 5 Liability 1. The data importer may not rely on a Sub-processor's breach of its obligations in order to avoid the data importer's own liabilities. 2. The parties agree that if one party is held liable for a violation of this DTA committed by the other party (and for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of the data importer, violation of this DTA committed by any Sub-processor), the latter will, to the extent to which it is liable, indemnify the first party for any cost, charge, damages, expenses or loss it has incurred.Indemnification is contingent upon: (a) the data exporter promptly notifying the data importer of a claim; and (b) the data importer being given the possibility to cooperate with the data exporter in the defence and settlement of the claim. Clause 6 Governing Law This DTA shall be governed by the law of the country in which the data importer is established. Clause 7 Sub-processing The data exporter provides the data importer a general authorization to engage Sub- Processors. Where the data importer subcontracts its obligations under this DTA, with the consent of the data exporter, it shall do so only by way of a written agreement with the Sub-processor which imposes the same obligations on the Sub-processor as are imposed on the data importer under this DTA. Where the Sub-processor fails to fulfill its data protection obligations under such written agreement the data importer shall remain fully liable to the data exporter for the performance of the Sub-processor's obligations under such agreement. A list of the Sub-Processors currently engaged by the data importer to carry out Processing activities shall be made available to the data exporter and the data exporter is deemed to have accepted all Sub-Processors included in the list on the Effective Date. For any other Sub-Processor, the data exporter shall have the right to object to a new Sub-Processor with reasonable grounds by written notice to the data importer within 14 days after becoming aware of the new Sub-Processor. If the data importer chooses to engage the new Sub-Processor despite the data exporter's objection, the data exporter shall have the right to, terminate this DTA and the agreement which incorporates this DTA. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the data importer uses Sub-Processors, the data importer shall, pursuant to Applicable Laws and Regulations, remain fully liable to the data exporter for the fulfilment of its obligations under this DTA. Clause 8 Data Transfers The data exporter provides the data importer a general authorization to transfer the Personal Data outside of the data importer's country of incorporation provided such transfer complies, specifically, with the Clause 4(a) and all other clauses of this DTA and with the Applicable Laws and Regulations. The data processing agreement or any other agreement entered into by the data exporter and the data importer shall specify the countries and territories to which the Personal Data may be transferred under the contract. Clause 9 Obligation after the Termination of Personal Data Processing Services The parties agree that on the termination of the provision of data Processing services, the data importer and the Sub-processor shall, at the choice of the data exporter, return all the Personal Data transferred and the copies thereof to the data exporter or shall destroy all the Personal Data and certify to the data exporter that it has done so, unless legislation imposed upon the data importer prevents it from returning or destroying all or part of the Personal Data transferred. In that case, the data importer warrants that it will guarantee the confidentiality of the Personal Data transferred and will not actively Process the Personal Data transferred anymore. Clause 10 Counterparts This DTA may be executed in any number of counterparts each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be an original but all the counterparts together shall constitute one and the same document. Execution in the signature block of this DTA shall constitute and be deemed signature on each page of this DTA and all Annexes (and their respective annexes and appendices) hereto. Clause 11 Supplemental Provisions In the event that the applicable law of the country where the data exporter is located requires additional or more stringent requirements than those established by this DTA, then such applicable law will apply. Dated: [Please insert] FOR DATA IMPORTER(S) FOR DATA EXPORTER(S) [Signature block] [Please insert] [Please insert] APPENDIX 1 - DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER Data exporter The data exporter is: the Customer, who is the Controller of Customer Data. Data importer The data importer is: Huawei, as defined in the AGC Agreements, that will be Processing Customer Data on Customer's behalf as per the DPA, or the Sub-Processor engaged by Huawei, as applicable.Data Subjects The Personal Data transferred concern the following categories of Data Subjects (please specify): Customer End Users Categories of data The Personal Data transferred concern the following categories of data: Customer End Users' Personal Data… Special Categories of Data (if appropriate) The Personal Data transferred concern the following Special Categories of Data (please specify): ………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… Processing operations The Personal Data transferred will be subject to the following basic Processing activities (please specify): Process the Customer Data to Provide the AGC services that the Customer requested through the AGC Agreements…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………… APPENDIX 2 - DESCRIPTION OF THE TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL SECURITY MEASURES IMPLEMENTED BY THE DATA IMPORTER This Appendix forms part of the Clauses and must be completed and signed by the parties. Description of the technical and organizational security measures implemented by the data importer in accordance with Clauses 3(b) and 4(c): the measures are provided in the DPA's Clause 4 (Data Security) and Annex 1 (Security Measures)