Privacy Policy This privacy policy applies to all HomeWizard Energy products and services as stated in the General Terms and Conditions of HomeWizard Energy. We respect your privacy and want to be transparent about the data we collect and for what it is used. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, protect, share and use your personal information. HomeWizard B.V. is a Dutch company. Our business activities take place in the European Economic Area (EEA) and unless otherwise indicated, we store our data on servers in the EEA. What personal data do we process and why? We may collect the following personal information from you when you provide it when you use HomeWizard website, apps, features or products ‘services’ : Contact details: information that allows us to contact you directly, such as your name, email address, telephone number and addresses associated with your account or order. HomeWizard account information: when using the HomeWizard Energy app, you will be prompted to create an account. Your account information includes your e-mail address, password and language. Transaction information: order details of the products and services you purchase from us. Payment Information: credit/debit card details and bank account details you provide to pay for the products and services you purchase from us. Delivery information: information relating to the delivery of our products to you. HomeWizard product information: Information of the Energy products connected by you such as energy measurements, version numbers, statistics and diagnostic data. Device Information: information about the smartphones, mobile phones, computers or other electronic devices you connect to our products, website or HomeWizard Energy app, such as details about the type of device (which may contain unique device-identifying numbers), the operating system, the browser you use and applications on the device that connect to our products and services. It may also contain data from your Internet service provider, mobile network, and your IP address. Responses to surveys, contests and promotions: we keep a record of all surveys you respond to or of your participation in a contest or promotion that we run. Contact our customer service: when you share comments and opinions with us, ask us questions or make a complaint, we will keep a record of this. This includes when you send us emails, call us or contact us via social media such as Youtube or Facebook. We may also monitor and record our telephone conversations with you to ensure that we meet the quality standards we set, as well as relevant laws and regulations. How you use HomeWizard products: we collect information about the performance of your HomeWizard products and how you use them. This includes, for example, Wi-Fi signal strength, stability and device settings. How you use the HomeWizard Energy app and our website: when you use the Energy app or our website, we collect information about how you got there, the pages you view, and how you use them. Location services: When installing your HomeWizard product, you may be asked to share your exact location and Wi-Fi name via ‘location services’. You do not need to provide any of the personal information described above to us. However, if you do not do so, the functionality of our services may be restricted. What we use your personal information for Providing and maintaining our services to you Any personal information we collect Payment and delivery information for our products and services Transaction, payment and delivery information Answering your questions and complaints Any personal information we collect Maintaining and improving our products and services Any personal information we collect Data analysis and statistical research to better understand how our products are used, and to provide recommendations on the use of our products. How you use our products, website, apps and services. Device information, transaction information, location services and HomeWizard product information. Installation and regional product information Location services Developing and recommending new products and service Any personal information we collect Direct marketing Any personal information we collect Investigating abuse of your account, fraud and collections Any personal information we collect We may anonymize the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). Anonymized and aggregated information can be used for purposes such as testing systems, research, data analysis, improving our site, apps and products and for new products and services. How we protect your personal information We take technical and organizational measures to ensure that your personal information is processed in a manner that ensures adequate security of your information, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful data processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.For example, we use certified contractors who may have access to the data. The relevant data processing agreements are signed with these parties. In addition, the data is processed encrypted and/or anonymized where possible. For example, we use Google LLC data centers that are certified by ISO27001, ISO27018 and ISO27017 certificates. Who do we share your personal data with We share personal information with the following parties: Delivery companies: to deliver products that you have ordered from us. Service providers and advisors: Such as companies that support our IT, help us analyze the data we process, process payments, send messages to our customers, give us legal or financial advice and generally help us provide our services to you. External partners: In some cases you may have purchased a HomeWizard product through an installer, energy provider or other external partner. Who may have bundled these products with their own applications or service offerings. Such features may require some or all of your personal information. By registering the HomeWizard account, we can share your personal data with these third parties. When the sharing of information has taken place, the third party is liable for its processing of your personal data. Legal responsibility: Your personal data will be shared with third parties if this is necessary or appropriate to comply with the law, to comply with legal requests from authorities, to respond to any claims or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, our employees or the public and to protect, without limitation, ourselves or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of the Service. Business Transfer: as our business develops, we may sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal information may be part of the transferred assets. We disclose personal information only for the purposes described above. We may provide anonymized statistical information and analysis about users of our products and services. Transferring your personal information internationally The personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored in countries outside the European Union. Some of these jurisdictions require different levels of protection with regard to personal information, and in certain cases, the laws in those countries may be less protective than the jurisdiction in which you usually reside. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is only used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable European data protection law, is respected and secured. How long do we store personal information We keep your personal information as long as you have an account with us. After you close your account with us, we will retain some of your personal information for a reasonable period of time to enforce our records and legal obligations. Direct Marketing In accordance with the marketing preferences you set when creating your account or that you set with us at a later date, we may contact you by email, push notification, SMS, mail or telephone with information about products and services that we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the emails we send you. Cookies and pixels A cookie or pixel is a small amount of specific data that is stored on your computer or device when you visit a website or open an app or email. With functional cookies, the products are stored in your shopping cart between sessions and you remain logged in if you wish. Analytical cookies collect anonymously how you visit our website, the duration of your visit and which HomeWizard pages, advertisements, emails or social media posts you have viewed. These cookies are used to optimize your personal experience and that of others on our website, and to show relevant advertisements on other websites or platforms. If you choose not to accept cookies, the functionality of our site may be limited. Your rights in relation to your personal information You have the following rights in relation to your personal data: the right to inform about how your personal data is used;the right to access the personal information we hold about you;the right to opt-out of receiving marketing messages;the right to correct inaccurate personal data that we hold about you;the right to request the blocking or deletion of your personal data where the processing does not comply with applicable data protection law. We try to make as much of your personal information transparent and adaptable as possible via our services so that you have control over this yourself. If you are not happy with the way we use your personal information, you can file a complaint to your local data protection officer.We are here to help and encourage you to contact us first using our contact details to resolve your complaint. We respond to all access requests as quickly as possible, but at least within 4 weeks. In the case of complex requests, the term can be extended by an additional 4 weeks. If we extend the term, we will inform you within 4 weeks after submitting the request. Changes to this Notice Our activities may change over time and this privacy policy may be updated. When we change this policy in a detrimental way, we will update the version at the bottom of this page. For significant changes to this policy, we will try to notify you unless we are prevented from doing so. Where required by law, we will ask for your consent to changes in the way we use your personal information. Contact This document may be subject to change. You can always find the most recent version of this document on our website. If HomeWizard does not meet these conditions, the user must notify this in writing within one year. If you have any questions about Terms of Use, please contact HomeWizard at support@homewizard.com . HomeWizard B.V., Keyserswey 79, 2201 CX Noordwijk, The Netherlands Version 2.3 With the HomeWizard devices you get live insight into the energy consumption of your household. Answers to all your questions can be found in the helpdesk. Notifications