Toggle navigation Home Statement of Faith New Life Christian School exists to serve Christian parents in disciplining their children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord (Eph. 6:4). This means the statement of faith is critical to our mission and vision of education. From the board to staff and our families, there is no part of our school culture or curriculum where we do not want to see the gospel of Jesus Christ flourishing. We unapologetically teach key elements of Protestant Christianity. Secondary or divisive doctrine and issue will not be presented as primary doctrine. If you are seeking the services of NLCS and hold to a worldview that is contrary to the one below, our school may not be the best fit for your family. We believe the Bible alone to be the Word of God, the ultimate and infallible authority for faith and practice.We believe in one God, eternally existent in three persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.We believe in the deity of our Lord Jesus Christ, His virgin birth, His sinless and perfect life, His miracles, His substitution and debt-canceling death on the cross, His bodily resurrection from the dead, His ascension to His Father’s right hand, and His future, personal return in power and glory. We believe because of the exceeding sinfulness of man; it is absolutely necessary for each person to be regenerated by the Holy Spirit in order to receive eternal life.We believe that salvation is by grace alone, through faith alone, and in Christ alone.We believe in the resurrection of both the redeemed and the lost: those who are redeemed unto resurrection life and those who are lost unto eternal damnation.We believe in the present ministry of the Holy Spirit by whose indwelling the believer is enabled to live a Godly life, and that faith without works is dead. We believe in the spiritual oneness of believers in our Lord Jesus Christ.We believe that God defined marriage as the life-long covenant between one man and one woman, and that all forms of sexual activity outside of marriage are sin.We believe that God immutably creates each person to reflect His image as male or female.As a member of the Association of Classical, Christian Schools (ACCS), NLCS also subscribes to the ACCS statement of faith , which found in that association’s bylaws. The statement of faith does not exhaust the extent of our beliefs. The Bible itself, as the inspired and infallible Word of God that speaks with final authority concerning truth, morality, and the proper conduct of mankind, is the sole and final source of all that we believe. For purposes of NLCS's faith, doctrine, practice, policy, and discipline, the Board of Directors is NLCS's final interpretive authority on the Bible's application Latest news 911 E. Division Ave. Ephrata, WA 98823 509.754.5558 nlcs@nlcs.us Like Us New Life Christian School is a Christian community dedicated to partnering with parents to provide generations of students in KinderPrep through 12th grade with a classical Christian education. Students will emerge from NLCS as life-long learners with a Christ-centered worldview and will virtuously shape culture and be servant leaders. Copyright © 2014 New Life Christian School / All rights reserved.