My account Angebot Mit dem meistgenutzten Content Management System schnell und einfach ins Netz. Ihr kostengünstiger Einstieg: Komplettpakete für Ihren Webauftritt. Ihr professionell administrierter virtueller Server für anspruchsvolle Web-Anwendungen. Ihr dedizierter Server für maximale Performance – von uns administriert. Mit 100% NVMe SSD-Power: Server-Hosting für Entwicklungsumgebungen und anspruchsvolle Web-Projekte. Ihre eigene Premium-Hardware: voller Root-Zugriff, Spitzenperformance, in 60 Minuten startklar. Konzentrieren Sie sich auf ihr Kerngeschäft, indem Sie kosten- und ressourcenintensive Aufgaben an uns übergeben. Die gewohnte Performance gepaart mit umfangreicher Administration durch unseren Support. Angebot Finden Sie jetzt Ihre Wunsch-Domain. Zu günstigen Preisen, ohne versteckte Kosten. Für verschlüsselten Datenaustausch, besseres Suchmaschinen-Ranking und Schutz vor Phishing-Websites. Bis zu 10 TB Speicherplatz erreichbar über rsync, SCP, SFTP und FTP. Sorgen Sie für verschlüsselte Datenübertragung und schützen Sie sich und Ihre Besucher. Täglicher Security Check und garantierte Malware-Entfernung. Schützt vor Hacker-Angriffen. Angebot Die günstige E-Mail-Adresse zu Ihrer eigenen Domain – für Unternehmen, Existenzgründer, Vereine und privat. Mit dem E-Mail- und Groupware-Standard von Microsoft® arbeiten und kommunizieren Sie überall im Team. Erledigen Sie alles von überall: jederzeit Zugriff auf die neuesten Microsoft® Office Tools und Profi-E-Mail. Für E-Mail- und Datenaustausch mit eigener IPv4- und IPv6-Adresse – vorkonfiguriert und von uns administriert. Angebot Erstellen Sie einfach und schnell Ihren Online-Shop. Volle Flexibilität für Ihr erfolgreiches E-Commerce Business. Wir verwenden Cookies Akzeptieren Analyse So verstehen wir besser, wie Besucher unsere Website nutzen. Support Unsere Support-Mitarbeiter können Sie, wenn nötig, unterstützen. Marketing So können wir Ihnen maßgeschneiderte Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen anbieten, die Ihren Anforderungen entsprechen. Grundlegendes Wir benötigen sie, damit diese Seite einwandfrei funktioniert. Welcome to Host Europe GmbH! Thank you for visiting our website and thank you for your interest in our company and our world-class products, services, websites and mobile applications (collectively, our "Services"). Data protection and data security when using our website are very important to us. We would therefore like to inform you at this point which of your personal data we collect when you visit our website and for which purposes it is used. Since changes in the law or changes in our internal processes may necessitate an adaptation of this privacy policy, we ask you to read this privacy policy regularly. The privacy policy can be viewed, saved and printed at any time under the privacy policy. § 1 Responsible and Scope The person responsible within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is: Host Europe GmbHHansestrasse 11151149 CologneGermanyTel .: 02203 99341040E-Mail: info@hosteurope.deWebsite: www.hosteurope.de This privacy policy applies to the Internet offer of Host Europe GmbH, which is available under the domain www.hosteurope.de as well as the various subdomains and related domains (hereinafter referred to as "our website"). § 2 Data Protection Officer The external data protection officer of the responsible person is Mr. Attorney Dr. Karsten Kinast,LL.M. KINAST Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbHHohenzollernring 54D-50672 Cologne § 3 principles of data processing Personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person. These include, for example, information such as your name, age, address, phone number, date of birth, e-mail address, IP address or user behavior. Information in which we can not (or only with disproportionate effort make) a reference to your person, eg by anonymizing the information, are not personal data. The processing of personal data (eg collecting, querying, using, storing or transmitting) always requires a legal basis or your consent. Processed personal data will be deleted, If we process your personal data for the provision of certain services, we will inform you below about the specific processes, the scope and purpose of the data processing, the legal basis for the processing and the respective retention period. § 4 Individual processing operations 1. Provision and Use of the Website a. Type and scope of data processing When calling and using our website, we collect the personal data that your browser automatically transmits to our server. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file.When you use our website, we collect the following information that is technically necessary for us to display our website and to ensure its stability and safety: IP address of the requesting computerDate and time of accessName and URL of the retrieved fileWebsite from which access takes place (referrer URL)browser used and, if applicable, the operating system of your computer, as well as the name of your access provider b. Legal basis Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO as legal basis. The processing of the aforementioned data is necessary for the provision of a website and thus serves to protect the legitimate interests of our company. c. storage time As soon as the mentioned data for displaying the website are no longer required, they will be deleted. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is imperative for the operation of the website. There is consequently no contradiction on the part of the user. Further storage may be made in individual cases if required by law. 2. Registration / User Account a. Type and scope of data processing On our website, we offer you the opportunity to register by providing personal information. Your registration is required to fulfill a contract with us or to carry out pre-contractual measures in order to grant you permanent access to the booked services. With the processed data we create for you an individualized user account with which you can use certain contents and services such as web hosting, servers, domains, SSL & Security, Email & Office and Homepage & Shop on our website. We process your e-mail address so that we can send you new access data in case you forget it. Your registration is required to fulfill a contract with us or to carry out pre-contractual measures for the following reasons.In the following overview you can see in detail which personal data we process from you during a registration: SurnameE-mail addressaddressDate of birthIP addressphone numberpayment data b. Legal basis The processing of the personal data presented is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO the fulfillment of a contract between you and Host Europe GmbH or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. You can revoke your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with an e-mail to the e-mail address mentioned above under § 1 or to the data protection officer (see above under § 2) with effect for the future. c. storage time As soon as the processed data are no longer necessary for the execution of the contract, they will be deleted. Even after the contract has been concluded, it may be necessary to save personal information about you in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations. Further storage may be made in individual cases if required by law. d. Resolution of the registry As a user, you have the option of canceling the registration at any time. The data stored about you can be changed at any time. Please use the link in the customer menu or contact us at datenschutz@hosteurope.de . However, if the processed data are required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, as far as non-contractual or legal obligations are in conflict. 3. Newsletter a. Type and scope of data processing On our website you can subscribe to a free newsletter. In order to be able to send you the newsletter regularly, we need the following information from you: E-mail address In connection with the newsletter, your data will not be forwarded to third parties.We will use the so-called double opt-in procedure for the newsletter, ie we will only send you the newsletter if you have previously registered using a mailing you for this purpose Confirm confirmation e-mail by using the link contained therein. We want to make sure that only you as the owner of the specified e-mail address can subscribe to the newsletter. Your confirmation must be sent promptly after receiving the confirmation e-mail, otherwise your newsletter subscription will be automatically deleted from our database. b. Legal basis The processing of your e-mail address for newsletter delivery is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO on the following voluntarily submitted declaration of consent: Declaration of consent: By entering my data and pressing the "Submit" button, I declare my consent to the processing of my e - mail address, for regular newsletter mailing. I can unsubscribe from the newsletter service at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the end of the newsletter. I have read the current privacy policy and accept it. The consent to the collection of the personal data collected during the registration process can be revoked at any time by contacting (mailto: info@hosteurope.de) datenschutz@hosteurope.de or info@hosteurope.de (mailto: info@hosteurope.de) .You can revoke your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with an e-mail to the e-mail address mentioned above under § 1 or to the data protection officer (see above under § 2) with effect for the future c. storage time Your e-mail address will be saved as long as you subscribe to the newsletter. After unsubscribing from the newsletter, your e-mail address will be deleted. Further storage may be made on a case-by-case basis if required by law. d. Personalized advertising We process stock data from customers with customer account and newsletter registration in order to be able to recommend these individually interesting products. This is done on the basis of a balance of interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 f DSGVO. You can object to this processing of your personal data at any time by contacting datenschutz@hosteurope.de . We will not process your data for this purpose in the future. 4. Contact form a. Type and scope of data processing On our website, we offer you to contact us via a provided form. As part of the process of sending your request via the contact form, we refer you to this privacy policy to obtain your consent. If you use the contact form, the following personal data will be processed by you: SurnameE-mail addresscontent of the messageCustomer number (voluntary) Specifying your e-mail address serves the purpose of being able to assign your inquiry and to answer you. When using the contact form no transfer of your personal data to third parties. b. Legal basis The data processing described above (see § 4 4. a.) For the purpose of establishing contact takes place in accordance with Article 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO on the following voluntarily submitted declaration of consent: By entering my data and pressing the button "send request" I declare my consent to the processing of my e - mail address, my name and my customer number for answering my contact request. I have read the current privacy policy and accept it. I can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future, by turning to datenschutz@hosteurope.de . You can revoke your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with an e-mail to the e-mail address mentioned above under § 1 or to the data protection officer (see above under § 2) with effect for the future c. storage time As soon as the request you have made has been completed and the relevant facts clarified, the personal data processed via the contact form will be deleted. Further storage may be made on a case-by-case basis if required by law. 5. Order form a. Type and scope of data processing The order form is fillable fields on our website. In the order form, the user enters the following personal data in order to receive various services (eg orders, orders, etc.) from the responsible person: salutationSurnameStreetPost Codecitycountrye-mailcompany If you want to arrange a recall, it is necessary to provide the following (further) personal data: Phone number. b. Legal basis The processing of the personal data presented is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO the fulfillment of a contract between you and Host Europe GmbH or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. You can revoke your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with an e-mail to the e-mail address mentioned above under § 1 or to the data protection officer (see above under § 2) with effect for the future. c. storage time The duration of the storage of the above data depends on the background of your contact. A deletion of your data takes place regularly, as long as the pursued purpose of the communication is omitted and a storage is no longer necessary. 6. Contact options on our website On our website you can contact us via email: E-Mail Consulting & Support: support@hosteurope.de E-Mail Sales: sales@hosteurope.de E-Mail contract: contract@hosteurope.de a. Type and scope of data processing Every website visitor can send his request to these e-mail addresses. The relevant departments process the requests by e-mail. Our data collection is limited to the e-mail address of the e-mail account you used to contact us as well as the personal data that you have provided as part of contacting us. b. Legal basis The admissibility of the data collection is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, since there is a consistent interest in establishing contact and communication between you and our company and a legitimate business interest in processing the above data in order to be able to process your request. c. storage time The duration of the storage of the above data depends on the background of your contact recording. Your data will be deleted on a regular basis, provided that the purpose of the communication is eliminated and storage is no longer required (eg after processing your request). § 5 Transfer of data We only share your personal information with third parties if: For this you expressly consent to Art.6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVOthis is legally permissible and, according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO is required to fulfill a contractual relationship with youaccording to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO for the passing on a legal obligation existsthe disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO is required to safeguard legitimate corporate interests and to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a predominantly legitimate interest in not disclosing your data. § 6 Use of cookies a. Type and scope of data processing We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small files that are sent to and stored by your device's browser as part of your visit to our website. Some features of our website can not be offered without the use of technically necessary cookies. Other cookies, on the other hand, allow us to carry out various analyzes. Cookies, for example, are able to recognize the browser you are using when visiting our website again and to submit various information to us. Among other things, we use cookies to make our website more user-friendly and effective for you, for example, by tracking your use of our website and determining your preferred settings (such as country and language settings). If third parties process information via cookies, they collect the information directly from your browser. Cookies do not damage your device. You can not run programs or contain viruses. Our website uses various types of cookies whose nature and function are explained in more detail below. Type 1: Transient CookiesTransient cookies are used on our website, which are automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser. This type of cookie allows you to record your session ID. As a result, different requests from your browser can be assigned to a single session, and it is possible for us to re-recognize your device during later website visits. Type 2: Persistent cookies Persian cookies are usedon our website. Persistent cookies are cookies that are stored in your browser for a longer period of time and that transmit information to us. The respective storage duration differs depending on the cookie. You can independently delete persistent cookies through your browser settings. Function 1:Required cookiesThese cookies are required for technical reasons so that you can visit our website and use the functions offered by us. This applies, for example, to the following applications: Website Tracking (Order Process).In addition, these cookies contribute to the safe and proper use of the website. Function 2:Performance-related cookiesWith the help of these cookies, we are able to perform an analysis of the website usage and to improve the performance and functionality of our website. For example, it collects information about how our website is used by visitors, which pages are accessed most frequently, or whether error messages appear on certain pages. Function 3:Cookies for Marketing and Social MediaAdvertising cookies (third party providers) allow you to display various offers that suit your interests. These cookies can be used to track users' web activity over a longer period of time. You may recognize the cookies on various devices you use.The following third-party providers receive personal data via cookies integrated on our website: Google AnalyticsBingOptimizelyawinAdwords Conversion DayQualarooFacebook Retargeting Furthermore, certain cookies allow you to connect to your social networks and share content from our website within your networks. b. Legal basis Due to the described uses (see § 6. a.), The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is set out in Article 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. If you have given us your consent for the use of cookies on the basis of a notice given by us on the website ("cookie banner"), the legality of the use is additionally governed by Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. c. storage time As soon as the data transmitted via the cookies to us are no longer necessary for the achievement of the purposes described above, this information will be deleted. Further storage may be made in individual cases if required by law. d. Configuration of the browser settings Most browsers are pre-set to accept cookies by default. However, you can configure your browser to accept only certain or no cookies at all. We point out, however, that you may not be able to use all features of our website if cookies are deactivated by your browser settings on our website. Your browser settings also allow you to delete cookies already stored in your browser. It is also possible to set your browser to notify you before cookies are stored. Since the different browsers may differ in their respective functions, we ask that you use the respective help menu of your browser for the configuration options.§ 7 tracking and analysis tools We use tracking and analysis tools to ensure continuous optimization and tailor-made design of our website. With the help of tracking measures, it is also possible for us to statistically record the use of our website by visitors and to further develop our online offer with the help of the insights gained through it. Due to these interests, the use of the tracking and analysis tools described below in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO justified. If you have given us your consent for the use of cookies on the basis of a notice given by us on the website ("cookie banner"), the legality of the use is additionally governed by Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. The following description of the tracking and analysis tools also includes the respective processing purposes and the processed data. You can change your selection of tracking and analysis tools at any time in the cookie settings, enabling them and. 1. Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, CA 94043 USA ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by these cookies, such as the time, place and frequency of your use of this website, is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. When using Google Analytics, it is not excluded that the cookies set by Google Analytics, in addition to the IP address and other personal information. We point out that Google may transfer this information to third parties, if required by law, or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. The information generated by cookies will be used by Google on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by Google Analytics within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined by Google with other data provided by Google. You can generally prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. We point out, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website in full. It is not excluded that the cookies set by Google Analytics can collect other personal data in addition to the IP address. In order to prevent information about your use of the website from being collected by Google Analytics and transmitted to Google Analytics, you can download and install a plugin for your browser under the following link, in addition to the above-mentioned option for deactivating tracking cookies: http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout? hl = DE .This plugin prevents information about your visit to the website from being transmitted to Google Analytics. Any other analysis is not prevented by this plugin. To ensure the best possible protection of your personal data, Google Analytics has been expanded to include the code "anonymizeIp" on this website. This code causes the last 8 bits of the IP addresses to be deleted and your IP address to be recorded anonymously (so-called IP masking). Your IP address will be shortened by Google in principle before the transfer within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and thereby anonymized. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. 2. Google AdWords We use Google AdWords technology, specifically conversion tracking. Google Conversion Tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. If you click on a Google-served ad, a conversion tracking cookie will be placed on your PC. The cookies are valid for 30 days and are not for personal identification. If you visit certain pages on our website, if the cookie has not expired, Google and we, too, can recognize that you have clicked on a particular ad and have been redirected to this page. Google AdWords advertisers will each receive a different cookie. There is no way to track cookies through the websites of advertisers. Conversion cookie data is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who use conversion tracking. Customers will be told the number of users who clicked on their ad and were subsequently redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive any information that personally identifies users. If you do not want to participate in the conversion tracking, you can prevent this by setting it in your browser, for example, in such a way that the installation of cookies is generally prevented.You can also disable cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block only cookies from the web address "googleadservices.com". 3. Google Remarketing We use Google Remarketing technology from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Remarketing shows ads to people who have already visited our Web sites and online services and are interested in a particular offer. Within the Google Network, targeted and interest-based ads can appear on our site. Google Remarketing uses cookies for this analysis. This will allow our visitors to be recognized as soon as they visit websites within Google's advertising network. Within the Google ad network, targeted and interest-based ads can appear on the Google Network sites previously visited by the visitor. If you do not want to see targeted, interest-based advertising, you can disable Google's use of cookies for these purposes via the link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads . 4. ZANOX We use technology from AWIN AG, Stralauer Allee 2, 10245 Berlin. If the visitor comes to our website via a link of a partner of the ZANOX advertising network and places an order, the order will be sent anonymously by means of a tracking code to ZANOX in order to be able to grant the partner a commission for the mediated order. For more information, visit : https://www.awin.com/en/lawful/privacy-policy 5. Optimizely This website uses Optimizely, a web analytics service provided by Optimizely, Inc. ("Optimizely") to simplify and conduct A / B testing to further develop this website. Optimizely uses cookies to analyze the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is usually transmitted to and stored by an Optimizely server in the USA.You can deactivate Optimizely tracking at any time (and thus prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and the use of the website - including your IP address - from Optimizely and the processing of this data by Optimizely). Information about this and a way to prevent that information about your use of the website by Optimizely collected and transmitted to you, you can, in addition to the above-mentioned possibility of deactivation of tracking cookies, find the following link: https: // www .optimizely.com / opt_out / 6th Qualaroo Qualaroo LLC., PO Box 29502 # 18534, Las Vegas, Nevada 48084, USA, provides us with a site survey and analytics solution to enhance the user experience. Qualaroo receives no personal data, all content is anonymous. More information at: https://qualaroo.com/privacy-policy/ 7. Bing Bing Conversion Tracking from Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA - When you click one of our Bing ads or selected Bing ad web sites, you can save a temporary cookie on your computer. If you now reach a conversion page with us, it will be recognized - for Microsoft Bing and us - that you have previously clicked on the ad. This is to create conversion statistics, that is, to track how many users click on an ad to reach a conversion page, that is, complete an order process.Information about this and a way to prevent information about your use of the website from being collected by Bing Ads and transmitted to Microsoft, you can, in addition to the above-mentioned option for the deactivation of tracking cookies, find the following link: http: // choice.microsoft.com . 8. Google ReCAPTCHA For increased security on some of our sites, we use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. This helps distinguish whether calls are made by a natural person or abusive by automated or automated processing. For this purpose, the IP address and any other data needed by Google for the service reCAPTCHA will be sent to Google. For more information about the Google Inc. Privacy Policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy or https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy. 9. Facebook Retargeting We use the retargeting feature of Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The feature enables users of our website to specifically target advertising on our partner's website. This is done using cookies and user behavior analysis. Neither personal data are stored nor user profiles are combined with personal data. This feature applies only if you have consented to the use of advertising-related cookies in the cookie settings. The feature can be disabled at any time at https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/ . 10. Lead Inspector For the statistical analysis of visitor access, technologies of the Lead Inspector GmbH collect, process and store data for marketing purposes and for the recognition of web visitors. Lead Inspector GmbH technology performs address discovery based on this information, but only in those cases where it can ensure that it is a company rather than a single person as a visitor.For this purpose, so-called cookies can be used. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The corporate data collected by Lead Inspector GmbH may also contain personal data. Lead Inspector GmbH may use information that is left by visits to the websites, to create anonymized usage profiles. As far as IP addresses are collected, they will be anonymized immediately after collection by deleting the last number block. The data collection and storage by Lead Inspector GmbH for this website may be objected to at any time with effect for the future under www.leadinspector.de/widerspruch . § 8 hyperlinks On our website are so-called hyperlinks to websites of other providers. By activating these hyperlinks, you will be redirected from our website directly to the website of the other providers. You will recognize this by, among other things, changing the URL. We can not accept responsibility for the confidentiality of your information on these third party websites, as we have no control over their compliance with the privacy policy. Please inform yourself about the handling of your personal data by these companies directly on these websites. § 8a Other external services 1. Google Maps - Places a. Type and scope of data processing This site uses Google Maps Places, an address completion service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, CA 94043 USA ("Google"). This will transfer your IP address and, where applicable, the given address to Google in the United States. We point out that Google may transfer this information to third parties, if required by law, or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. For more information about Google and your rights and privacy settings, visit https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en . b. Legal basis The admissibility of the data collection results from Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO, our legitimate interest in the ease of use of our website. § 9 Affected rights The DSGVO gives you as the data subject the processing of personal data the following rights: According to Art. 15 GDPR, you may request information about your personal data processed by us. They may in particular provide information on the processing purposes, the categories of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed or the planned storage period, the right of rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of a The right to complain, the origin of their data, if they have not been collected from us, through a transfer to third countries or to international organizations and the existence of an automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information on their details. According to Art. 16 DSGVO you can immediately request the correction of incorrect or the completion of your personal data stored by us.According to Art. 17 GDPR, you may request the deletion of your personal data stored with us, as far as the processing is not for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of the public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims is required.According to Art. 18 GDPR you can demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data, as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, we no longer need the data and you refuse their deletion, because you assert this, exercise or defense of legal claims. You are also entitled to the right under Art. 18 GDPR if you object to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR. According to Art. 20 GDPR you may request to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or you may request the transfer to another person responsible.According to Art. 7 (3) GDPR, you can revoke your once given consent at any time. As a result, we are no longer allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future.According to Art. 77 GDPR you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your workplace or our company headquarters. § 10 right of objection When processing your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO, you have the right to file an objection against the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO, provided that there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct mail. In the case of direct mail, there is a general right of objection for you, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation. § 11 Data security and security measures 1.precautionary measures We are committed to protecting your privacy and keeping your personal information confidential. In order to avoid any manipulation, loss or misuse of your stored data, we make extensive technical and organizational security checks that are periodically reviewed and adapted to technological progress. Among other things, this includes the use of recognized encryption methods (SSL or TLS). However, please note that due to the structure of the Internet, it is possible that the rules of data protection and the above mentioned safeguards will not be observed by other persons or institutions not within our area of ​​responsibility. In particular, unencrypted disclosed data -. B. if this is done by e-mail - read by third parties. We have no technical influence on this. It is the responsibility of the user to protect the data provided by him by encryption or otherwise against misuse. 2. MaxMind MinFraud a. Type and scope of data processing To prevent fraud when ordering our services, we use MinFraud, a service of MaxMind, 14 Spring Street, 3rd Floor, Waltham, MA 02451, USA. MaxMind is Privacy Shield certified. The following data is transferred here: SurnameIP address and browser IDe-mailBilling addressPayment details, such as account or credit card numberOrdersum For more information, please visit https://www.maxmind.com/en/privacy-policy b. Legal basis The processing of the personal data presented is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR Our legitimate interest in minimizing the risk of payment defaults, misuse and fraud. c. storage time The data are stored at the provider for 18 months and then deleted. 3. Web Application Firewall To protect the IT of Host Europe and its customers (Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. f DSGVO) we use a web application firewall of the affiliated group company Sucuri ( https://sucuri.net ) on our website and in the customer menu. This serves as a filter between our servers and potentially malicious traffic from the Internet. It protects against fraudulent activities such as SQL injections and cross-site scripting. Information about the personal data required for this service can be found here: https://blog.sucuri.net/2018/05/sucuri-gdpr.html . The Sucuri Privacy Policy can be viewed here: https://sucuri.net/privacy, Host Europe data protection compliance ensures a data processing agreement and appropriate guarantees for data transfers to third countries, including the United States. facebook Twitter © 2023 Host Europe GmbH Wir nutzen Cookies Erfahren Sie mehr. Analyse So verstehen wir besser, wie Besucher unsere Website nutzen. Support Unsere Support-Mitarbeiter können Sie, wenn nötig, unterstützen. Marketing So können wir Ihnen maßgeschneiderte Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen anbieten, die Ihren Anforderungen entsprechen. Grundlegendes Wir benötigen sie, damit diese Seite einwandfrei funktioniert. Einstellungen Schließen AkzeptierenDeutsch My account Angebot Mit dem meistgenutzten Content Management System schnell und einfach ins Netz. Ihr kostengünstiger Einstieg: Komplettpakete für Ihren Webauftritt. Ihr professionell administrierter virtueller Server für anspruchsvolle Web-Anwendungen. Ihr dedizierter Server für maximale Performance – von uns administriert. Mit 100% NVMe SSD-Power: Server-Hosting für Entwicklungsumgebungen und anspruchsvolle Web-Projekte. Ihre eigene Premium-Hardware: voller Root-Zugriff, Spitzenperformance, in 60 Minuten startklar. Konzentrieren Sie sich auf ihr Kerngeschäft, indem Sie kosten- und ressourcenintensive Aufgaben an uns übergeben. Die gewohnte Performance gepaart mit umfangreicher Administration durch unseren Support. Angebot Finden Sie jetzt Ihre Wunsch-Domain. Zu günstigen Preisen, ohne versteckte Kosten. Für verschlüsselten Datenaustausch, besseres Suchmaschinen-Ranking und Schutz vor Phishing-Websites. Bis zu 10 TB Speicherplatz erreichbar über rsync, SCP, SFTP und FTP. Sorgen Sie für verschlüsselte Datenübertragung und schützen Sie sich und Ihre Besucher. Täglicher Security Check und garantierte Malware-Entfernung. Schützt vor Hacker-Angriffen. Angebot Die günstige E-Mail-Adresse zu Ihrer eigenen Domain – für Unternehmen, Existenzgründer, Vereine und privat. Mit dem E-Mail- und Groupware-Standard von Microsoft® arbeiten und kommunizieren Sie überall im Team. Erledigen Sie alles von überall: jederzeit Zugriff auf die neuesten Microsoft® Office Tools und Profi-E-Mail. Für E-Mail- und Datenaustausch mit eigener IPv4- und IPv6-Adresse – vorkonfiguriert und von uns administriert. Angebot Erstellen Sie einfach und schnell Ihren Online-Shop. Volle Flexibilität für Ihr erfolgreiches E-Commerce Business. Terms & Conditions Host Europe GmbH These are the standard terms and conditions which constitute the general basis for our business and may apply to our business customers General Terms and Conditions of Business of Host Europe GmbH These General Terms and Conditions are provided in English for your convenience. Please note that in case of a dispute or discrepancy between the German Terms and Conditions and the English translation, the German version shall prevail. PART 1 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS § 1 Applicability (1) Host Europe GmbH, c/o WeWork, Friesenplatz 4, 50672 Cologne (hereinafter referred to as the “Provider”) shall deliver for the brand HOST EUROPE its services exclusively on the basis of these general terms and conditions of business. These general terms and conditions of business shall also apply to future agreements concluded between the parties relating to the areas of hosting and domains, even without any further explicit reference thereto. (2) We shall not recognise terms and conditions of the Client that deviate from our own, unless we had expressly agreed thereto in writing. Our general terms and conditions of business shall apply even when we unconditionally supply goods and services to the Client while being aware that the Client’s general terms and conditions contradict our terms or are different therefrom. § 2 Obligations of the Provider (1) The obligations of the Provider are outlined in the service specification for the respective product. Other assurances, service commitments or supplementary agreements shall only become effective when they are confirmed in writing by the Provider. (2) The Provider shall be entitled to expand the scope of his services, adapt and/or improve them to keep pace with technical progress. This shall apply in particular where the adaptation appears to be necessary in order to prevent misuse or if the Provider is required to adapt his services in order to comply with statutory regulations. (3) Should the Provider deliver additional services without charging an additional fee, the Client shall have no right to claim performance. The Provider shall, within a reasonable period, be entitled to discontinue such services previously made available free of charge, to amend such services or to only offer such services against payment. In such cases the Provider shall inform the Client in good time thereof. (4) The Provider shall only be under obligation to provide the Client with technical support in line with the contractually agreed services. Over and above this the Provider shall not provide the Client with any support services free of charge. The Provider shall not provide direct support for the Client’s customers unless otherwise agreed in writing. (5) Where the Client has been provided with fixed IP addresses the Provider reserves the right to change the IP address(es) allocated to the Client, should this become necessary for technical or legal reasons. The Client is not entitled to a particular server unless expressly assured in writing. The Client is aware that it may be necessary in the normal course of business to migrate him to another server without prior approval.The Provider will inform the Client about such changes according to this clause no. 5. § 3 Obligations of the Client (1) The Client shall ensure that the information he provides is correct and complete. He undertakes to immediately inform the Provider of any and each change to the contact details he has given, and of any other data that is necessary for fulfilling the contract. The Client confirms that he is at least 18 years old and able to enter into contracts according to the applicable laws. (2) The Client shall, on a daily basis, make/have made backup copies of all data he transfers to the Provider’s server and that may not actually be stored on the server, in order to ensure the rapid and cost-effective recovery of the data in the event of a system failure. In the event of the loss of data the Client shall re-upload the affected data files to the Provider’s server and restore the configurations free of charge. (3) The Client may not infringe statutory prohibitions, moral standards or the rights of third parties (copyright law, trademark law, rights to the name and data protection law etc.) through his use of his website or the banners that appear on the website. The Client may not enter its website details into search engines when making such entries, if and insofar as the Client infringes statutory prohibitions, moral standards or the rights of third parties through his use of keywords and similar technologies. In the event of any infringement of one of the aforementioned obligations, the Provider shall be entitled to suspend the provision of his services with immediate effect or to block access to the Client’s information. (4) The Client undertakes to regularly change the passwords received from the Provider for the purpose of accessing his services and to keep them strictly confidential. The Client shall immediately inform the Provider as soon as he becomes aware that the password has become known to unauthorised third parties. (5) When designing his website the Client undertakes not to use technologies that place excessive stress on the Provider’s installations. The Provider shall be entitled to block websites that use such technologies so they cannot be accessed by third parties, until such time as the Client has removed/deactivated these technologies. This shall not apply where Clients have sole use of entire servers (dedicated hardware). (6) The Client furthermore undertakes not to use the resources made available by the Provider for purposes that infringe statutory prohibitions, moral standards or the rights of third parties. Such purposes shall include the following in particular: (a) Unauthorised access to third party computer systems (e.g. hacking); (b) Disablement of third party computer systems by sending/forwarding of data streams and/or e-mails (e.g. DoS/DDoS attacks/spam/mail-bombing); (c) Searching for open ports (access) to third party computer systems (e.g. port scanning); (d) Sending of unwanted commercial e-mails (junk mails), unless the express permission of the recipient has been obtained or permission therefor has been otherwise granted; (e) The falsification of IP addresses, mail and news headers or the dissemination of malicious software. In the event that the Client infringes one or more of the aforementioned obligations, the Provider shall be entitled to suspend the provision of all services with immediate effect. We expressly reserve the right to assert claims for damages. (7) Where the transmission of a certain volume of data during an invoicing period has been agreed with the Client, the Client shall monitor this limit. Should the volume of data transferred (traffic) exceed the upper limit agreed with the Client for the respective time period the Provider shall invoice the Client for the corresponding amount for the excessive data traffic at the prices agreed therefor. (8) Where the Client independently administers, installs or distributes the licences installed on the servers, he undertakes to only ensure correct licensing. § 4 Conclusion of the contract, contract term, termination (1) The contract shall become effective upon acceptance by the Provider of the Client’s offer to enter into a contract. The contract shall either be expressly accepted or shall be deemed to be accepted as a result of the Provider commencing performance of the service (2) Unless otherwise agreed, the contract may be terminated by consumers (§13 BGB) with a notice period of at least one month to the end of the initial term; otherwise, the contract shall be continued with an unlimited term ("subsequent term"). The contract can be terminated at any time during the subsequent term with a notice period of one month. For business customers (§14 BGB), the minimum contract term shall be 12 months, unless otherwise agreed, and the period of notice for ordinary termination of the contract shall be one month to the end of the contract term.Unless agreed to the contrary and in the event that no notice of termination is given, the contract shall be automatically extended by the minimum contract term. However, if this is longer than one year the extension shall only be for one year. (3) The right of both parties to give extraordinary notice of termination for good cause shall remain unaffected. Good cause shall be deemed to exist for the Provider in particular if: (a) If the Client is in default with payment of the charges by an amount equivalent to two monthly basic rates; (b) In the event that the Client negligently violates a material contractual obligation and does not remedy the situation within a reasonable period of time. (4) Notice of termination shall be made in writing in order to become effective. You may also give notice of termination by e-mail provided this complies with the electronic form requirements pursuant to § 126 (a) BGB (German Civil Code) (the so-called qualified electronic signature). Where the Provider makes a corresponding termination function available, the contract can also be effectively terminated from within the Customer Information System (CIS). Notwithstanding the previous regulations, consumers (acc. to §13 BGB) can always give notice of termination in text form. (5) For the purpose of domain registration, deviating provisions sometimes apply in relation to termination and these are set forth in § 13 of these general terms and conditions of business. § 5 Prices and payment (1) Usage-independent charges are due and payable in advance for the corresponding contract term, provided that a differing invoicing period has not been agreed with the Client. Usage-dependent charges become due and shall be paid at the end of the corresponding invoicing period. All charges shall be based upon the prices respectively agreed with the Client. (2) The Client shall be deemed to be in payment arrears, even without being sent a reminder notice, if he does not pay within 14 days of receipt of the invoice or of being informed that the invoice has been entered onto the Customer Information System (CIS). (3) Unless otherwise agreed, the Client’s payments shall be made by SEPA direct debit collection. The Client shall issue the Provider, unless otherwise agreed, with a mandate under the SEPA core direct debit scheme to collect all of the charges arising from the contractual relationship. The mandate shall also apply to new bank details notified by the Client. The Provider shall notify the Client of the date of the corresponding direct debit collection in good time (so-called pre-notification). This notification shall be made by e-mail to the debtor at least one working day before payment is collected. The Client shall ensure that, at the time agreed for collecting the direct debit payment, there are sufficient funds in his account to cover the payment. The Client undertakes to indemnify the Provider against losses arising as a result of the financial institution where the Client holds his account withholding payment for any reason. (4) For payments made using PayPal the corresponding PayPal terms and conditions shall apply in addition to these terms and conditions. The Client authorises the Provider to collect the corresponding invoice amount from his PayPal account. (5) In the event of payment default the Provider shall be entitled to demand interest amounting to 10% per annum. The Client shall on the other hand be entitled to provide evidence that no interest – or significantly lower interest costs were incurred. (6) The Provider shall enter an electronic invoice onto the Customer Information System (CIS) for each payment. The Client states his agreement to this. Should the Client request that an invoice be sent by post, the Provider shall be entitled to demand an appropriate fee for each invoice sent. (7) In the event of the temporary blocking of services, the Client’s obligation to pay shall not be affected. (8) The Client may offset claims against the Provider only against undisputed or legally enforceable counterclaims. This shall not apply to the Client’s warranty claims, where these have been set off against the Provider’s claims for payment. (9) Private customers will be charged the statutory rate of value added tax applicable in their respective EU country. § 6 Warranty (1) The Client shall notify the Provider immediately of any defects and assist the Provider in the event of possible defect rectification work by making every effort to assist, in particular by taking all reasonable measures in terms of ensuring data security. (2) The Provider points out that, given the current state of the art, it is not possible to create hardware and software that functions flawlessly for all combinations of applications or that can be protected against any and all forms of manipulation by third parties.The Provider gives no guarantee that the hardware and software it provides will meet the requirements of the Client or that it is suitable for certain applications and furthermore that the hardware and software will function without crashing, is free of defects and free of malicious software. The sole warranty given to the Client by the Provider is that at the time the hardware and software is either used or provided, it will function essentially in accordance with the manufacturer’s specification under normal operating conditions and with normal maintenance. § 7 Liability (1) Irrespective of the legal basis, the Provider shall only be held liable in accordance with the following provisions (2) The Provider shall be liable in cases of intent and gross negligence in accordance with the statutory provisions. (3) In the case of simple negligence, the Provider shall only be held liable in the event of a breach of a material contractual obligation, the proper fulfillment of which constitutes a condition sine qua non and on the fulfillment of which the customer regularly relies and may rely (cardinal obligation). In such cases the Provider’s liability shall be limited to the loss or damage that is foreseeable and typical for the type of contract. (4) In the case of simple negligence, liability for all other damages shall be excluded, in particular for consequential losses, indirect losses and lost profits. (5) The aforestated limitations shall not apply in the case of death, physical injury or damage to health or in the event of liability claims in accordance with the Product Liability Act. (6) Where the Provider’s liability is excluded or limited the same exclusions and limitations shall also apply to the Provider’s employees, other staff, representatives and vicarious agents. (7) Within the scope of application of the German Telecommunications Act (TKG) the provisions regarding liability set forth in § 44a of the Act shall remain unaffected in any case. § 8 Data protection The Provider collects, processes and uses the Client’s personal data in accordance with the statutory data protection provisions. Supplementary information on this issue can be found in the data protection declaration of Host Europe GmbH. § 9 Proprietary rights, licensing agreements (1) The Provider grants the Client the non-exclusive (simple) right to use the Provider’s software and third party software. This right of use shall be limited to the term of the contract. Transferring the right to use the software, other than with the agreement of the Provider for the purpose of contract transfer, or granting sub-licences for the software to third parties is not permitted. Continued use of the software following termination of the contract term is not permitted. The Client shall delete any copies of all software provided following termination of the contract term. (2) For open source programs the respective currently applicable license agreements of the software provider shall apply in addition. The Provider shall make these license agreements available to the Client upon request. Where the terms and conditions of the software provider contradict these terms and conditions the terms and conditions of the software provider shall take precedence. (3) For Microsoft products: Some services offered by the Provider are provided to the Client directly by Microsoft; the Provider remains the Client’s contractual partner in this case. The usage of Microsoft Office 365 Services is subject to the Microsoft End User Licence Agreement ("Ms EULA") and the Microsoft Cloud Agreement, which are both part of this agreement, including regulations regarding data protection and data handling. The Client is aware and accepts that Microsoft may use, store or process his data (including personal data) in accordance with the Microsoft Cloud Agreement. By booking Microsoft products, the Client accepts the appropriate Microsoft regulations and policies. (4) Furthermore, the license agreements of the respective software manufacturer and, where appropriate, the manufacturer’s or software-specific additional terms and conditions of the Provider shall also apply. § 10 Indemnity The Client undertakes to indemnify the Provider internally against any and all third-party claims that arise from unlawful or illegal activities of the Client and against material errors in the information provided by the Client. This shall apply in particular to infringements of copyright law, trademark law, data protection law and competition law and to breaches of §3 (8) of this contract. § 11 Applicable law, place of jurisdiction (1) The laws of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply with the exception of the unified United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG).(2) Provided the Client is a registered trader, a corporate body under public law or a special fund under public law, the exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising directly or indirectly from this contractual relationship shall be Cologne. The Provider shall furthermore be entitled to bring legal action against the Client at the Provider’s general place of jurisdiction. (3) The provider does not take part on a dispute resolution in front of a consumer arbitration board. § 12 Other provisions (1) With the exception of notices of termination, all information and notices issued by the Provider can be addressed to the Client through electronic communication channels, in particular via the CIS or by e-mail to the e-mail address stipulated by the Client. The limitation set forth in § 4 par. 4 shall however apply in the case of notices of termination. (2) Should a provision of this contract be or become invalid or unenforceable or should it contain a loophole that must be closed, the validity of the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected. In place of the invalid or unenforceable provision the parties shall agree upon a new provision which comes as close as possible to the commercial purpose of the invalid or unenforceable provision. The same shall apply in the case of a loophole. PART 2 SPECIAL CONDITIONS § 13 Special conditions applicable to domains (1) Where the Client registers a domain name via the Provider, the contract shall come into effect directly between the Client and the respective issuing service or registrar. In such cases the Provider shall act for the Client in the capacity of an agent. The terms and conditions of the respective issuing service or registrar shall then apply (please see: https://faq.hosteurope.de/index.php?cpid=2062). In case of a dispute to the general terms and conditions of the Provider, the relevant registration terms and conditions shall prevail. (2) The registration of domains is performed using an automated procedure. The Provider has no influence over the delegation of domain names. The Provider therefore assumes no liability in the event that the domain names for which the Client has applied cannot be allocated (delegated) at all or that the domain names are unencumbered by third party rights. (3) The Client undertakes to provide a reasonable degree of cooperation during the registration, transfer and deletion of domains and when making changes to entries in the databases of the issuing agencies. (4) The Client shall ensure that his domains and the content that can be accessed via these domains do not breach statutory regulations or infringe the rights of third parties. Depending upon the type of domain and/or the objective of the associated content, other national legislation must also be observed. (5) Should third parties be able to substantiate that domains or their content infringe their rights or should the Provider become convinced that, on the basis of objective factors, an infringement of the law is probable, the Provider may temporarily block such content and implement measures to render the corresponding domain unavailable. (6) The Client shall indemnify the Provider against third party claims for compensation resulting from the impermissible use of an Internet domain or its associated content. (7) Should the Client waive his right to use a domain name vis-à-vis the respective issuing service or registrar he shall immediately inform the Provider thereof. (8) Termination of the contractual relationship with the Provider shall not materially affect the existing registration contract for a domain concluded between the Client and the respective issuing service or registrar. However, cancellation orders relating to the domain registration must still be addressed to the Provider because the Provider manages the domain for the domain owner and therefore messages from the domain owner, including for contract termination, are to be regularly forwarded via the Provider to the respective issuing service or registrar. (9) In order for the simultaneous termination of the domain registration to become effective when the customer terminates the contractual relationship with the Provider, the Client must give express permission in writing to confirm that the domain is also to be cancelled and that it may be deleted. If the Client is not also the domain owner, the cancellation or deletion order shall require written consent from the domain owner or Admin-Cs. In this context, “written” means the approved form as set forth in § 4 par. 4. (10) The period of notice for issuing domain cancellation orders to the Provider for all domains connected with the top level domains .de, .at, .com, .net, .org, .biz, .info, .eu shall be six weeks to the end of the contract term for domain registration. For all other domains the period of notice shall be three months.(11) With this in mind, the Provider shall immediately forward delayed domain cancellation orders to the domain registration service. We make clear however, that in the event that a cancellation order affecting the domain registration contract is not issued by the Client in good time and the period for which the domain is registered with the issuing service or registrar therefore becomes extended, the Client’s obligation to pay for the domain over this extended period shall remain effective. (12) If the Client terminates the contractual relationship with the Provider, but does not issue any express instructions relating to what should happen to the domains that were previously registered through the Provider, the Client’s obligation to pay for the domain again remains effective. Following fruitless requests to the Client, sent to the e-mail address provided by the Client, to issue instructions regarding the domains within a reasonable period of time (§ 4 par. 4 sentences 1-3), the Provider shall be entitled to transfer the domains to the direct administration of the respective domain registration service or to release the domains on behalf of the Client. The same shall apply in the event that the Provider terminates the contractual relationship with the Client. (13) If domains are not transferred to the administration of a different provider at the latest at the time the agency contract for domain management (concluded between the Client and the Provider) is terminated, the Provider shall be entitled to transfer the domains to the direct administration of the respective domain registration service or to release the domains on behalf of the Client. This shall apply in particular in the event that the Client has issued instructions relating to the transfer of the domain to another provider, but the instructions were not actioned in time. § 14 Special conditions applicable to e-mail services (1) The Client shall check incoming e-mail messages for his various e-mail accounts at regular intervals. The Provider reserves the right to delete the Client’s incoming personal messages once these have been opened or forwarded or if the Client has not opened e-mail messages within three months of them being delivered to the mail server. The Provider furthermore reserves the right to return the Client’s incoming personal messages to the sender once the capacity limit applicable to the respective tariff is exceeded. The Provider shall also be entitled to set an appropriate limit for the size of incoming and outgoing e-mail messages. (2) The Provider may reject e-mail messages addressed to his Clients on the basis of objective criteria, when the facts justify the assumption that an e-mail contains malicious software (viruses, worms, Trojans, etc.), the sender’s details have been falsified or disguised, or that the message is an unrequested or unsolicited commercial communication (junk mail). (3) Sending so-called spam mails is strictly prohibited. This includes in particular the sending of inadmissible, unsolicited advertising to third parties. With regard to the sending of e-mails it is also prohibited to falsify the sender’s information or to disguise the identity of the sender by other means. When sending commercial communications of this character, the Client undertakes to clearly identify the e-mail as a commercial communication through its design and to comply with all of the applicable legal requirements. (4) If the Client sends spam e-mails within the meaning of the previous paragraph, the Provider shall be entitled to temporarily block the Client’s e-mail accounts that were used for this purpose. § 15 Special conditions applicable to hosting products, dedicated and virtual servers (1) The Client provides explicit assurance that the provision and publishing of his websites' contents or data neither infringes German law nor other relevant national legislation, in particular copyright law, trademark law, rights to the name, data protection law and competition law. The Provider reserves the right to temporarily block content that appears to be dubious in this respect. The same shall apply if the Provider is requested by a third party to modify or delete content on hosted websites, because it apparently infringes upon third party rights. (2) In the event that the Client provides evidence that there is no risk of infringing third party rights or any other infringement of the law, the Provider shall make the websites in question available again to third parties. The Client herewith indemnifies the Provider against all third party claims for compensation resulting from impermissible content on one of the Client’s websites. (3) The Client shall be prohibited from providing the following services: • Internet Relay Chat (IRC) services • Anonymisation services • P2P online exchanges (4) When the Client has sole administration rights the Provider cannot manage the server.The Client therefore has sole responsibility for its content and the security of the server. He is responsible for installing security software, informing himself regularly about security vulnerabilities that become known and for removing such vulnerabilities. If the Provider makes security or maintenance software available this shall not release the Client from his responsibilities in this respect. (5) The Client undertakes to set-up and manage his server such that security, integrity, network availability, other servers and the software and data of third parties and of the Provider are not put at risk. (6) Should, as a result of his server security, a Client put at risk the integrity, network availability, other servers and the software and data of third parties and of the Provider or if the Client is under such a suspicion based upon objective circumstances, the Provider shall be entitled to temporarily block the server. This shall apply in particular to so-called denial of service attacks (DoS attacks) that the Client carries out via his server and also in the event that the Client is not responsible for the detrimental act or circumstances, e.g. if the Client’s server is manipulated and used by third parties. A wilful act carried out by the Client shall entitle the Provider to terminate the contractual relationship without notice and without first issuing a warning. (7) If spam e-mails are sent via the server (see the section “Special conditions applicable to e-mail services”) the Provider shall again be entitled to temporarily block the server. (8) Unless otherwise agreed, the Provider shall be under no obligation to back-up client data. If the Client instructs the Provider to provide a data backup service the Client shall, promptly and at regular intervals, check the data backed up by the Provider for completeness and its suitability for data reconstruction. The Client shall immediately inform the Provider of any irregularities discovered. (9) The Provider shall be entitled to regularly check or audit the Client’s server for compliance with the contractual agreements and provisions, in particular the licensing provisions. In line with this, the Provider is in particular entitled to examine whether the Client has obtained a sufficient number of software licenses. The Client shall be obliged to cooperate during the performance of these audits. This includes providing the Provider necessary information and data in a timely fashion and adequate amount as well installing a perpetual software for this purpose or allowing an installation through the Provider. §16 Special conditions for Sucuri products For products of the supplier Sucuri, the terms and conditions of the supplier apply in addition to these terms, which can be found here: https://sucuri.net/terms/. 14.02.2022 Download General Terms and Conditions: General Terms and Conditions of Business of Host Europe GmbH download facebook Twitter © 2023 Host Europe GmbH Wir nutzen Cookies Erfahren Sie mehr. Analyse So verstehen wir besser, wie Besucher unsere Website nutzen. Support Unsere Support-Mitarbeiter können Sie, wenn nötig, unterstützen. Marketing So können wir Ihnen maßgeschneiderte Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen anbieten, die Ihren Anforderungen entsprechen. Grundlegendes Wir benötigen sie, damit diese Seite einwandfrei funktioniert. Einstellungen Schließen AkzeptierenData Privacy Statement Wir verwenden Cookies Akzeptieren Analyse So verstehen wir besser, wie Besucher unsere Website nutzen. Support Unsere Support-Mitarbeiter können Sie, wenn nötig, unterstützen. Marketing So können wir Ihnen maßgeschneiderte Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen anbieten, die Ihren Anforderungen entsprechen. Grundlegendes Wir benötigen sie, damit diese Seite einwandfrei funktioniert. Privacy policy for website operators based on GDPR specifications Welcome to Host Europe GmbH! We are delighted you are visiting our website and thank you for your interest in our company and our first-class products, services, web pages and mobile apps (in summary: our “services”). Data protection and data security are very important to us with regard to the use of our website. We would therefore like to take this opportunity to inform you about the personal data we collect during your visit to our website and what we use this data for. We kindly ask you to routinely read this privacy policy as changes to legislation or our internal corporate processes can necessitate an adaptation of its content. You can call up, save and print out this privacy policy at any time under "Privacy Policy". § 1 Controller and scope The controller in the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter: GDPR), other national data protection laws of member states and additional data protection regulations is: Host Europe GmbH c/o WeWork Friesenplatz 4 50672 Cologne Germany Tel.: +49 2233 99341040 E-Mail: info@hosteurope.de Website: www.hosteurope.de This privacy policy applies to the website(s) of Host Europe GmbH that is accessible via the domain www.hosteurope.de and various subdomains (hereinafter: “our website”). § 2 Data protection officer The controller’s external data protection officer is: Dr. Karsten Kinast, LL.M. (Attorney) KINAST Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH Hohenzollernring 54 D-50672 Cologne Tel.: +49 221 222183-0 E-Mail: mail@kinast.eu Website: www.kinast.eu § 3 Principles of data processing The term personal data refers to all information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person. It includes, for instance, information such as your name, age, address, telephone number, date of birth, email address, IP address and user behavior. Information that does not allow us to establish a connection to you as a person (or would only allow such a connection with an unreasonable amount of effort), for instance anonymized information, is not classed as personal data. Processing personal data (for instance collecting, querying, using, storing and transferring personal data) always requires a legal basis or your consent. Processed personal data is deleted as soon as the purpose for which it was collected is fulfilled and statutory retention periods no longer apply. Insofar as we process your personal data in order to provide specific services to you, the following serves to inform you of the concrete processes, the scope and the purpose of data processing, the legislation on which it is based and the duration of storage in each case. We may rely on our affiliated companies or other third parties to process personal data, please refer to our subcontract list. § 4 Individual processing activities 1. Website provision and use a. Type and scope of data processing When you call up and visit our website, we collect personal data that your browser automatically sends to our server. This information is stored temporarily in a so-called log file. When you use our website, we collect the following data needed for technical reasons to display the website and guarantee its security and stability: IP address of the requesting computerDate and time of accessName of the URL and the requested fileThe website from which access was made (referrer URL)Your browser and possibly also your computer’s operating system as well as the name of your access provider b. Legal basis Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR serves as the legal basis for data processing activities detailed in the preceding. Processing the specified data is an essential part of making the website accessible and therefore serves a legitimate interest of our company. c. Duration of storage The specified data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed to display the website. Collecting the data is essential to making the website available; storing the data in log files is essential to operating the website. The user therefore has no option to object to collection and storage. In some cases data may be stored for other purposes if required by law. 1a. Chat tool a. Type and scope of data processing If you have allowed the placement of support-cookies on our website through our cookie-interface, the tool LiveEngage of the vendor Liveperson will be used.LiveEngage stores the following information: Chat and messaging transcripts on our behalf and automatic information, such as IP address, operating system and type of device used. More information can be found here: www.liveperson.com/policies/privacy b. Legal basis Processing your data in order to enable you the usage of our chat tool is based on the following voluntary declaration of consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR: Declaration of consent: By clicking the “Accept” button with an activated “Support” option, I declare my consent to having my IP address and other data processed for the purpose of enabling the chat tool. I have read and accepted the current privacy policy. I can withdraw my consent to the collection of my personal data captured during the registration process at any time by changing my cookie settings at www.hosteurope.de/en/agb/datenschutzerklaerung/ and deselecting the “Support” option. 2. Registration / User account a. Type and scope of data processing Our website offers you an option to register as a user by submitting your personal data. Your registration is required for the purpose of concluding a contract with us or for pre-contractual activities with regard to providing you with permanent access to the subscribed services. We use your processed data to create a personalized user account for you that you can use to access specific content and services such as webhosting, server, domains, SSL & security, email & office and homepage & shop on our website. Your contact details can be used for authentication purposes and to restore or log you into your account. You can see in detail which personal data we process during registration from the following overview: NameEmail addressAddressDate of birthIP addressTelephone numberPayment information b. Legal basis Processing the preceding personal data serves the fulfillment of a contract between you and Host Europe GmbH or the implementation of pre-contractual activities in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect by sending an email to the email address detailed in clause 1 above or to the data protection officer (cf. clause 2 above). c. Duration of storage Processed data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for contract performance purposes. It may also be necessary to keep your personal data on record after the fulfillment of a contract to meet contractual or legal requirements. In some cases data may be stored for other purposes if required by law. d. Cancelling registration You can cancel your registration as a user at any time. You can also request changes to be made to your personal data on record. To do so, please use the link in your customer menu or contact us at privacy@hosteurope.de. However, if the processed data is required for the purpose of contract performance or pre-contractual activities, it can only be deleted prematurely if contractual or legal obligations allow. 3. Newsletter a. Type and scope of data processing Our website offers you an option to subscribe to a free newsletter. We require the following details from you if you wish to subscribe: Email Address Your personal data will not be shared with any third party in connection with your newsletter subscription. Newsletter subscriptions are based on the so-called double opt-in method. This means we will only send you newsletters if you click on the link in a confirmation email sent to you to confirm your subscription. This is to ensure that only you can subscribe to the newsletter using your email address. You will need to confirm your subscription soon after receiving the confirmation email as your details will otherwise be automatically deleted from our database. b. Legal basis Processing your email address in order to send you newsletters is based on the following voluntary declaration of consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) GDPR: Declaration of consent: By entering my data and clicking the “Send” button, I declare my consent to having my email address processed for the purpose of receiving regular newsletters. I can cancel my newsletter subscription at any time by clicking on the corresponding link at the end of each newsletter. I have read and accepted the current privacy policy. I can withdraw my consent to the collection of my personal data captured during the registration process at any time by contacting privacy@hosteurope.de. You can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect by sending an email to the email address detailed in clause 1 above or to the data protection officer (cf. clause 2 above). c. Duration of storage Your email address will be stored for as long as you are subscribed to the newsletter. Your email address will be deleted when you unsubscribe from the newsletter. In some cases data may be kept on record for other purposes if required by law. d.Personalized Advertising We may process stock data from customers with customer accounts and newsletter opt-in to recommend them individually interesting products. This is done on the basis of a balance of interest according to Art. 6 (1) GDPR. You may at any time object to this processing of your personal data by contacting privacy@hosteurope.de. We will then not process your data for this purpose in the future. 4. Contact form a. Type and scope of data processing You can get in touch with us via a contact form made available to you on our website. You will be informed of this privacy policy when you submit your inquiry via the contact form in order to obtain your consent. When you make use of the contact form, the following personal data will be collected and processed via the form: NameEmail AddressMessage contentCustomer number (voluntary) We require your email address in order to allocate your inquiry and send you a response. Your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party when you use the contact form. b. Legal basis The processing of data for contact purposes as described above (cf. clause 4 4. a.) is based on the following voluntary declaration of consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 (a): By entering my data and clicking the “Send” button, I declare my consent to having my email address, my name and customer number processed for the purpose of responding to my contact inquiry. I have read and accepted the current privacy policy. I can withdraw my consent at any time with future effect by contacting privacy@hosteurope.de. You can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect by sending an email to the email address detailed in clause 1 above or to the data protection officer (cf. clause 2 above). c. Duration of storage We will delete the personal data collected from you via the contact form as soon as we have dealt with your inquiry and brought the subject matter to a close. In some cases data may be kept on record for other purposes if required by law. 5. Order form a. Type and scope of data processing The order form consists of data fields you can fill in on our website. Users filling in the order form will enter the following personal data to obtain various services (e.g. orders, offers) from the controller: TitleNameStreetZip codePlaceCountryEmailCompany The following (additional) personal data will be required if you wish to be called back: Telephone number b. Legal basis Processing the preceding personal data serves the fulfillment of a contract between you and Host Europe GmbH or the implementation of pre-contractual activities in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) GDPR. You can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with future effect by sending an email to the email address detailed in clause 1 above or to the data protection officer (cf. clause 2 above). c. Duration of storage The duration of storage with regard to the preceding personal data depends on the nature of your inquiry. Your data will be routinely deleted insofar as the purpose of your communication no longer applies and data storage is no longer necessary. 6. Contact options on our website Our website offers you various options to contact us by email: E-Mail Service & Support: support@hosteurope.deE-Mail Sales: sales@hosteurope.deE-Mail Contracts: vertrag@hosteurope.de a. Type and scope of data processing Every user of this website can send their inquiries to this email address. Email inquiries are processed by the appropriate department. The data we collect in this case is limited to the email address of the email account you used to contact us and any other personal data you disclose to us within the scope of your inquiry. b. Legal basis The lawfulness of data collection is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR as both you and we have an interest in contacting and communicating with one another and we as a company have a legitimate interest in processing the data detailed in the preceding in order to respond to your inquiry. c. Duration of storage The duration of storage with regard to the preceding personal data depends on the nature of your inquiry. Your data will be routinely deleted insofar as the purpose of your communication no longer applies and data storage is no longer necessary (or once we have finished handling your inquiry). § 5 Disclosing data We will only disclose your data to third parties if: You have explicitly granted your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (a) GDPRTo do so is lawful and necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations towards you in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (b) GDPRWe are obligated to do so by law in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (c) GDPRDisclosure is necessary to protect our legitimate interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 p.1 (f) GDPR and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest in non-disclosure worthy of protection. § 6 Use of cookies a. Type and scope of data processing Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small files that are sent to and stored by your browser when you visit our web pages. Certain technical cookies are essential as some of our website’s functions will not work without them. Other cookies enable us to carry out a range of analyses. Cookies can, for instance, recognize your browser and send certain information to us when you return to our website. Cookies enable us to make our website more effective and user-friendly for you as they can help us to understand how you use our website and your preferred settings (for instance country and language settings). If third parties use cookies to process information, this information will be collected directly from your browser. Cookies do not cause any damage to your end device. They cannot execute programs and do not contain viruses. Our website uses different kinds of cookies whose type and function are explained in the following. Art 1: Transient-Cookies Our website uses transient cookies, which are automatically deleted when you close your browser. This type of cookies enables capturing your session- ID. It enables us to assign different requests from your browser in one session and it is possible for us to recognize your device on later visits. Art 2: Persistent-Cookies Our website uses persistent cookies. Persistent cookies are cookies that are stored in your browser for a longer time period and send information to us. The storage duration depends on the type of cookie. You can delete persistent cookies yourself using your browser settings. Function 1: Required cookies These cookies are required for technical reasons as they enable you to visit our website and use the functions we provide. This includes, for instance, the following applications: Website-tracking (order process). These cookies also contribute towards making the use of our website secure and in compliance with regulations. Function 2: Performance-related cookies These cookies enable us to analyze the use of our website and to improve its performance and functionality. They are used to collect information on how visitors use our website, which pages are most frequently visited and whether error messages appear on certain pages. Function 3: Cookies for marketing and social media Advertising cookies (third-party providers) make it possible to show you various offers that correspond to your interests. These cookies collect data on user web activity over extended periods of time. The cookies may recognize you on various of your end devices. The following third parties receive personal data from cookies incorporated in our website: GoogleBingOptimizelyAwinAdwords Conversion TagQualarooFacebook Retargeting Furthermore, certain cookies allow us to create a connection to your social networks and to share the content of our website with your networks. b. Legal basis The legal basis for processing personal data using cookies is Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR on account of the purposes described in the preceding (cf. clause 6. a.). If you have granted your consent to the use of cookies in response to a notice (“cookie banner”) on the website, then lawfulness is also based on Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (a) GDPR. c. Duration of storage The information will be deleted as soon as the data provided to us via the cookies is no longer required to fulfill the purposes described in the preceding. In some cases data may be stored for other purposes if required by law. d. Configuration of browser settings Most browser are set to accept cookies by default. You can, however, configure your browser so that it only accepts certain cookies or none at all. Please note, however, that you may not be able to use all the functions of our website if its cookies are deactivated in your browser settings. You can also use your browser settings to delete cookies already stored in your browser. In addition, you can set your browser to inform you whenever a cookie is about to be stored. As browsers differ in regards to their functionality, please refer to your browser’s help menu for information on adjusting configuration options. We recommend installing specific plug-ins if you want to see a comprehensive overview of all third parties with access to your web browser. § 7 Tracking and analysis tools We use tracking and analysis tools to ensure our website is continuously optimized and its design is suitable for its purpose. Tracking measures also enable us to collect statistical data with regard to user behavior on our website and to use the insights gained to further improve our online offering for you. These interests justify the use of tracking and analysis tools described below in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (f) GDPR.If you have granted your consent to the use of cookies in response to a notice (“cookie banner”) on the website, then lawfulness is also based on Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (a) GDPR. The purpose of tracking and analysis tools and the data they process can also be referenced from the following descriptions. You can use our website’s cookie settings to activate and deactivate your selection of tracking and analysis tools at any time. 1. Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountainview, CA 94043 USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website, for instance the time, location and frequency of your visits, is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. The collection of other personal data in addition to your IP address by the cookies set by Google Analytics cannot be ruled out when Google Analytics is used. Please note that Google may disclose this information to third parties if required to do so by law or if a third party processes the information on behalf of Google. Google will use this information on behalf of the website operator for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website and internet usage to the website operator. According to Google, Google will not associate the IP address transferred by your browser within the context of Google Analytics with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies on your computer by adjusting the corresponding settings in your browser. Please note, however, that you may not be able to use all the functions of this website in full if you do so. The collection of other personal data in addition to your IP address by the cookies set by Google Analytics cannot be ruled out. In addition to deactivating tracking cookies as described in the preceding, you can also prevent Google Analytics from collecting information about your use of the website and transferring it to Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. This plug-in prevents information about your visit to the website from being sent to Google Analytics. The plug-in does not prevent any other form of analysis. This website uses Google Analytics with the “anonymizeIp” extension to ensure the best possible protection of your personal data. The code deletes the last 8 bits of IP addresses so that your IP address is anonymized when it is collected (so-called IP masking). Google truncates and therefore anonymizes IP addresses in Member States of the European Union as well as in other countries that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before they are sent to the USA. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to and truncated by a Google server in the USA. With this consent, you also consent to the transmission of your usage behavior to Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043) in the United States. Google reserves the right to use the data received for other purposes and to link your data to others. The US is considered by the European Court of Justice to be a country with an inadequate level of data protection by EU standards. In particular, due to the absence of an adequacy decision and without appropriate safeguards, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly without any redress. 2. Google AdWords We use “Google AdWords” technology in general and, in particular, conversion tracking. Google Conversion Tracking is an analysis service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Clicking on an advertisement placed by Google will install a conversion tracking cookie on your computer. These cookies are valid for 30 days and are not used for personal identification purposes. If you visit certain pages of our website while the cookie is still active, both Google and we can recognize that you clicked on a specific advertisement and were subsequently transferred to this website. Every Google AdWords customer is given a different cookie. It is therefore impossible to track cookies via the websites of AdWords customers. The data collected by conversion cookies serves to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who use conversion tracking. Customers receive information on the number of users who clicked on their advertisement and were subsequently transferred to a website with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that would allow users to be personally identified.If you do not want to participate in conversion tracking, you can prevent this by adjusting your browser’s settings accordingly so that, for instance, setting cookies is generally prohibited. You can also deactivate conversion tracking cookies by adjusting your browser so that only cookies from “googleadservices.com” are blocked. 3. Google Remarketing We use “Google Remarketing” technology provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Remarketing is used to show adverts to users who have already visited our web pages and online services and displayed an interest in a specific offering. This enables targeted, interest-based advertisements within Google’s advertisement network to be displayed on our website. Google Remarketing uses cookies for analysis purposes. They enable the recognition of our visitors as soon as they visit websites participating in Google’s advertising network. These cookies make it possible to display targeted, interest-based advertisements on the basis of websites in Google’s advertisement network that were previously visited by the user (and that also use Google Remarketing). If you do not wish to see any targeted, interest-based advertisements, you can deactivate Google’s use of cookies via this link: https://www.google.de/settings/ads. 4. ZANOX We use technology of AWIN AG, Stralauer Allee 2, 10245 Berlin. Should visitors access our website via a link from a ZANOX affiliate network and place an order, the conclusion is anonymously transferred to ZANOX via a trackingcode, to credit a commission to the partner for the conversion. More information can be found at: https://www.awin.com/de/rechtliches/privacy-policy 5. Optimizely On this website Optimizely, a web analyst serice of Optimizely, Inc. ("Optimizely") is used to facilitate and conduct A/B-Tests to further enhance our website. Optimizely uses cookies to analyze the website. The information stored in the cookie about your using of this website are generally transferred and stored to a server of Optimizely in the USA. You can deactivate the Optimizely-Tracking at any time (and thus prevent the capturing of the usage data of the cookie – including your IP address – and usage and processing of this data through Optimizely). Information and a possibility to prevent your usage information from being captured by and being transferred to Optimizely can be found, in addition the the previously mentioned possibility of deactivating your tracking cookies, at the following link: https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out/ 6. Qualaroo Qualaroo LLC., PO Box 29502 #18534, Las Vegas, Nevada 48084, USA, provides us with a solution for website surveys and analysis to enhance user experience. Qualaroo does not receive personal identifiable information, all contents are anonymized. More information can be found at: https://qualaroo.com/privacy-policy/ 7. Bing Bing Conversion Tracking from Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052- 6399, USA – can store a temporary cookie on your computer if you click on one of our adverts at Bing or on select websites of the Bing-network. Should you reach our website via such a conversion page, your clicking of the advert will be stored with us and Microsoft Bing. This enables us to create conversion-statistics, which means tracking how many users conduct and order after being referred to us via a conversion site. More information and a possibility to prevent capturing of information of your website usage through Bing Ads and this being transferred to Microsoft can be found, in addition the the previously mentioned possibility of deactivating your tracking cookies, at the following link: http://choice.microsoft.com/de. 8. Google reCAPTCHA For increased security of some of our sites we use the service reCAPTCHA from Google Inc. This helps in distinguishing whether site calls are made by a natural person or by machine or automated processing. For this, the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service is sent to Google. For more information about the Google Inc. privacy policy, see http://www.google.de/intl/de/privacy or https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy. 9. Facebook Retargeting We use the retargeting function of Facebook Ireland Limited Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The function allows users of our website to be targeted with advertising on our partner's website. This is done using cookies and analyzing user behavior. Neither personal data is stored nor any usage profiles are merged with personal data. This function is only applicable if you have agreed to the use of advertising-related cookies in the cookie settings. The function can be disabled at any time under https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences. 10.Lead Inspector For the statistical evaluation of visitor access, Lead Inspector GmbH uses technologies to collect, process and store data for marketing purposes and to identify web visitors. The Lead Inspector GmbH technology uses this data to determine addresses, but only in cases where it can ensure that the visitor is a company and not a single person. Cookies can be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The company data collected by Lead Inspector GmbH may also contain personal data. Lead Inspector GmbH may use information left behind by visits to the websites in order to create anonymous user profiles. Insofar as IP addresses are collected, they are made anonymous immediately after collection by deleting the last block of numbers. Lead Inspector GmbH's collection and storage of data for this website can be contradicted at any time with future effect under https://www.leadinspector.de/widerspruch. 11. Aklamio This website uses the "Conversion tracking pixel" of Aklamio GmbH, Hagelberger Str. 11, 10965 Berlin. After clicking on a referral link belonging to the Aklamio advertising network, a cookie for conversion tracking is stored on your system. This shows us via which partner you reached our site. Also a completed order can be traced and assigned to its origin. The purpose of the processing is to be able to understand the scope of advertising measures and to process commission payments. You can prevent the storage of cookies by appropriate settings of the browser. These measures will still allow you to continue to visit our platforms, but in this case orders cannot be assigned and therefore no premium can be paid out. For more information, please visit: https://www.aklamio.com/privacy?locale=en. 12.Qualtrics To conduct user surveys on our homepage and in the customer area, we use a solution from Qualtrics LLC, 333 W. River Park Drive, Provo, UT 84604, United States of America ("Qualtrics"), which collects, processes and stores data from web visitors for analytical purposes. Cookies may be used for this purpose. Qualtrics collects the IP address of the visitor and stores it for 72hrs. Further information can be found in the Qualtrics privacy policy: https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/. The function is only used if you have consented to the use of analytics-related cookies in the cookie settings. § 8 Hyperlinks Our website contains so-called hyperlinks to websites operated by other providers. Activating a hyperlink will transfer you directly to the website of the corresponding provider. You can recognize the transfer by the change of URL, for example. We cannot accept any liability for the confidential use of your data on these websites as we have no influence on the compliance of these companies with data protection regulations. Please refer directly to the website concerned to obtain information on how your personal data is handled. 8a Other external services 1. Google Maps - Places a. The nature and scope of data processing This website uses Google Maps Places, an address completion service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountainview, CA 94043 USA ("Google"). This means that your IP address and, if applicable, the address entered in question will be transferred to Google in the USA. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. For more information through Google, as well as your privacy rights and settings, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de. b. Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR serves as the legal basis for data processing activities detailed in the preceding. Processing the specified data is an essential part of making the website accessible and therefore serves a legitimate interest of our company. § 9 Right of access The GDPR stipulates that you as a data subject whose data is processed have the following rights: Pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, you can request information with regard to your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can request information in relation to the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; the categories of recipients to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed, including recipients in third countries or international organizations; the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored; the existence of the right to request from us the rectification or erasure of your personal data or restriction of processing of your personal data or to object to such processing; the existence of the right to lodge a complaint; the source of your personal data to the extent that it was not collected by us; and the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and any meaningful information about the particulars thereof. Pursuant to Art.16 GDPR, you can demand the immediate correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us.Pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR, you have a right to request the erasure of your personal data stored by us insofar as processing is not required for the purpose of exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, you have a right to restrict our use of your personal data if you contest the accuracy of the data; the processing is unlawful; we no longer need the personal data, but it is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Your right pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR remains unaffected if you have lodged an objection to data processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR.Pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; you also have the right to have your data transmitted to another controller. Pursuant to Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR, you have the right to withdraw previously granted consent at any time. Consequentially, we will not be permitted to continue processing your data on the basis of your consent in the future.Pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You can contact the supervisory authority of the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. § 10 Right to Object In relation to the processing of your personal data on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 p. 1 (f) GDPR, you have the right pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR to object to your data being processed on grounds relating to your particular situation or if your objection concerns direct marketing. With regard to direct marketing, you have a general right to object without providing a specific reason and we are required to take appropriate action. § 11 Data safety and security measures 1. Security measures We undertake to protect your privacy and to treat your personal data confidentially. We have implemented extensive technological and organizational measures to prevent the manipulation, loss or misuse of your personal data stored on our servers. These measures are routinely reviewed and adapted to reflect technological developments. They include the use of acknowledged encryption methods (SSL or TLS). Please note, however, that the structure of the internet makes it possible for persons and institutions outside of our sphere of control to disregard data protection regulations and the security measures detailed in the preceding. In particular, data that is transmitted without prior encryption – for instance by email – can be read by third parties. We have no technological influence in this regard. It is the user’s responsibility to protect the data provided by them from misuse by way of encryption or other suitable means. We use GoDaddy RUM "Real User Management" technology on this website. This tool is provided by our affiliate company GoDaddy.com LLC, 14455 N. Hayden Rd., Ste. 226, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 USA. With GoDaddy RUM, we can ensure the availability of our website and improve loading times. This is a technically necessary processing to ensure the functionality of our website. For this purpose, your IP address is transmitted to the provider of the tool, then truncated and only the geo-information (city, country, ISP) is evaluated. The IP address will not be stored after that. For more information, please visit: https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy. 2. MaxMind MinFraud a. Type and scope of data processing To prevent fraud when placing an order, we use the service MinFraud, a service of MaxMind, 14 Spring Street, 3rd Floor, Waltham, MA 02451, USA. MaxMind isPrivacy-Shield-certified. The following data is transmitted: NameIP-address and browseridentifieremailinvoice addresspayment details, for example bank account or credit card numberorder sum For more information we refer to https://www.maxmind.com/en/privacy-policy b. Legal basis Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR serves as the legal basis for data processing activities detailed in the preceding. Processing the specified data is an essential part of reducing the risk of payment default, misuse or fraud in our orders and therefore serves a legitimate interest of our company. c. Duration of storage The data is stored for 18 months with the service provider and then deleted. 3. Web Application Firewall To protect the IT of Host Europe and its customers (Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. f DSGVO) we use a web application firewall of the affiliated group company Sucuri ( https://sucuri.net) on our website and in the customer menu.This serves as a filter between our servers and potentially malicious traffic from the Internet. It protects against fraudulent activities such as SQL injections and cross-site scripting. Information about the personal data required for this service can be found here: https://blog.sucuri.net/2018/05/sucuri-gdpr.html. The Sucuri Privacy Policy can be viewed here: https://sucuri.net/privacy, Compliance with Data Protection at Host Europe is secured by a data processing agreement and appropriate guarantees for data transfers to third countries, including the United States. To protect the IT of Host Europe and its customers’ interests in safeguarding its IT systems (Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR) we deploy the Cloudflare ( https://www.cloudflare.com/) Web Application Firewall on the DomainFactory website and your customer control panel. This will act as a filter between our servers and potentially malicious traffic from the Internet, protecting against fraudulent activities such as SQL injections and Cross-Site Scripting. Information on the data necessarily collected for these services and the type of processing can be found here: https://blog.cloudflare.com/what-cloudflare-logs/; Cloudflare’s Privacy Policy can be accessed here: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/. A data processing agreement and appropriate safeguards for data transfers to non-EU countries, including to the U.S., ensure the DomainFactory data protection compliance. To protect the IT of Host Europe and its customers’ interests in safeguarding its IT systems (Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) GDPR) we deploy the Akamai ( https://www.akamai.com/us/en/resources/waf.jsp) Web Application Firewall on our website and your customer control panel. This will act as a filter between our servers and potentially malicious traffic from the Internet, protecting against fraudulent activities such as SQL injections and Cross-Site Scripting. To support this functionality we may rely on DNS and CDN services by Akamai. Information on the data necessarily collected for these services and the type of processing can be found here: https://www.akamai.com/us/en/privacypolicies/; their Privacy Policy can be accessed here: https://www.akamai.com/de/de/multimedia/documents/akamai/akamai-privacy-statement.pdf. Compliance with Data Protection at Host Europe is secured by a data processing agreement and appropriate guarantees for data transfers to third countries, including the United States. Download Data Privacy Statement: Data Privacy Statement of Host Europe GmbH download facebook Twitter © 2023 Host Europe GmbH Wir nutzen Cookies Erfahren Sie mehr. Analyse So verstehen wir besser, wie Besucher unsere Website nutzen. Support Unsere Support-Mitarbeiter können Sie, wenn nötig, unterstützen. Marketing So können wir Ihnen maßgeschneiderte Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen anbieten, die Ihren Anforderungen entsprechen. Grundlegendes Wir benötigen sie, damit diese Seite einwandfrei funktioniert. Einstellungen Schließen Akzeptieren