GoDaddy - Global Privacy Notice To view our archived Privacy Notice, click here GoDaddy empowers entrepreneurs everywhere, making opportunity more inclusive for all. We also empower you to manage your privacy preferences and exercise your privacy rights when visiting our website, using our services, and communicating with us. As described below, website visitors can manage their privacy preferences directly through this notice by visiting Manage Privacy Settings customers can manage their privacy preferences in their Account Settings page, and you can always reach us at privacy@godaddy.com or by mail at the addresses listed in Contact Us to exercise your privacy rights. This Global Privacy Notice describes the core privacy practices of all GoDaddy companies and applies to all individuals regardless of where they live. The laws in some places where we do business also require customized local privacy notices, which you can access through the following links: We encourage you to review your local customized notice if you live in one of these areas. This global privacy notice covers personally identifiable information (PII) when we act as the data controller. PII identifies or could be used to identify a specific person, and any data about that person. For example, your name, address, and payment details are PII.We act as a controller when we process PII for our own use. For example, we act as a controller when you provide your PII to open an account. This notice does not apply when you process PII for your own benefit. For example, when you send email for your business purposes that includes PII, you are acting as the “controller”. When you act as the controller, we act as the “processor” and process PII only in accordance with your instructions or as required by law. This notice also does not apply to third-party applications offered through our services or linked through our website, such as Microsoft 365 and similar offerings. Please review the privacy notice of any third-party service or website before using it. We recognize several core privacy rights: the right to know what PII we hold about youthe right to access, correct, or delete your PIIthe right to transfer your PII (data portability)the right to set your marketing and advertising preferences We promptly review requests to exercise privacy rights. If more information is needed to process your request, we will contact you by email or, if we do not have an email address on file for you, by the same method you made your request. If we do not honor your request for legal or other reasons, we will explain why we did not honor your request, your right to appeal, and your right to file a complaint (if available where you live). PII You Provide We collect PII when you set up an account, use our services, or contact us. Examples of PII we may collect from you include your name, email, phone number, address, and payment method. PII We Collect Automatically We collect PII automatically when you visit our websites, use our services, contact us, open our emails, or view our advertising. Examples of PII we may collect include your device ID, your IP address, information about web pages and other websites you visit, and other similar details. PII from Other Sources We may collect PII about you from other sources. Examples of PII obtained from other sources include publicly available data, social media information, and information lawfully gathered by third party data providers. We use PII to operate our business and provide services. Examples of how we use PII include: Managing accountsProcessing purchase requestsRegistering domains you purchaseProviding customer supportSecuring, updating, and improving our servicesDetecting fraud and other illegal activityCustomized marketing and personalized advertising of our servicesContacting you by telephone, text or messaging applications to offer you servicesWebsite traffic measurement We do not sell PII. We disclose PII: to processors to operate our business and deliver services, including providing security services, payment processing and customer support; conducting contests and surveys; and performing other activities related to our business and services. to business partners to offer some services, such as email and payment processing. to marketers and advertisers who create personalized marketing and advertising messages. to comply with law enforcement and other legal requests, protect our legal rights, prevent harm to us or others, and enforce our policies and contracts. if we sell some or all of our assets or merge with a third-party we may transfer relevant PII to the buyer or new company. Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Tools We use three main “identifiers” on our website and in our services: cookies, web beacons, and scripts. Cookies are text files placed on your device when you visit our webpages or view messages from us.Some cookies are “session cookies” that expire at the end of your browser session, while others are “persistent cookies” that allow us to remember your preferences and settings over multiple visits and across other websites. Web Beacons are image files placed in our web pages and emails. Scripts are small pieces of computer code that power customer service tools, deliver video, and provide interactive experiences. We also use scripts for measuring service use. We manage some identifiers directly. Other identifiers are managed by third parties. For example, we use Google Analytics to monitor site performance and visitor engagement. We use identifiers to provide customized services, measure website performance, provide customer support, and deliver personalized advertising. Examples of how we use identifiers include: Setting your service preferences Managing your shopping cart Guarding against fraud Delivering relevant advertisements Measuring website use Conducting research to improve our services You can manage identifier settings by clicking on Manage Privacy Settings through the link in this notice. Customers can also manage their identifier settings for our website and our services through their customer account. We use optional and mandatory cookies and other identifiers. Optional cookies and other identifiers are used for support, website performance, and advertising. Mandatory cookies and other identifiers are used for account, verification, service continuity, security, and other functions necessary to provide our website and services. In addition to our Manage Privacy Settings options, many web browsers allow users to block cookies (directly or through plugins and extensions). Some cookies, however, are essential for our website and services to function. If you set your browser to block all cookies, you may not be able to use our services. Some web browsers provide a “Do Not Track” feature. There are no generally accepted standards for this feature and we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. We also do not recognize any universal opt-out mechanism, such as the Global Privacy Control, which is still under development. You can manage your marketing and advertising preferences, including whether you wish to receive customized marketing and advertising: Through this notice by clicking Manage Privacy Settings If you are a customer, through your Account Settings We store PII on our own systems and with trusted service providers, including Amazon Web Services. We transfer PII internationally to operate our business and provide services. We comply with applicable law when making international transfers. We also participate in the EU-US and Switzerland-US Privacy Shield Programs administered by the US Department of Commerce. Please see our European Data Protection Disclosures for more information on transfers from the EU/EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. We retain PII for our business needs and to comply with law. If we no longer need PII, we may delete it or de-identify it so that it no longer identifies a specific person. Factors we consider when deciding when to delete or de-identify your PII include: (1) if you still have an account, (2) if we are required to retain PII to comply with law, or (3) if the PII is needed for tax other business purposes. We use risk-based measures to protect PII, including appropriate security controls and employee training. We also require that our service providers, business partners, and advertisers use appropriate risk-based controls to protect PII. We do not knowingly collect PII about anyone under 18 without permission from their legal guardian. Please contact us at privacy@godaddy.com if you believe we have collected information from a child without permission from their legal guardian. We process PII upon your request, with your consent, to fulfill our contract with you, based on our legitimate interest, or other lawful bases. The specific basis of processing depends on the services you are using, the data being processed, the place where the processing occurs, and the place where you live. If you have questions about our basis for processing your PII, please contact us at privacy@godaddy.com . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. We do not provide any financial incentives for providing PII to us. We may modify this notice at any time. If we make changes, we will notify you by posting a notice on our website, through the services, or by email. Contact Us If you have any questions, you can contact at privacy@godaddy.com or by mail at: United States: Attn: Office of the Data Protection Officer, 2155 E.GoDaddy Way, Tempe, AZ 85284 USAUnited Kingdom: Attn: Legal, Office of the DPO, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA.European Union (EEA) / Switzerland: Attn: Legal, Office of the DPO, Hansestraße 79, 51149 Cologne, GermanyAsia: Attn: Office of the Data Protection Officer, 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898 We respond to all questions or concerns within 30 days. LegalAgreementsPrivacy Policy Sign up for news and special offers. Sign up We're here to help. About UsCareersCorporate ResponsibilityInvestor RelationsLegalNewsroomTrust CenterHelp CenterCommunityVenture Forward: Microbusiness DataGoDaddy BlogContact UsReport AbuseWebmailWHOISGoDaddy Mobile AppICANN ConfirmationDesigners & DevelopersCorporate DomainsRedeem CodeProduct CatalogVideosBusiness Name Generator AffiliatesReseller ProgramsGoDaddy ProMy ProductsRenewals & BillingCreate AccountBuy a DomainWebsitesWordPressHostingWeb SecurityEmail & OfficePhone Numbers Argentina - Español Australia - English België - Nederlands Belgique - Français Brasil - Português Canada - English Canada - Français Chile - Español Colombia - Español Danmark - Dansk Deutschland - Deutsch España - Español Estados Unidos - Español France - Français Hong Kong - English India - English India - हिंदी Indonesia - Bahasa Indonesia Ireland - English Israel - English Italia - Italiano Malaysia - English México - Español Nederland - Nederlands New Zealand - English Norge - Bokmål Österreich - Deutsch Pakistan - English Perú - Español Philippines - English Polska - Polski Portugal - Português Schweiz - Deutsch Singapore - English South Africa - English Suisse - Français Suomi - Suomi Sverige - Svenska Svizzera - Italiano Türkiye - Türkçe United Arab Emirates - English United Kingdom - English United States - English Venezuela - Español Việt Nam - Tiếng Việt Ελλάδα - Ελληνικά Україна - Українська الإمارات العربية المتحدة - اللغة العربية ไทย - ไทย 대한민국 - 한국어 台灣 - 繁體中文 新加坡 - 简体中文 日本 - 日本語 香港 - 繁體中文 LegalPrivacy PolicyCookies Use of this Site is subject to express terms of use. By using this site, you signify that you agree to be bound by these Universal Terms of Service .