OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY HP recognizes that privacy is a fundamental human right and further recognizes the importance of privacy, security and data protection to our customers and partners worldwide. We strongly encourage you to take some time to read our Privacy Statement in full. VIEW HP'S PRIVACY STATEMENT REINVENT YOUR PRIVACY Whether you are our Customer or Partner, you can count on HP for the protection of your personal data across all of our operations. HP PRIVACY RULES HP’s BCR for Controller is a corporate privacy compliance framework made up of a binding agreement, business processes and policies, training and guidelines which has been approved by the Data Protection Authorities of most EU Member States. LEARN MORE YOUR PRIVACY REQUESTS AND FEEDBACK Let us know what you think. At HP we are committed to protecting your privacy and your feedback is very important to us. If you wish to give us privacy feedback or to make a privacy request, you may do so by submitting your request in writing. LEARN MORE PRIVACY IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Acting with integrity, fairness and accountability which are fundamental to an inclusive society and a thriving business. Read the Privacy section of HP Sustainability Report. LEARN MORE YOUR COOKIE PREFERENCES Choose how we use cookies. Learn how we use cookies and the benefits of choosing Yes. HP AS A DATA PROCESSOR HP has a long standing history of industry leadership in privacy and data protection. Together with our robust portfolio products and services, we can support our customers' and partners' efforts in protecting personal data. HP PROCESSOR BINDING CORPORATE RULES HP’s BCR for Processor is a corporate privacy compliance framework approved by the Data Protection Authorities of most EU Member States. It allows HP to move customer data worldwide through HP companies in compliance with EU data protection law. LEARN MORE HP'S CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY HP is committed to processing personal data responsibly and holds itself, its partners and its vendors accountable. LEARN MORE FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Let us help answer the questions you may have around our Processor Obligations. LEARN MORE Related links Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas Asia and Oceania Europe, Middle East and Africa End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedUnited States HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us Ways to buy Support HP Partners Stay connected © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P. Your browser does not support iframes. Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play? Your Privacy We use cookies (or similar technologies) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept ", you agree to this and the sharing of information (What data we collect) about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or find out more about Use of cookies . Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance & Analytics CookiesPersonalization CookiesTargeting CookiesSell or Share my Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Personalization Cookies Personalization Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data (a GREY slider means Do not Sell or Share my personal information with third parties). Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelYour Privacy Choices This Privacy Choices Notice is intended for a United States audience and supplements the US Privacy Statement. It informs you of the rights you can exercise in relation to your personal information, including information that may be collected from your online activity, use of devices, and interactions you have with HP offline, such as when you engage with our customer support representatives. Your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, or otherwise processed by HP for purposes of managing your relationship with HP and to better serve you by personalizing your experience and interaction with us. Details about what categories and pieces of personal information we collect about you, how we use the information we collect, where and from whom we obtain it, to whom we disclose, sell, or share your personal information, your respective State rights regarding it, and how you can exercise your rights can be found in our US Privacy Statement. Throughout this document references to “we,” “us,” “our,” and “Company” refer to HP branded companies and current and future affiliates (herein "HP"). HP will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on HP Services may change or no longer be available to you as the data might be necessary to provide some functionalities or features. Throughout this document references to ‘’local law’’ or ‘’applicable law’’ refer to US Federal privacy law, privacy US State law and local law where you reside in the United States. Exercising Your Rights & Contacting Us As described in our US Privacy Statement, you have the following rights in relation to how we use your information and the manner in which we process it (as provided for in the local law). This includes: A right to access the personal information that we collect, use, disclose, or otherwise process from you.A right to know what personal information we collect, use, disclose, share, sell, or otherwise process about you; the categories of sources of such information; the purposes for processing your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your personal information.A right to delete the personal information that we collect or otherwise process from you (with specified exceptions for operational and legal necessity). A right to update, amend, correct, or rectify inaccurate or incomplete personal information we maintain about you.A right to limit HP’s use and disclosure of sensitive personal information about you for a specific HP purpose (if any, and as permitted by applicable law).A right to withdraw any consent previously granted.A right to ask us to transfer your personal information to another business. A right to obtain information about financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You can request us to stop selling or sharing your personal information outside of your browsing activity by using the “ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request ” form. To exercise your rights, or if you have any questions or concerns about our US Privacy Statement and our privacy practices, our collection and use of your information or a possible data breach, you can, or by entrusting an authorized agent, contact us by using our HP Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer form , or by writing to us at the address below: HP Inc. Global Legal Affairs ATTN: Privacy Office 1501 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 USA How We Manage your Privacy Requests Upon receipt of your communication, our representative will contact you within a reasonable time to respond to your questions or concerns. In some cases, we may request further information to verify your identity, complete you request, ask for the service your request refers to, clarify the nature of your request, remedy any deficiencies with your request, or let you know if we need more time, as permitted in applicable law. Please refrain from sending us sensitive personal information. You can designate someone else to make a request on your behalf. To protect your information, we will ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the other person to submit a request on your behalf. If applicable, we will contact you to confirm that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request before we respond to your authorized agent’s request. Timing We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 days after we receive your request. You will receive our response to your request within 45 days of your request, unless we provide you with notice that it will take more than 45 days to respond (in that case, we won't take more than 90 days to respond).Additional Rights for Certain US States Residents California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia privacy laws permit their respective residents to request us to stop selling or sharing their personal information with third parties. If you are resident from such States, this section applies to any personal information that we collect about you in accordance with your respective state's privacy laws. Obtaining Information about the Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information You can request and obtain from us further information regarding those categories of third parties to whom your personal information was disclosed, sold, or shared (if any, and as defined under applicable law), the purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing your personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed, sold or shared, as provided for in the local law. To make such a request, please contact us by using the HP’s Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer form As a Consumer, you have the right to Opt-out, this means you the right to direct HP to not sell or share personal data about you to third parties, as defined by local law, or to stop doing so for the following purposes: Targeted advertising, cross-context behavioral advertising, or personalized advertising as defined by law in your jurisdiction;The sale or sharing of personal information as defined by law in your jurisdiction, or If applicable, profiling in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As a California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia resident, you can also exercise your Opt-Out right by using the “ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request ” form for the sale or sharing of personal information that occurs outside of your browsing activity. Similarly, exercising your right to Opt-Out of sale or sharing that occurs during your browsing activity can be accomplished in either of the ways listed below: Opt-out in Cookie Preference Center: As a California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia resident, in addition to being able to select your preference on which cookies are allowed, you can Opt-out of sale or sharing browsing based personal data by clicking on the “Privacy Preference Center” and changing the setting to “inactive” (by changing the setting to GREY slider) at the “Sell or Share” category. If you choose “inactive”, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not sell or share your personal data with third parties as defined by relevant law. Before selecting “Inactive” at the “Sell or Share” category at the Privacy Preference Center, make sure all cookies have been cleared from your browser. Universal Opt-out Mechanism (e.g., Global Privacy Control): If you use a Universal Opt-out Mechanism or Opt-out Preference Signal (as defined in applicable law), including a web browser or extension, we will interpret as Opting-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information with third parties that are in scope of Do Not Sell or Share. Please note that the use of Universal Opt-out mechanism only applies to your browsing activity and not to offline sale or sharing of personal information. We are committed to process your Opt-out preferences (and as a result, opt out of personalized advertising) for the device and web browser from which the Opt-out signal is being made, as it will be tied to a specific device ID or browser ID. If you use another device or browser, you will need to Opt-out on each device and browser. If you block or clear cookies from your browser, it may remove the Opt-out settings, requiring you to Opt-out again. If you wish to Opt-out, we recommend that you clear your cookies from your browser first and then select your cookie preferences above. Even when Opted-out, you may still see contextual ads online such as those based on the topic and content of a webpage you visit. Most browsers automatically accept cookies (including some of our third-party analytics providers), but this is typically something you can adjust. Please reference your browser’s settings to adjust your privacy preferences. We aim to ensure that your concerns are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner. If we fail to take any action regarding your request to exercise rights or decline to respond, you have, or by entrusting an authorized agent, the right to appeal by using our HP Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer form . The appeal must describe your request with a detailed summary that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it and provide the former case ticket number. Similarly, in case an appeal is denied, you have the right to contact your local Attorney General or dedicated Agency if you have concerns about the result of the appeal, as prescribed by applicable law.Changes to Our Privacy Choices Notice If we modify this Privacy Choices Notice, we will post the revised disclosure here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Choices Notice that materially alter our methods by which you can exercise your rights request, or as otherwise required by local law, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our corporate website and/or social media pages prior to the changes taking effect. Date Posted: June 2023 Download HP US Privacy Statement Archive of previous privacy choices notices Related links Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas Asia and Oceania Europe, Middle East and Africa End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedUnited States HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us Ways to buy Support HP Partners Stay connected © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P. Your browser does not support iframes. Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play? Your Privacy We use cookies (or similar technologies) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept ", you agree to this and the sharing of information (What data we collect) about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or find out more about Use of cookies . Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance & Analytics CookiesPersonalization CookiesTargeting CookiesSell or Share my Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Personalization Cookies Personalization Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data (a GREY slider means Do not Sell or Share my personal information with third parties). Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelSign in Support Dashboard Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Security Hybrid work HP+ smart printing system Instant Ink Printables VR Sustainable Impact Construction layout robot PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Workstations Retail solutions Print Ink, toner & papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Scanners Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Specialty printing solutions Managed print services Business solutions 3D print Molded fiber Workforce solutions Collaboration Digital workspaces Industry solutions Business services Consumer services Explore all Public sector purchasing Shop Featured HP.com store Ink & toner cartridges Instant Ink Weekly Deals Business store Business discounts Small & medium business advisors Student discounts Hybrid work #MyHP Shop PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming PCs Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations Chromebooks Shop Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Instant Ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers Paper Tank printers Refurbished printers HP+ printers Shop Accessories Accessories Monitors Docking stations & hubs Mice & keyboards Headsets & speakerphones Webcams & microphones Chargers & power adapters Bundles Care packs & services Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Community Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Clear Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in Support Dashboard Sign out Featured Security Hybrid work HP+ smart printing system Instant Ink Printables VR Sustainable Impact Construction layout robot PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Workstations Retail solutions Print Ink, toner & papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Scanners Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Specialty printing solutions Managed print services Business solutions 3D print Molded fiber Workforce solutions Collaboration Digital workspaces Industry solutions Business services Consumer services Explore all Public sector purchasing Featured HP.com store Ink & toner cartridges Instant Ink Weekly Deals Business store Business discounts Small & medium business advisors Student discounts Hybrid work #MyHP Shop PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming PCs Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations Chromebooks Shop Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Instant Ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers Paper Tank printers Refurbished printers HP+ printers Shop Accessories Accessories Monitors Docking stations & hubs Mice & keyboards Headsets & speakerphones Webcams & microphones Chargers & power adapters Bundles Care packs & services Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Community Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Important Information: Our Privacy Statement has been updated. To review our current Privacy Statement and to understand how HP Inc. collects and uses information, please click here Important Information : Our Privacy Statement has been updated, please click here . Use of Cookies and Other Technologies We use and allow select partners to use cookies, clickstream capture, pixels, web beacons, web collection forms and other similar technologies (collectively "Automatic Data Collection Tools") on our HP Services. We do this to understand your use of our HP Services; improve your user experience and enable personalized features and content; optimize our advertisements and marketing; and to enable third-party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the Internet.You can find more information about these technologies at: www.allaboutcookies.org .ONLINE AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TOOLS When you visit any HP website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and can give you a more personalized web experience.HP uses Automatic Data Collection Tools for the following reasons: Strictly Necessary Tools: These are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off. Without these, the website or service you are requesting would be impossible to provide essential functionalities (like checkout) or display appropriate content based on the type of device you are using. Performance and Analytics Tools: These tools collect aggregated, statistical-type information to enable HP to measure, optimize and improve the content, quality and performance of its websites.We use our own and/or third-party Automatic Data Collection Tools to see how you use our websites and services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to the preferences of our customers and visitors. For example, Automatic Data Collection Tools may be used to: test different designs and to ensure that we maintain a consistent look and feel across our websites; track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our websites and communications; track errors and measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. We use third party tools to track website usage and activity.The data collected will generally be aggregated to provide trends and usage patterns for business analysis, site/platform improvement and performance metrics. Our Automatic Data Collection Tools or the resulting analysis may be also shared with our business partners. The type of information we collect includes how many visitors visit our websites, how many customers log in, when they visited, for how long and which areas of our websites and services but is generally not used to identify you individually. We may also receive similar information about visitors to our partner websites. Personalization Tools: These allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These technologies are also used to provide content that aligns to your past behavior or interests.We also use Automatic Data Collection Tools to change the way our websites behave or look in order to personalize your experience from information we infer from your behavior on our websites or information we may already know about you because, for example, you are a registered customer. These may be used to tailor the services you receive from us or the content, look and feel delivered to you on subsequent sessions to our websites. For example, if you personalize webpages, or register for products or services, Automatic Data Collection Tools help our webpage server recall your specific information. When you next visit our websites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the website features that you previously chose. If you use more than one device or computer on a regular basis, we may link Automatic Data Collection Tools together so you will still receive a personalized online experience. We can also personalize the information you see based on what we already know about you, so that you spend less time looking for things. With the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools, each visitor to our site can have a web experience which is unique to them. Targeting Tools: These are set by HP and other third parties (such as select retail or advertising networks) and used to build a profile to deliver targeted advertising off HP websites and applications that is more relevant and useful to you. These may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g. your email address).These also allow us to collect data related to the HP site and page you visited and your activities on the HP site. As an example, if you visited one of our product pages, via the use of cookies, we may retarget you across partner sites with additional offers and promotions for a certain period of time. Social Media Tools: If you are a registered user, the information collected from our websites is not anonymous and we may use this information along with other information we know or infer about you including your preferences to tailor content, services, advertising and offers for you.These tools are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or "like" button on HP websites sites or apps, or when you engage with our content on or through a social site such as Facebook or Twitter. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.The types of tools used by these third parties and how they use the information generated by them will be governed by those companies' privacy policies.For more detail on the third parties who use or have access to these tools, please see Privacy Preference Center. How can you manage these Automatic Data Tools? Automatic Data Tools that are Strictly Necessary, and third-party technologies used for Performance & Analytics or Personalization are set to expire after the industry standard 2 years. Automatic Data Collection Tools used for targeting are set to expire after 90 days since your last visit.When you visit HP sites, you have the option to accept or adjust what categories of cookies you allow us to place on your browser through our Privacy Preference Center. You can modify these settings or withdraw your consent at any time by visiting Privacy Preference Center. Your consent is valid for 13 months, after which you will be prompted to update your preferences.Alternatively, you may also set your browser to block all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set. For more information, please refer to your browser settings. Note that by disabling certain categories of cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our sites or certain content or functionality may not be available. Certain browsers allow you to navigate websites in an incognito or private mode. Once the browser session is closed, typically all cookies collected during the session are automatically destroyed.Even if you opt-out of Performance & Analytics tracking and Targeting, you might continue to see non-personalized advertisements from HP via our partners. As an example, you might visit a website containing Personal Computer feature comparisons. Based on your interest, our partners might serve you with HP product advertisements.In the US and Canada, we comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance industry standards with respect to interest-based advertising. To learn more about your advertising choices if you are in the US, please click here or in Canada please click here . In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt out of a number of advertising cookies. Please visit www.networkadvertising.org to learn more. Note that opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.Some web browsers incorporate "Do Not Track" features. Currently, no industry standard exists for handling "Do Not Track" requests, therefore at this time, our websites may not respond to "Do Not Track" requests or headers from these browsers. HP ADS AND OFFERINGS ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES HP contracts with service providers to place ads on websites owned by third parties. Sometimes this will be achieved by sharing data collected through Automated Data Collection Tools. In addition, we use and may allow ad networks and other third parties to use cookies and other Automated Data Collection Tools to determine how you interact with our websites, communications and services and selected partner websites and to identify your interests, create profiles and interest segments in order to provide advertising that is most relevant and useful to you. SHARING WITH PARTNERS Based on your consent through our cookie settings, HP may share targeting cookie data with select partners for the purposes of audience selection and advertisement. You can change your cookie settings at any time through our cookie settings tool.For more detail on the third parties who use these tools and with whom we may share your personal data, please see the 11/25/2022, 11:25:58 AM Related links Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas Asia and Oceania Europe, Middle East and Africa End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedUnited States HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us Ways to buy Support HP Partners Stay connected © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P. Your browser does not support iframes. Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play? Your Privacy We use cookies (or similar technologies) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept ", you agree to this and the sharing of information (What data we collect) about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or find out more about Use of cookies .Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance & Analytics CookiesPersonalization CookiesTargeting CookiesSell or Share my Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Personalization Cookies Personalization Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data (a GREY slider means Do not Sell or Share my personal information with third parties). Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelSign in Support Dashboard Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Security Hybrid work HP+ smart printing system Instant Ink Printables VR Sustainable Impact Construction layout robot PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Workstations Retail solutions Print Ink, toner & papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Scanners Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Specialty printing solutions Managed print services Business solutions 3D print Molded fiber Workforce solutions Collaboration Digital workspaces Industry solutions Business services Consumer services Explore all Public sector purchasing Shop Featured HP.com store Ink & toner cartridges Instant Ink Weekly Deals Business store Business discounts Small & medium business advisors Student discounts Hybrid work #MyHP Shop PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming PCs Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations Chromebooks Shop Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Instant Ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers Paper Tank printers Refurbished printers HP+ printers Shop Accessories Accessories Monitors Docking stations & hubs Mice & keyboards Headsets & speakerphones Webcams & microphones Chargers & power adapters Bundles Care packs & services Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Community Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Clear Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in Support Dashboard Sign out Featured Security Hybrid work HP+ smart printing system Instant Ink Printables VR Sustainable Impact Construction layout robot PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Workstations Retail solutions Print Ink, toner & papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Scanners Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Specialty printing solutions Managed print services Business solutions 3D print Molded fiber Workforce solutions Collaboration Digital workspaces Industry solutions Business services Consumer services Explore all Public sector purchasing Featured HP.com store Ink & toner cartridges Instant Ink Weekly Deals Business store Business discounts Small & medium business advisors Student discounts Hybrid work #MyHP Shop PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming PCs Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations Chromebooks Shop Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Instant Ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers Paper Tank printers Refurbished printers HP+ printers Shop Accessories Accessories Monitors Docking stations & hubs Mice & keyboards Headsets & speakerphones Webcams & microphones Chargers & power adapters Bundles Care packs & services Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Community Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Important Information: Our Privacy Statement has been updated. To review our current Privacy Statement and to understand how HP Inc. collects and uses information, please click here Important Information : Our Privacy Statement has been updated, please click here . HP Worldwide Limited Warranty and Technical Support HP Hardware Limited Warranty Limited Warranty Period This HP Hardware Limited Warranty gives you, the customer, express limited warranty rights from HP, the manufacturer, for the duration specified on the product description page. Please refer to the HP website for an extensive description of your limited warranty entitlements. HP may offer 90 days of Complimentary Limited Technical Support by phone without a fee.Thereafter, there may be an additional service fee for HP phone support while other support methods—including chat, HP Support website, or by contacting your HP reseller or HP authorized service provider—are available without charge during the whole duration of this HP Limited Warranty. Please see the product description page for applicable products. General Terms This HP Limited Warranty gives you, the end-user customer, express limited warranty rights from HP, the manufacturer. Refer to the HP website for an extensive description of your limited warranty entitlements. To the extent that you have a separate written agreement with HP, you also may have other legal rights that this HP Limited Warranty does not exclude, limit, or suspend. Refer to “Country-Specific Terms,” if applicable, at the end of your warranty for more information regarding your rights. This HP Limited Warranty applies only to HP-branded and Compaq-branded hardware products, including without limitation, HP printing supplies (collectively referred to in this HP Limited Warranty as “HP Hardware Products”) sold by or leased from HP Inc., its worldwide subsidiaries (collectively referred to in this HP Limited Warranty as “HP”), affiliates, authorized resellers, authorized distributors, or country distributors with this HP Limited Warranty. The term “HP Hardware Product” is limited to the hardware components and required firmware. The term “HP Hardware Product” DOES NOT include software applications or programs, non-HP products, or non-HP branded peripherals. To the extent permitted by local law, all non-HP products or non-HP branded peripherals external to the HP Hardware Product—such as external storage subsystems, displays, printers, and other peripherals—are provided “AS IS” and are not covered by this HP Limited Warranty. However, non-HP manufacturers and suppliers or publishers may provide their own warranties directly to you. An HP branded peripheral or other HP branded product not covered by this HP Limited Warranty also may be covered by the HP Limited Warranty for that particular HP-branded peripheral or product. Consult your HP Limited Warranty for that product to determine your rights and obligations. To the extent permitted by local law, HP guarantees that it will repair, replace, or refund, at HP's option, an HP Hardware Product that manifests a defect in materials or workmanship during the Limited Warranty Period, if you, the end-user customer, provides HP with notice of a defect in your HP Hardware Product during the Limited Warranty Period. HP's obligation under this HP Limited Warranty, at its option, to repair, replace, or provide a refund for an HP Hardware Product that manifests a defect in materials and workmanship ceases upon the expiration of the Limited Warranty Period. The Limited Warranty Period starts on the latter of the date of purchase or lease from HP or from the date HP or, if applicable, the HP authorized service provider completes installation. Your dated sales or delivery receipt, showing the date of purchase or lease of the HP Hardware Product, is your proof of the purchase or lease date unless HP or your authorized reseller informs you otherwise in writing. You may be required to provide proof of purchase or lease as a condition of receiving warranty service. Warranty service indicated here reflects base level warranty offerings. Enhancements to the base warranty may be included with your HP Hardware Product. For current warranty information, contact HP or go to HP.com. For HP ink cartridges, the warranty coverage extends until the HP ink is depleted or the "Warranty Ends" date has been reached, whichever occurs first. For HP print heads, the coverage extends until the "Warranty Ends" date has been reached or the warranted usage limit has been reached, whichever occurs first. For HP LaserJet print cartridges the warranty coverage extends until the warranted usage limit is reached. Some states or countries do not allow the following exclusions or limitations, so these exclusions and limitations may be limited in their application to you. HP MAKES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTY OR CONDITION WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HP EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS NOT STATED IN THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY. TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE LOCAL LAW OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, HP DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FOR ALL TRANSACTIONS OCCURRING IN THE UNITED STATES, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THE EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE.SOME STATES OR COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW A LIMITATION ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION LASTS OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF PARTICULAR TYPES OF DAMAGE, INCLUDING INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR CONSUMER PRODUCTS. IN SUCH STATES OR COUNTRIES, SOME EXCLUSIONS, DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS OF THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. TO THE EXTENT THAT THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY PART OF IT IS INCONSISTENT WITH LOCAL LAW, THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY OR THE CORRESPONDING PART SHALL BE DEEMED MODIFIED TO BE CONSISTENT WITH SUCH LOCAL LAW. FOR CONSUMER TRANSACTIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE EUROPEAN UNION, AUSTRALIA, AND NEW ZEALAND, THE LIMITED WARRANTY TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS STATEMENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT LAWFULLY PERMITTED, DO NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT, OR MODIFY BUT ARE IN ADDITION TO THE MANDATORY STATUTORY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO THE SALE OF THIS HP HARDWARE PRODUCT TO YOU. This HP Limited Warranty is applicable in all countries and may be enforced in any country or region where HP or its authorized service providers offer warranty service for the same product model number subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this HP Limited Warranty. This HP Limited Warranty is subject to all applicable national export and import laws and regulations. Under this HP Limited Warranty, HP Hardware Products purchased in one country or region may be transferred to another country or region where HP or its authorized service providers offer warranty service for the same product model numbers. Warranty terms, service availability, and service response times may vary from country or region to country or region. Standard warranty service response time is subject to change due to local parts availability. If parts are unavailable, your HP authorized service provider can provide you with details. HP will not alter form, fit, or function of this HP Hardware Product to make it operate in a country for which it was never intended to function. HP is not responsible for any tariffs or duties that may be incurred in transferring the products. Transfer of the products may be covered by, and is subject to, all applicable export and import laws, regulations, and controls issued by various governments. In countries or regions where applicable law determines that warranty services for imported products are to be provided by the local importer or in which applicable law does not mandatorily determine that warranty services for imported products are to be provided by the manufacturer, all warranty services for HP products in these countries or regions will be provided solely by the importer and not by HP, except where the local importer has been specifically authorized by HP or its local affiliate to import the products and refer the warranty services to HP. You are entitled to hardware warranty service according to the terms and conditions of this document if a repair to your HP Hardware Product is required due to the manifestation of a defect in materials and workmanship within the Limited Warranty Period. HP will, at its option, repair or replace any component or hardware product that manifests a defect in materials or workmanship during the Limited Warranty Period if HP receives notice from you, the end-user customer, of the manifestation of such a defect during the Limited Warranty Period. Unless otherwise stated, and to the extent permitted by local law, new HP Hardware Products may be manufactured using new materials or new and used materials functionally equivalent to new in performance and reliability. To the extent consistent with local law, (a) HP Hardware Products presented for repair may be replaced by refurbished HP Hardware Products of the same type rather than being repaired; (b) refurbished parts may be used to repair HP Hardware Products; and (c) replaced or repaired HP Hardware Products will be functionally equivalent in performance and reliability to original products that have been discontinued. Unless otherwise expressly required by local law, if these replaced or repaired HP Hardware Products or parts manifest a defect in materials or workmanship (1) during the ninety (90) days following their repair and/or replacement, or (2) during the remainder of the Limited Warranty Period of the HP Hardware Product they are replacing or in which they are installed, HP warrants that it will again repair or replace these HP Hardware Products or parts. All component parts or hardware products removed under this HP Limited Warranty become the property of HP unless otherwise stipulated by applicable local law.In the unlikely event that your HP Hardware Product has recurring failures or HP determines it is unable to repair or replace the HP Hardware Product, HP, at its option, may elect to provide you with (a) a replacement unit selected by HP that is the same or functionally equivalent to your HP Hardware Product in performance or (b) to give you a refund or credit of your purchase price or lease payments (less interest) instead of a replacement. To the extent permitted by local law, this is your exclusive remedy for defective products. Some states or countries do not allow the above exclusion or limitation, so this exclusion and limitation may be limited in its application to you. Disputes arising out of this HP Limited Warranty or relating to your purchase of the HP Hardware Products subject to this HP Limited Warranty—whether based on contract, tort, statute, fraud, or any other legal theory—are governed by the law of the country and state, province, or territory in which you currently reside, without regard to its conflict-of-law principles. Exclusions HP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THIS HP HARDWARE PRODUCT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. HP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGE THAT OCCURS AS A RESULT OF YOUR FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS INTENDED FOR THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT. This HP Limited Warranty does not apply to expendable or consumable parts, with the exception of HP printing supplies and certain rechargeable batteries as specified below, and does not extend to any HP Hardware Product from which the serial number has been removed or that has been damaged or rendered defective as a result of accident, misuse, liquid spills, abuse, contamination, improper or inadequate maintenance or calibration, or other external causes;by operation outside the usage parameters stated in the user documentation that shipped with the HP Hardware Product;by software, interfacing, parts or supplies not supplied by HP;by improper site preparation, maintenance or environmental conditions that do not conform to HP's site specifications;by virus, infection, worm, or similar malicious code not introduced by HP; by loss or damage in transit;by modification or service by anyone other than HP or an HP authorized service provider; orby improper installation of end-user replaceable HP or HP approved parts if available for your HP Hardware Product in the servicing country or region. Any HP Hardware Product found to be overclocked after delivery from HP will be excluded from the terms of this Limited Warranty other than damaged or defective components where the damage or defect is found to be unrelated to the overclocking. HP is not responsible for any interoperability or compatibility issues that may arise when products, software, or options not supported by HP are used;configurations not supported by HP are used; orparts intended for one system are installed in another system of different make or model. YOU SHOULD MAKE PERIODIC BACKUP COPIES OF THE DATA STORED ON YOUR HARD DRIVE OR OTHER STORAGE DEVICES AS A PRECAUTION AGAINST POSSIBLE FAILURES, ALTERATION, OR LOSS OF THE DATA. BEFORE RETURNING ANY HP HARDWARE PRODUCT FOR SERVICE, BE SURE TO BACK UP DATA AND REMOVE ANY CONFIDENTIAL, PROPRIETARY, OR PERSONAL INFORMATION. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW, HP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGE TO OR LOSS OF ANY PROGRAMS, DATA, OR REMOVABLE STORAGE MEDIA. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW, HP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE RESTORATION OR REINSTALLATION OF ANY PROGRAMS OR DATA OTHER THAN SOFTWARE INSTALLED BY HP WHEN THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT IS MANUFACTURED, SUBJECT TO ANY APPLICABLE UPDATES. MEMORY DATA MAY BE LOST DURING REPAIR. Product Specific Exclusions Rechargeable Batteries HP defines batteries as a standard component of the HP Hardware Product that can be either standard (non-long life) or long-life battery (LLB or XL). A Standard battery can be furthered defined has having 300 cycles, while a long-life battery has 1000 cycles. This HP Hardware Product may include an internal rechargeable non-removable battery that is not user accessible and must be replaced by HP or an HP authorized service provider. The internal rechargeable non-removable battery is covered by this limited warranty as a standard component of the HP Hardware Product and is covered 1 year from the date of purchase of the HP Hardware Product, unless otherwise specified in this HP Limited Warranty. This HP Hardware Product may include a rechargeable removable battery that is designed to be removed and replaced by the user. HP warrants that it will provide a replacement battery if the battery manifests a defect in materials or workmanship during the one (1) year period from the date of purchase of the HP Hardware Product in which the battery is installed, unless otherwise specified in this HP Limited Warranty.As with all batteries, the maximum capacity of any battery included in the HP Hardware Product will decrease with time or use, and battery cycle life will vary depending on product model, configuration, loaded applications, features, use, wireless functionality, and power management settings. Accordingly, a decrease in maximum battery capacity or battery cycle life is not a defect in materials or workmanship, and this HP Limited Warranty does not cover changes in battery capacity or battery cycle life. To the extent permitted by local law, the battery is only warranted against defects in materials or workmanship resulting in failure of the battery to operate for the duration of the Limited Warranty Period for the battery as specified above or in the event that the battery cycle life exceeds the battery rated cycle count, whichever comes first, unless otherwise specified in this HP Limited Warranty. To determine whether your battery has had a warranted failure, you may be required to run an HP diagnostic test. HP Printing Products The use of a non-HP or refilled cartridge does not affect either the HP Limited Warranty to the end-user customer or any HP support contract with the end-user customer for the printer. However, if printer or print head failure or damage is attributable to the use of a non-HP or refilled cartridge, HP will charge its standard time and materials charges to service the printer for the particular failure or damage or for the cost to replace the print head. For HP ink cartridges and supplies and HP LaserJet supplies, this HP Limited Warranty does not apply to products that, in addition to other exclusions described in this HP Limited Warranty, have been refilled, refurbished, remanufactured, or tampered with in any way. This HP Limited Warranty pertains to HP ink cartridges, print heads, or HP LaserJet print cartridges when used in its designated HP or authorized original equipment manufacturer (OEM) printing device. HP’s limited warranty is void in the event the printer is attached to an aftermarket apparatus or system that modifies the printer’s functionality such as a continuous ink system. Exclusive Remedy TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW, THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONSTITUTE THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE WARRANTY AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND HP REGARDING THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT YOU HAVE PURCHASED OR LEASED. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW, THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SUPERSEDE ANY PRIOR AGREEMENTS, ADVERTISEMENTS, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIONS—INCLUDING REPRESENTATIONS MADE IN HP SALES LITERATURE OR ADVICE GIVEN TO YOU BY HP, AN AGENT OR EMPLOYEE OF HP, OR ANY NON-HP AGENT OR EMPLOYEE—THAT MAY HAVE BEEN MADE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PURCHASE OR LEASE OF THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT OTHER THAN AS A PART OF A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH HP OR ITS AUTHORIZED RESELLERS. No change to the conditions of this HP Limited Warranty is valid unless it is made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of HP. Limitation of Liability Some states or countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or the limitation of special, incidental, or consequential damages (set out below), so these limitations and exclusions may be limited in their application to you. THE FOLLOWING LIMITATIONS APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LOCAL LAW. IN THE EVENT THAT HP AT ITS OPTION PROVIDES YOU A REFUND OR A PRODUCT REPLACEMENT CARD FOR USE ON HP.COM, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF HP UNDER THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THE PRICE YOU PAID FOR THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT. EXCEPT AS INDICATED ABOVE, IN NO EVENT WILL HP BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT OR THE FAILURE OF THE HP HARDWARE PRODUCT TO PERFORM, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR SAVINGS, OR LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA OR SOFTWARE, OR ANY COSTS OF RECOVERING PROGRAMMING OR REPRODUCING ANY PROGRAM OR DATA STORED ON THE PRODUCT, OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. HP IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM MADE BY A THIRD PARTY OR MADE BY YOU FOR A THIRD PARTY. HP IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE AS A RESULT OF HP COMPLYING WITH ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER LOCAL LAW. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES WHETHER DAMAGES ARE SOUGHT, OR A CLAIM MADE, UNDER THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY OR AS A TORT CLAIM (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY), A CONTRACT CLAIM, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY CANNOT BE WAIVED OR AMENDED BY ANY PERSON. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL BE EFFECTIVE EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED HP OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF HP OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, HOWEVER, WILL NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS FOR PERSONAL INJURY. THIS HP LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT MAY VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY.YOU ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT APPLICABLE STATE OR COUNTRY LAWS FOR A FULL DETERMINATION OF YOUR RIGHTS. HP Options and Accessories Limited Warranty The HP Limited Warranty terms and conditions for HP-branded options and accessories (collectively referred to in this HP Limited Warranty as “HP Options”) are as set forth in the HP Limited Warranty applicable to the HP Option and included with the HP Hardware Product. If your HP Option is installed in an HP Hardware Product, HP will provide warranty service for either the period specified in the warranty documents (HP Option Limited Warranty Period) that shipped with the HP Option or for the remaining warranty period of the HP Hardware Product in which the HP Option is installed, whichever period is longer, but not to exceed three (3) years from the date you purchased the HP Option. The HP Option Limited Warranty Period starts from the date of purchase from HP or an HP authorized reseller. Your dated sales or delivery receipt, showing the date of purchase of the HP Option, is your warranty start date. See your HP Option Limited Warranty for details. To the extent permitted by local law, non-HP options are provided “AS IS.” However, non-HP manufacturers and suppliers may provide warranties directly to you. Displays Digital Signage Display This Limited Warranty does not cover service for removing or reinstalling a wall-mounted or custom-installed Digital Signage Display. This Limited Warranty does not cover damage resulting from a wall-mounted or other custom installation or removal of a display. HP recommends using a qualified installer for wall mounting or other custom installation or removal of a display. If HP determines that a Digital Signage Display issue cannot be resolved remotely, HP will ship a replacement product directly to the customer. HP will incur all shipping and insurance costs by providing courier assistance to package and return unit safely to HP. Failure to return the defective unit may result in HP billing the customer for the replacement product. Monitors All Monitor models are not suitable for applications that exhibit static, stationary, or fixed images. Static images may cause image retention damage that may appear as stains or watermarks on the screen. This HP Limited Warranty does not cover monitors that are in use for applications that exhibit static, stationary, or fixed images for long periods or for 24-hours per day that result in image retention damage. To avoid image retention damage, turn off the monitor when it is not in use or use a power management setting, if supported by your system, to turn off the display when the system is idle. Multimedia Monitor and PC Bundle Concurrent Warranty If you purchased a Multimedia Monitor together with a personal computer as part of a product bundle (purchased as a single SKU), the duration of the warranty period for the Multimedia Monitor is, to the extent permitted by local law, coextensive with that of the warranty period for the personal computer. Check the warranty statement of the personal computer for details. Customer Responsibilities In order to avoid the risk of charges for issues not covered by your HP Limited Warranty (issues that are not due to defects in materials and workmanship on HP Hardware Products), you will be asked to assist HP or the HP authorized service provider as follows: Provide true, accurate, and complete information when filing a warranty claim.Provide an environment that meets HP requirements, including protecting products from corrosion, contamination, and spills. For example, to meet HP's corrosion requirements, the environment must not cause more than 300 angstroms of corrosion per month on silver and copper.Verify configurations, load most recent firmware, install software patches, and run HP diagnostics and utilities.Implement temporary procedures or workarounds provided by HP while HP works on permanent solutions. Use HP remote support solutions where applicable. HP strongly encourages you to use available support technologies provided by HP. If you choose not to deploy available remote support capabilities, you may incur additional costs due to increased support resource requirements.Cooperate with HP in attempting to resolve the problem using online chat, email, or telephone. This may involve performing routine diagnostic procedures, installing additional software updates or patches, removing third-party options, and/or substituting options. HP recommends that you make periodic backup copies of your files, data, or programs stored on your hard drive or other storage devices as a precaution against possible failures, alteration, or loss.Before returning any HP Hardware Product for warranty support or repairs, back up your files, data, and programs, and remove any confidential, proprietary, or personal information.Remove any external options or accessories that would be subject to loss during the repair or replacement process. Perform additional tasks as defined within each type of warranty service described below and any other actions that HP may reasonably request in order to best perform the warranty support.To obtain warranty service for HP LaserJet print cartridges, return the product to the place of purchase with a written description of the problem and print samples or contact HP customer support. HP's requirements are based on ISA G1 (mild) requirements as described in ISA-71.04-1985 Environmental Conditions for Process Measurement and Control Systems: Airborne Contaminants. This ISA standard is available at http://www.isa.org. When products are used in ISA G1 (mild) environments, corrosion should not be a factor in equipment reliability. Types of Hardware Warranty Service The types of warranty support service that may be applicable to the HP Hardware Product you have purchased are described below. All services may not be available in all countries or regions . TO THE EXTENT THAT THE FOLLOWING WARRANTY SERVICES AND TERMS OR ANY PART THEREOF IS INCONSISTENT WITH LOCAL LAW, THE WARRANTY SERVICES AND TERMS OR THE CORRESPONDING PART SHALL BE DEEMED MODIFIED TO BE CONSISTENT WITH SUCH LOCAL LAW. Customer Self-Repair Warranty Service HP Hardware Products are designed with many Customer Self-Repair (CSR) parts to minimize repair time and allow for greater flexibility in performing defective parts replacement. If during the diagnostic period, HP identifies that the repair can be accomplished by the use of a CSR part, HP will ship that part directly to you for replacement. There are two categories of CSR parts: Parts for which Customer Self-Repair is mandatory—If you request HP or an HP authorized service provider to replace these parts, you will be charged for the travel and labor costs for this service.Parts for which Customer Self-Repair is optional—These parts are also designed for Customer Self-Repair. If, however, you require that HP or an HP authorized service provider to replace the part for you, it may be done at no additional charge under the type of warranty service designated for your HP Hardware Product. You are required to cooperate with HP or an HP authorized service provider in attempting to resolve the problem by chat, email, or telephone. This may involve performing routine diagnostic procedures, installing software updates or patches, removing third-party options and/or substituting options. If assistance is required, you can contact HP technical support, and a technician will help you using online chat, email, or telephone. HP documentation shipped with a replacement CSR part specifies whether a defective part must be returned to HP, unless otherwise stipulated by applicable local law. In cases where it is required to return the defective part to HP, you must ship the defective part to HP within a defined period, normally five (5) to fifteen (15) business days. The defective part must be returned with the associated documentation in the provided shipping material. Failure to return the defective part may result in HP billing you for the replacement. With a Customer Self Repair, HP will incur all shipping and part return costs and determine the courier/carrier to be used. The classification of CSR parts may vary by country or region. Advanced Unit Replacement Warranty Service Your HP Limited Warranty may include an advanced unit replacement warranty service. Under the terms of the advanced unit replacement warranty service, HP will ship a replacement unit directly to you if the HP Hardware Product you purchased is diagnosed as defective. On receiving the replacement unit, you may be required to return the defective HP Hardware Product to HP in the packaging that arrives with the replacement unit within a defined period of time, normally five (5) to fifteen (15) days. HP will incur shipping and insurance costs to return the defective HP Hardware Product to HP. Failure to return the defective HP Hardware Product may result in HP billing you for the replacement unit. HP provides advanced unit replacement service during standard office hours. Standard office hours are typically 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (08.00 to 17.00) Monday through Friday, but may vary with local business practices. The response time may vary and additional charges may be incurred, depending on logistics constraints and distance from the nearest HP service location or HP authorized service provider.To find the telephone numbers and, in some cases, maps of the nearest HP service location or an HP authorized service provider, refer to the HP website at http://www8.hp.com/us/en/contact-hp/ww-contact-us.html. Pick-Up and Return Warranty Service Your HP Limited Warranty may include a pick-up and return warranty service. Under the terms of pick-up and return service, HP will pick up the defective HP Hardware Product from your location, repair it, and return it to your location. HP will incur all repair, logistics, and insurance costs for this service. Carry-In Warranty Service To the extent permitted by local law, your HP Limited Warranty may include a carry-in warranty service. Under the terms of carry-in service, you will be required to deliver your HP Hardware Product to an HP authorized service location for warranty repair. You must prepay any shipping charges, taxes, or duties associated with transportation of the HP Hardware Product to and from the service location. You are responsible for insuring any HP Hardware Product shipped or returned to an HP authorized service location, and you assume risk of loss during shipping. Mail-In Warranty Service To the extent permitted by local law, this HP Limited Warranty may include a mail-in warranty service. Under the terms of mail-in service, you will be required to ship your HP Hardware Product to an HP authorized service location for warranty repair. You must prepay any shipping charges, taxes, or duties associated with transportation of the HP Hardware Product to the service location. You are responsible for insuring any HP Hardware Product you ship, and you assume risk of loss during shipping. HP will return the repaired HP Hardware Product to you and incur all logistics and insurance costs. Send-In and Return Warranty Service To the extent permitted by local law, your HP Limited Warranty may include a send-in and return warranty service. Under the terms of send-in and return service, HP will ship to you, at HP's expense, packaging for shipping your HP Hardware Product to HP for service. You are responsible for freight costs and insurance for shipping the HP Hardware Product to HP. You can arrange with HP for the inbound shipping and associated costs. For more information, call 1-800-474-6836 (800-HP-invent) in the United States for detailed costs and instructions or go to http://www8.hp.com/us/en/contact-hp/ww-contact-us.html to find HP Support numbers in other countries. You may also select your own courier and pay shipping costs. If you select your own courier, you are responsible for insuring any HP Hardware Product shipped to the service location and you assume risk of loss or damage during shipping. HP will repair the HP Hardware Product and return it to you. HP will incur all repair and shipping costs for the return of the repaired HP Hardware Product. Onsite Warranty Service Your HP Limited Warranty may include an onsite warranty service. Under the terms of onsite service, HP may, at its sole discretion, determine if a defect in an HP Hardware Product can be repaired remotely,by the use of a CSR part, orby a service call at the location of the defective HP Hardware Product. If HP ultimately determines that an onsite service call is required to repair a defect, the call will be scheduled during standard office hours unless otherwise stated for the HP Hardware Product you purchased. Standard office hours are typically 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (08.00 to 17.00) Monday through Friday, but may vary with local business practices. The response time may vary and additional charges may be incurred, depending on travel constraints and distance from the nearest HP service location or HP authorized service provider. To find the telephone numbers and, in some cases, maps of the nearest HP service location or HP authorized service provider, refer to the HP website at http://www8.hp.com/us/en/contact-hp/ww-contact-us.html. To receive onsite service, you must have an authorized representative present when HP provides warranty services at your site;notify HP if the HP Hardware Product is being used in an environment that poses a potential health or safety hazard to HP employees or subcontractors;subject to HP’s reasonable security requirements, provide HP with sufficient, free, and safe access to and use of all facilities, information, and systems determined necessary by HP to provide timely support;ensure that all manufacturers’ labels (such as serial numbers) are in place, accessible, and legible; maintain an environment consistent with product specifications and supported configurations. Swap Warranty Service Your HP Limited Warranty may include a swap warranty service.Under the terms of swap warranty service, HP will pick up the defective unit from your location and will bring a replacement unit that is equivalent to new directly to you. HP will incur all repair, logistics, and insurance costs for this service. Response Times Response times are based on local standard business days and working hours where the service is being requested. Unless otherwise stated, all responses are measured from the time the end-user customer calls until HP has either established a mutually acceptable time for support to be performed, or HP has begun to provide support or remote diagnostics. Response times, including Next Business Day Warranty Service, if available, are based on commercially reasonable effort. In some countries and under certain supplier constraints, response time may vary. If your location is outside the customary service zone, response time may be longer or there may be an additional charge. Contact your HP authorized reseller or HP authorized service provider for response time availability in your area. Service Upgrades HP has a range of additional support and service coverage for your HP Hardware Product that can be purchased locally. However, some support and related products may not be available in all countries. For information on availability of service upgrades and cost, refer to the HP Care Pack lookup tool at ttp://www.hp.com/go/lookuptool/ Included Software HP's only obligations with respect to software distributed by HP under the HP brand name or included with an HP Hardware Product are set forth in the applicable end-user license or program license agreement provided with that software. To the extent permitted by local law, if the removable media on which HP distributes the software proves to be defective in materials or workmanship within ninety (90) days of purchase, your sole remedy shall be to return the removable media to HP for replacement. It is your responsibility to contact non-HP manufacturers or suppliers for their warranty support. Complimentary Limited Technical Support Complimentary Limited Technical Support for your HP Hardware Product, HP Software, HP preinstalled third-party software, and third-party software purchased from HP, including initial setup support, is available from HP via multiple contact methods, including electronic media and telephone, for ninety (90) days from date of purchase. See "Contacting HP" for online resources and telephone support. Any exceptions to this will be specified in your End User License Agreement (EULA). Support includes assistance with answering your installation questions (prerequisites, first steps, and basic “how to” information);setting up and configuring the software and options supplied or purchased with HP Hardware Products such as how-to and first steps (excludes system optimization, customization, and network configuration);interpreting system error messages;isolating system problems and software usage problems; andobtaining HP Care Pack information or updates for software supplied or purchased with HP Hardware Products. Support does NOT include assistance with generating or diagnosing user-generated programs or source codes;installation of non-HP software purchased separately; andsystem optimization, customization, and network configuration. Freeware and Open-Source Operating Systems and Applications HP does not provide technical support for software provided under public license by third parties (freeware and open-source software), including operating systems or applications. Technical support for freeware and open-source software provided with HP Hardware Products is provided by the freeware or open-source software vendor. For support contact information, refer to the freeware or open-source operating system or application help, documentation, or other application support statement included with your HP Hardware Product.How to Check Warranty and Support Entitlement You can check your warranty entitlement by entering your product model number and serial number at http://www.hp.com/go/warrantycheck HP Care Pack services registration can be checked at Care Pack Central at http://www.hp.com/go/cpc Contacting HP If your HP Hardware Product manifests a defect in materials and workmanship during the Limited Warranty Period, and the suggestions in the product documentation do not solve the problem, you can receive support in one of the following ways: Looking for additional support and troubleshooting information or updated software and drivers from the HP Support website at http://www.hp.com/support Locating and contacting your nearest HP Support location via the website at http://welcome.hp.com/country/us/en/wwcontact.html Contacting your HP authorized reseller or HP authorized service provider. Before calling HP or an HP authorized service provider, have the following information available:Product serial number, model name, and product model numberApplicable error messagesAdd-on optionsOperating systemThird-party hardware or softwareDetailed questions © Copyright 2015 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. First Edition: November 2015 Document Part No: 832555-001 Back to top Related links Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas Asia and Oceania Europe, Middle East and Africa End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedUnited States HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us Ways to buy Support HP Partners Stay connected © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P. Your browser does not support iframes. Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play? Your Privacy We use cookies (or similar technologies) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept ", you agree to this and the sharing of information (What data we collect) about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or find out more about Use of cookies . Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance & Analytics CookiesPersonalization CookiesTargeting CookiesSell or Share my Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Personalization Cookies Personalization Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data (a GREY slider means Do not Sell or Share my personal information with third parties). Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelHP US Privacy Statement HP recognizes that privacy is a fundamental human right and further recognizes the importance of privacy, security and data protection to our customers and partners worldwide. As a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross international borders, we strive to provide protections across all of our operations that exceed legal minimums and to deploy consistent, rigorous policies and procedures. As used in this statement, terms such as “we,” “us,” “our,” and “Company” refer to HP branded companies and current and future affiliates, as defined by local law (herein "HP"). Contact information for HP’s Privacy Office appears in the Exercising Your Rights & Contacting Us section below. This Privacy Statement (sometimes known as Privacy Policy as prescribed by local law), informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make and rights you can exercise in relation to your personal data, including information that may be collected from your online activity, use of devices, and interactions you have with HP offline, such as when you engage with our customer support representatives. This Privacy Statement applies to all of our services and is intended for our audience located in the United States, as well as HP-owned websites, domains, services (including device management), applications, subscriptions (i.e., Instant Ink) and products, and those of our subsidiaries in the United States (collectively “HP Services”), in the consumer context or while interacting with HP as a corporate customer. For certain HP Services we may provide you with additional privacy information that supplements this Statement. Supplemental Statements for specific products and services can be found here . If you are not located in the United States, HP provides the Service to you under the HP Worldwide Privacy Statement or the Mainland China Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement does not apply to HP employees or former employees as it does not cover employment related data, nor to any personal data we process on behalf of our business customers when we provide services. The contracts we have with our business customers control how we process your personal data in this context. If you are a customer, employee, or contractor of one HP’s business customers and have questions about your personal data we recommend that you contact HP’s business customer in the first instance and, if needed, will provide assistance to them in responding to your questions. Throughout this document references to ‘’local law’’ or ‘’applicable law’’ refer to US Federal law, US State privacy laws and local laws applicable to where you reside in the United States. We have an accountability-based program, and we are committed to the following principles, which are based on internationally recognized frameworks and principles of privacy and data protection: LAWFULNESS, FAIRNESS & TRANSPARENCY We process personal data in accordance with local law and with transparency and fairness to you. Our data processing activities are conducted: 1) with your consent; 2) in order to fulfill our obligations to you; 3) for the legitimate purposes of operating our business, advancing innovation and providing a seamless customer experience; or 4) otherwise in accordance with law. NOTICE & CHOICE OF DATA USE We are transparent and provide clear notice and choice to you about the types of personal data collected and the purposes for which it is collected and processed. We will not use personal data for purposes that are incompatible with these Principles, our Privacy Statement or specific notices associated with HP Services. DATA ACCESS We provide you with reasonable access along with the ability to review, correct, amend or delete the personal data you have shared with us. DATA INTEGRITY & PURPOSE LIMITATION We only process personal data for the purposes described at the time of collection or for additional compatible purposes in accordance with local law. We take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is accurate, complete and current and we only collect personal data which is relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected. We will keep personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and then, unless legally required to keep longer, we will securely delete or destroy it. DATA SECURITY To protect personal data against unauthorized use or disclosure we implement strong information security controls in our own operations and offer market-leading products and solutions with high levels of data security protection. ACCOUNTABILITY As an accountable organization, we have appropriate policies and procedures that promote good practices, which, taken as a whole, allow us to demonstrate our capacity to comply with applicable privacy laws.Personal data will only be shared with third parties and processors (often referred to as service providers or contractors) with whom we have a business relationship or manage or support certain aspects of our business operations on our behalf. All parties are obligated by contract, as required by law or regulation, to provide equivalent levels of protection and follow our HP’s privacy policies and practices for handling personal data. RECOURSE, OVERSIGHT & ENFORCEMENT We are committed to resolving any concerns regarding your personal data. We voluntarily participate in several international privacy programs that provide recourse to individuals if they feel HP has not adequately respected their rights in accordance with applicable laws. Our Privacy Principles As a company, it is possible that any information you provide may be transferred to or accessed by HP entities worldwide to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Statement in connection with your use of our products and services. If we do so, we will address any applicable legal requirements on international transfers between countries such contractual mechanisms or and international privacy programs set out below, to ensure that any transferred personal data remains protected and secure, wherever it may be. Depending on your country of residence to such transferred data, the different privacy programs below may apply based on applicable law (listed purely in alphabetical order): APEC CROSS-BORDER PRIVACY RULES HP’s privacy practices described in this Statement comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”), including transparency, accountability, and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal data, as well as the Privacy Recognition for Processors system (“PRP”). The CBPR and PRP certifications do not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software on third-party platforms. The APEC CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found here . If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern related to HP’s APEC Certification that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge). View our APEC CBPR certification View our APEC PRP certification BINDING CORPORATE RULES HP’s Binding Corporate Rules (“BCR”) ensure that personal data transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) is adequately protected while being processed by any of HP’s global entities in accordance with applicable laws. HP transfers of personal data from the EU are conducted in accordance with the following approved BCR: HP’s BCR for Controller (“BCR-C”) – Effective in 2011, HP’s BCR-C covers transfers of the personal data of existing and prospective HP consumer customers, as well as HP employees and job candidates as job candidates. HP’s BCR for Processor (“BCR-P”) – Approved by the majority of Data Protection Regulators in the EEA and Switzerland, effective in 2018. HP’s BCR-P is available to HP’s enterprise customers to facilitate the transfer of their personal data from the EEA. More information about our BCRs can be found here. EU-US PRIVACY SHIELD Although not used for data transfers as of July 16th, 2020, HP complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries. HP has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov In compliance with EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, HP commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact the HP’s Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer . HP has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint. If your complaint is not resolved through the above channels, under limited circumstances you may be able to invoke binding arbitration before a Privacy Shield Panel. HP is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or any other U.S. authorized statutory body. The following list includes all HP entities covered by Privacy Shield: PrinterOn America Corporation; HP Inc; Hewlett-Packard World Trade, LLC; HPQ Holdings, LLC; Compaq Information Technologies, LLC; Indigo America, Inc; Hewlett-Packard Enterprises, LLC; HPI J1 Holdings LLC; HP R&D Holding LLC; HPI Federal LLC; HPI Brazil Holdings LLC; HPI Bermuda Holdings LLC; HP Hewlett Packard Group LLC; Hewlett-Packard Company Archives LLC; HP US Digital LLC; HP Jade Holding LLC; HP Health Solutions Inc; HP Licensing Holding LLC; HP USA Manufacturing LLC; HP Technology Holdings LLC; Teradici Inc; Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P; Tall Tree Insurance Company. International Data Transfers We collect, use, disclosure, and otherwise process personal data as defined by applicable law to manage your relationship with HP and HP Services and to better serve you when you are using HP Services by personalizing and improving your experience. We use and otherwise process your data for the following business purposes: CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Providing you with a seamless customer experience by maintaining accurate contact and registration data, delivering comprehensive customer support, through a number of mediums including online message and chat centers such as chatbots, communicating with you about offering products, services, subscriptions and features that may interest you and enabling you to participate in contests, outbound satisfaction calls and surveys, customer incentives, benefits, and loyalty rewards. We also use your data to deliver a tailored experience, to personalize the HP Services and communications you receive and to create recommendations based on your use of HP Services. TRANSACTION SUPPORT Assisting you in completing transactions and orders for our products or services, administering your account, processing payments, arranging shipments and deliveries and facilitating repairs and returns. PRODUCT SUPPORT & IMPROVEMENT Communicating to you to inform you or make you aware of non-transactional. Product features not addressed through Customer Service or Administrative Communications. These include features to improve the performance and operation of our products, solutions, services and support, including warranty support and timely firmware and software updates and alerts to ensure the continued operation of the device or service. For more information, please see the section on Information Automatically Collected. ADMINISTRATIVE COMMUNICATIONS Communicating with you about HP Services. Examples of administrative communications may include responses to your inquiries or requests, service completion or warranty-related communications, safety recall notifications, communications required by law or applicable corporate updates related to mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures. SECURITY Maintaining the integrity and security of our websites, products, features and services and preventing and detecting security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity that might compromise your information. When you interact with us, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your personal data. We may also maintain additional security measures, such as CCTV, to safeguard our physical locations. BUSINESS OPERATIONS Conducting ordinary business operations, verifying your identity, making credit decisions if you apply for credit, conducting business research, analytics, planning and strategy, corporate reporting and management, sales related activities, staff training and quality assurance purposes (which may include monitoring or recording calls to our customer support) and outreach. RESEARCH & INNOVATION Innovating new and existing new products, features and services using research and development tools and incorporating data analysis activities. MARKETING AND ADVERTISING Providing personalized promotional offers (in accordance with your Privacy Preferences ) on HP Services through e-mail, SMS/text-messages, in application marketing and third-party platforms and other selected partner websites (for example, you might see an advertisement for a product on a partner site that you have recently viewed on an HP site).In accordance with your stated communication preferences, we may also share some of your information with selected partners, marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present advertisements that might interest you in other sites or mobile applications. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW Compliance with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government, and law enforcement requests, to operate our services and products properly and to protect ourselves, our users, and our customers and to solve any customer disputes. The information collected may also be used to investigate security incidents and potential breaches of personal data, notify individuals and third parties of the breach and to prepare to defend lawsuits. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE / MACHINE LEARNING As user interfaces become more complex and personalized, HP may use data to allow devices to better tailor services towards a customer in terms of the way information or tasks are presented. For example, using body and biometric data (with your consent) to enhance customer experience around our products and services, such as device security and virtual reality applications. SERVICE DELIVERY Where automatic data collection is strictly necessary for providing HP Services or delivering a product that you have requested. Without the collection of telemetry (such as Printer Usage Data) and personal data we cannot provide certain services of functionality we have agreed to provide to the customer. In addition, we may use automatic data collection to support and improve HP Services and support business operations relating to HP Services. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT When using our products and services, including our online stores, you may create sign in credentials or an account with HP. When you create these credentials with your e-mail address and password, a unique identifier is created that allows you to use the same credentials for all our services. Depending on the Services you are engaged with, the information associated with your credentials or account may also include delivery address, payment card information and history, details of purchased and connected devices, device and connection settings, device service usage data, as well as your preferences for recommendations and offers from HP. Examples of categories of personal data will be found and described in the next section, but see our Data Collection and Use Matrix to find a quick-reference guide to know how we use this data in relation to our purposes and with whom we share your data. How We Use Data The categories of personal data we collect from you depends on the nature of your interaction with us or on the HP Services you use, but may include the following: INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT YOU Contact Data – We collect personal and/or business contact information including your first name, last name, mailing address, telephone number, fax number, email address and other similar data and identifiers. Payment Data – We collect information necessary for processing payments and preventing fraud, including credit/debit card numbers, security code numbers and other related billing information. Account Data – We collect information such as how you purchased or signed up for HP Services, your transaction, billing and support history, the HP Services you use and anything else relating to the account you create. Location Data – We collect geolocation data when you enable location-based services or when you choose to provide location-related information during product registration or when interacting with our website. Location data might be used when the consumer is in need for technical support for services or products. In some cases, location data is used to provide product-specific functionalities such as “Find My Headset”, which requires that specific location data from the device on which the application is installed is logged. No location data is logged unless you elect to turn on this functionality in said products. Security Credentials Data – We collect user IDs, passwords, password hints, and similar security information required for authentication and access to HP accounts. Demographic Data – We collect, or obtain from third parties, certain demographic data including, for example, country, gender, age, preferred language, and general interest data. Preferences – We collect information about your preferences and interests as they relate to HP Services (both when you tell us what they are or when we deduce them from what we know about you) and how you prefer to receive communications from us. Social Media Data – We provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with us on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature.We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites you use to make sure you understand the information that is collected, used, and shared by those sites. Body and biometric Data – When you use our products, you might provide us with information about your body, such as your height or weight, or gait to create personalized objects with our 3D Print technology. With your permission, some of our products may collect biometric information (such as a fingerprint) to perform functions on the device. Other Unique Identifying Information – Examples of other unique information that we collect from you include product serial numbers, information you provide when you interact in-person, online or by phone or mail with our services centers, help desks or other customer support channels, your written, voice or video responses to customer surveys or contests or additional information you have provided to us to facilitate delivery of HP Services and to respond to your inquiries. If you apply for instant credit, we may ask you to provide additional personal data such as salary, government-issued identification number, banking/financial account information, and other information (for example from credit reporting agencies) for authentication purposes and to verify credit worthiness. Specific HP-Service Data Collection – Select HP Services, such as HP Gaming and Immersive Applications may collect additional types of data to enable functionality and specialized features. To learn more about a specific HP Service, please click here. Printer Usage Data – We collect printer usage data such as pages printed, print mode, media used, ink or toner cartridge type (in particular, whether non-original cartridges, or cartridges with a non-HP chip or electronic circuitry are used), file type printed (.pdf, .jpg, etc.), application used for printing (Word, Excel, Adobe Photoshop, etc.), file size, time stamp, and usage and status of other printer supplies. We do not scan or collect the content of any file or information that might be displayed by an application. Device Data – We collect information about your computer, printer and/or device such as operating system, firmware, amount of memory, region, language, time zone, model number, first start date, age of device, device manufacture date, browser version, device manufacturer, connection port, warranty status, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers and additional technical information that varies by product. Application Data – We collect information related to HP applications such as location, language, software versions, data sharing choices and update details. In cases where we incorporate technologies from third parties, data may be shared between the third party and HP and appropriate notice will provided at the application level. Performance Data – We collect information regarding the performance of individual device hardware components, firmware, software, and applications. Examples of the data we collect include information relating to memory and processor performance, environmental conditions and systems failures, printing events, features, and alerts used such as “Low on Ink” warnings, use of photo cards, fax, scan, embedded web server, and additional technical information that varies by device. Website Browsing Data – We collect information about your visits to and your activity on our HP websites, applications or websites “powered by” another company on our behalf including the content (and any ads) that you view and interact with, the address of the website from which you arrived and other clickstream behavior (such as the pages you view, the links you click or which items you've added to your shopping basket). Some of this information is collected using cookies, web beacons, embedded web links and similar technologies. To learn more, please read our Use of Cookies and other Technologies Statement. Anonymous or Aggregated Data – We collect anonymous answers to surveys or anonymous and aggregated information about how our HP Services are used. In certain cases, we apply a process of de-identification or pseudonymisation to your data to make it reasonably unlikely to identify you through the use of that data with available technology. Please note : Some web browsers incorporate “Do Not Track” features. Currently, no industry standard exists for handling “Do Not Track” requests, therefore at this time, our websites may not respond to “Do Not Track” requests or headers from these browsers. INFORMATION FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES We collect data from the following third parties: Data brokers, social media networks and advertising networks – Commercially available data such as name, address, email address, preferences, interests, and certain demographic data.For example, personal data may be collected when you access our applications through social media logins (i.e., logging in to our applications using your social media credentials) or third-party platform credentials. The basic details we receive may depend on your social network or third-party platform privacy settings. HP Partners – If you purchase HP Services from an HP partner, we may receive certain information about your purchase from that partner. We may also receive cookie data and insights. Fraud prevention or credit reporting agencies – Data collected to prevent fraud and in connection with credit determinations. HP Enterprise Customers – In order to provide certain HP Services at an enterprise level, your business contact data may be provided to HP by a designated entity within your business or enterprise (such as a member of your IT department). Analytics Providers – We also receive non-personal data, such as aggregated or de-identified demographic/profile data, from third-party sources including selected partners and companies that specialize in providing enterprise data, analytics, and software as a service. In order to ensure data accuracy and offer a superior customer experience by providing you with better personalized services, content, marketing and ads, in some cases we link or combine the information that we collect from the different sources outlined above with the information we collect directly from you. For example, we compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address to derive your general geographic area. Information may also be linked via a unique identifier such as a cookie or account number. Where necessary, we obtain information to conduct due diligence checks on business contacts as part of our anti-corruption compliance program and in accordance with our legal obligations. IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO PROVIDE DATA You are not required to share the personal data that we request, however, if you choose not to share the information, as permitted by local law, in some cases we will not be able to provide you with some HP Services, certain specialized features or be able to effectively respond to any queries you may have. What Data We Collect In certain situations, some personal data we collect may be considered sensitive as defined by local law. We will always ensure that such processing is lawful as outlined in this Privacy Statement and as otherwise permitted by law or as permitted with your consent and implement robust measures to protect such information. To the extent, we use or disclose your sensitive personal data for purposes other than those permitted by applicable law, you have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal data on a going-forward basis at any time as set forth in applicable law. When contacting HP through its channels, please refrain from communicating sensitive personal data or any other personal data that is not necessary. You may request that we limit the processing of your sensitive personal data (if any, and as permitted by applicable law) Opt-out by using our web form at HP’s Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer. Sensitive Data Children’s Privacy At your request, we will delete or anonymize your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data. Because of the complexity of deleting data from inactive long-term backups, we can’t delete personal data that is inactive. If for any reason the data from backups is restored, we will deidentify or delete the data from active systems. How We Retain and Keep Your Data Secure We do not, and will not, sell personal data to third parties as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. Nonetheless, in some jurisdictions sharing personal data in a commercial context may be defined as selling personal data. You can find more information on the categories of recipients with whom we have disclosed personal data, by clicking here (during but not limited to twelve (12) months as required by local law). We will only disclose, sell, or share your personal data, when applicable, with the appropriate contractual obligations in place. For more information about the right to Opt-out of sale or share please see the “ Exercising Your Rights & Contacting Us ” section. SHARING WITH HP COMPANIES We may transfer your personal data to other HP entities in the US and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement in the “ How We Use Data ” section.To ensure that your personal data is secure and as part of our participation in the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules, Binding Corporate Rules and Privacy Shield like programs, HP entities are contractually bound to comply with our privacy requirements. Furthermore, our privacy guidelines are communicated to our HP employees on an annual basis as part of our mandatory training. Where the international privacy programs identified above do not apply, you agree to accept HP’s Privacy Statement when registering a product or for a service, creating an account, or otherwise providing us with your personal data, you consent to the transfer of your personal data throughout the global HP network of entities. SHARING WITH SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS We engage service providers or partners to manage or support certain aspects of our business operations on our behalf. These service providers or partners may be located in the US or in other global locations and may provide services such as credit card processing and fraud management services, customer support, sales pursuits on our behalf, order fulfillment, product delivery, content personalization, advertising and marketing activities (including digital and personalized advertising), IT services, email service providers, data hosting, live-help, debt collection and management, customer satisfaction surveys or support of HP websites. Our service providers and partners are required by contract to safeguard any personal data they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal data for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by HP. In some cases, HP might contact you to measure your satisfaction with the delivery of our products and services provided by those service providers and partners. SHARING OTHER INFORMATION WITH ADVERTISERS We may also transfer information about you to advertising partners (including the ad networks, ad-serving companies, and other service providers we may use) so that they may recognize your devices and deliver interest-based content and advertisements to you. The information may include your name, postal address, email, device ID, or other identifier in encrypted form. The providers may process the information in hashed or de-identified form. These providers may collect additional information from you, such as your IP address and information about your browser or operating system and may combine information about you with information from other companies in data sharing cooperatives in which we participate. For more information, please read the HP Communications section. If applicable in your jurisdiction, once you have opted out of the sale or sharing (and as applicable law in your jurisdiction), we will no longer sell or share your personal data with third parties as defined by relevant law (except in an aggregated or de-identified manner so it is no longer personal data), but we will continue to share your personal data with our service providers, which process it on our behalf. SHARING WITH OTHER THIRD PARTIES We may also share your personal data with: (i) credit reference and fraud prevention agencies; (ii) debt collection agencies (for outstanding debts with us); or (iii) insurance providers if you have purchased an insurance policy through us (e.g., Care Packs). If you choose to provide personal data to other companies, that personal data will be handled according to the privacy policy of those companies, which may differ from HP’s policies and practices. Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, HP decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses. In such transactions, we may disclose or transfer your personal data to prospective or actual purchasers or receive personal data from sellers. Our practice is to seek appropriate protection for your personal data in these types of transactions. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW We may also share your personal data when we believe, in good faith, that we have an obligation to: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of law enforcement agencies, regulators, courts and other public authorities, including to meet national security or other law enforcement requirements; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect the rights and properties of HP or its subsidiaries; or (v) protect the rights or personal safety of HP, our employees, and third parties on or using HP property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law. How We Share Data We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on HP Services may change or no longer be available to you as the data might be necessary to provide some functionalities or features.HP has developed different loyalty programs available for US consumers where they receive benefits for their participation. These financial incentives are not linked to any exchange of personal data, aside from the necessary data to create an account; and therefore, we assign no value to the sharing of personal data. To enter our Loyalty Programs, you will be informed about the material terms and conditions of participation, and they will be governed by this Privacy Statement. A member can Opt-out of the HP Rewards Loyalty Program at any time In the event that HP develops a loyalty program based on sharing your personal data, a notice explaining the terms and conditions of the financial incentives will be included in the general participation terms and conditions for the program. Non-Discrimination and Loyalty Programs You can make or change your choices regarding subscription or general communications from HP at the data collection point or by using other methods, which are described in this section. These options do not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings, driver updates, or other administrative and transactional notices where the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature. You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods: Select the email’s “Opt out” or “Unsubscribe” link, or follow the instructions included in each email communication. To unsubscribe from messages delivered to mobile phones, reply to the message with the words “STOP” or “END.” COOKIES AND CHOICES HP Communications Your Privacy Rights You have the right to ask us for a copy of any personal data that you have provided to us or that we maintain about you and to request an explanation about the processing, which will detail the categories of personal data, the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected, the purposes for collecting or sharing personal data, the categories of third parties to whom HP discloses personal data, and the specific pieces of personal data HP has collected about you. In addition, you have the right to withdraw any consent previously granted or to request correction, amendment, restriction, anonymization, or deletion of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide with your consent or in connection with a contract in a structured, machine-readable format and to ask us to transfer this data to another data controller. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances, including when we are using your data for direct marketing or to create a marketing profile. Please see the HP Communications Section for guidance on how to manage your preferences for marketing and subscription communications. You have the right to limit HP’s use and disclosure of sensitive personal data about you for a specific HP purpose that would require you to exercise a right to limit processing (if any, and as permitted by the California Consumer Privacy Act), and the right to obtain information about financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. In addition to the privacy controls available to you via this Privacy Statement, you can control your device data collection. In some instances, product usage data (not content of files) is collected and processed in order to deliver to you the essential functionality of an HP Service, such as remote printing, Instant Ink or other web-enabled service. You can control device data collection yourself through your device settings and preferences. HP is not in a position to adjust your data collection settings without your active participation. Disabling data collection may affect the availability or functionality of such services. Data collected for the fulfilment of such essential functionality will not be processed for direct marketing purposes. If you need assistance in adjusting your data collection settings, please contact HP Customer Support with your device details. In certain cases, these rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep it. In case automated decision-making occurs, HP will take the appropriate steps to ensure it takes place as required by applicable law. How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights and Make Your Privacy Requests To exercise your rights, or if you have any questions or concerns about this US Privacy Statement and our privacy practices, our collection and use of your information or a possible data breach, you can, or by entrusting an authorized agent, submit your privacy requests by clicking on the HP Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer form.How We Manage your Privacy Requests Upon receipt of your communication, our representative will contact you within a reasonable time to respond to your questions or concerns. In some cases, we may request further information to verify your identity, complete you request, ask for the service your request refers to, clarify the nature of your request, remedy any deficiencies with your request, or let you know if we need more time, as permitted in applicable law. Please refrain from sending us sensitive personal data. You can designate someone else to make a request on your behalf. To protect your information, we will ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the other person to submit a request on your behalf. If applicable, we will contact you to confirm that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request before we respond to your authorized agent’s request. Timing We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days after we receive your request. You will receive our response to your request within 45 days of your request, unless we provide you with notice that it will take more than 45 days to respond (in that case, we won't take more than 90 days to respond). Exercising Your Rights & Contacting Us California “Shine the Light” Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to provide you with some additional transparency information. This State Consumer Privacy Notice supplements the transparency information in our Privacy Statement and applies solely to California residents. The Privacy Statement includes what personal data is collected, the source of the personal data, and the business and commercial purposes (as that term is defined by California law) of use, as well as whether HP discloses, sells, or shares that personal data and if so, the categories of third parties to whom it is disclosed, sold and shared (as that term is defined by California law). More information about how HP handles personal data in connection with specific HP services or products can be found here This Notice does not apply to personal data we collect from our employees or job applicants. HP does not discriminate in response to privacy rights requests. HP also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit according to California law. What Data We Collect About You HP collects personal data to provide our services and protect and improve the customer experience. To learn more about the categories of personal data we collect, use, disclose, share, sell, or otherwise process, including categories of sensitive personal data, to be collected, please see the “What Data We Collect” section. How We Use Your Data HP appreciates that our services are used for purposes of managing the relationship with HP and to better serve California residents by personalizing their experience and interaction with us for which the categories of personal data, including categories of sensitive personal data, are collected, and used. For information on how HP collects, and uses personal data, please visit the “How We Use Data” section. Categories of Recipients or Third Parties with whom the Information was Disclosed, Sold or Shared For information on the categories of personal data about California residents and the categories of recipients or third parties to whom the information was disclosed, sold, or shared for the purposes described in the “ How We Use Data ” section in the preceding twelve (12) months, please see the “ How We Share Data ” section. How We Protect Your Data We will retain the personal data consistent with our internal record-retention policies and for as long as is necessary to provide products and services to California residents or as required by law. Please see “How We Retain and Keep Your Data Secure” for more information on retention of personal data. Your California Rights California residents have a right to know, access, correct, limit, and delete their personal data under the California law by exercising their rights directly or through an authorized agent visiting the above “Exercising Your Rights & Contacting Us” section of the Privacy Statement. California residents can also request us to stop selling or sharing of personal data outside of your browsing activity, by using the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request" form. Similarly, California residents can exercise your right to Opt-out of selling or sharing that occurs during your browsing activity in the below “Additional Rights for Certain US States Residents” section. Our HP US Privacy Statement We regularly review and update our HP US Privacy Statement to ensure that it reflects our personal data handling and privacy practices and facilitates monitoring of compliance by our California consumers.You can access and receive a copy of our US HP Privacy Statement at any time and free of charge by clicking here . Supplementary Privacy Notice for California Residents California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia privacy laws permit their respective residents to request us to stop selling or sharing their personal data with third parties. If you are a resident of such states, this section applies to any personal data that we collect about you in accordance with your respective state's privacy laws. Obtaining Information about the Sale or Sharing of your Personal Data You can request and obtain from us further information regarding those categories of third parties to whom your personal data was disclosed, sold, or shared (if any, and as defined under applicable law), the purposes for collecting, selling or sharing your personal data, and the categories of personal data disclosed, sold or shared, as provided for in the local law. To make such a request, please contact us by using the HP’s Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer form. Your Right to Opt-out As a Consumer, you have the right to Opt-out, this means you the right to direct HP to not sell or share personal data about you to third parties, as defined by local law, or to stop doing so for the following purposes: Targeted advertising, cross-context behavioral advertising, or personalized advertising as defined by law in your jurisdiction; The sale or sharing of personal data as defined by law in your jurisdiction, or If applicable, profiling in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As a California, Colorado, Connecticut or Virginia resident, you can also exercise your Opt-Out right of the sale or sharing of personal data in offline scenarios by using the “ Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Request form. In addition, you can exercise this right at any time by visiting the “ Your Privacy Choices ” link on HP website footer. Similarly, exercising your right to Opt-Out of sale or sharing that occurs during your browsing activity can be accomplished in either of the ways listed below: Opt-out in Cookie Preference Center: As a California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia resident, in addition to being able to select your preference on which cookies are allowed, you can Opt-out of sale or sharing browsing based personal data by clicking on the “Privacy Preference Center” and changing the setting to “inactive” (by changing the setting to GREY slider) at the “Sell or Share” category. If you choose “inactive”, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not sell or share your personal information with third parties as defined by relevant law. Before selecting “Inactive” at the “Sell or Share” category at the Privacy Preference Center, make sure all cookies have been cleared from your browser. Universal Opt-out Mechanism (e.g., Global Privacy Control) : If you use a Universal Opt-out Mechanism or Opt-out Preference Signal (as defined in applicable law), including a web browser or extension, we will interpret as Opting-out of the sale or sharing of your personal data with third parties that are in scope of Do Not Sell or Share. Please note that the use of Universal Opt-out mechanism only applies to your browsing activity and not to offline sale or sharing of personal data. We are committed to process your Opt-out preferences (and as a result, Opt-out of personalized advertising) for the device and web browser from which the Opt-out signal is being made, as it will be tied a specific device ID or browser ID. If you use another device or browser, you will need to Opt-out on each device and browser. If you wish to Opt-out, we recommend that you clear your cookies from your browser first and then select your cookie preferences above. Even when Opted-out, you may still see contextual ads online such as those based on the topic and content of a webpage you visit. Most browsers automatically accept cookies (including some of our third-party analytics providers), but this is typically something you can adjust. Please reference your browser’s settings to adjust your privacy preferences. Your Right to Appeal We aim to ensure that your concerns are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner. If we fail to take any action regarding your request to exercise rights or decline to respond, you have, or by entrusting an authorized agent, the right to appeal by using our HP Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer form The appeal must describe your request with a detailed summary that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it and provide the former case ticket number. Similarly, in case an appeal is denied, you have the right to contact your local Attorney General or dedicated Agency if you have concerns about the result of the appeal, as prescribed by applicable law.Additional Rights for Certain US States Residents This section was created to report on the number of privacy requests received from all individuals (including California residents). You can find more information on the number of requests received, complied with in whole or in part, or denied, and the average time to substantively respond every calendar year, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act here . Privacy Rights Reporting Metrics If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to our Privacy Statement that materially alter our privacy practices, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our corporate website and/or social media pages prior to the changes taking effect. Date Posted: June 2023 Changes to Our HP US Privacy Statement Related Privacy links: Privacy statements forother countries/regions HP’s Contractual Commitmentto Data Protection HP Personal data rights Related links Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas Asia and Oceania Europe, Middle East and Africa End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedUnited States HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us Ways to buy Support HP Partners Stay connected © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P. Your browser does not support iframes. Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play? Your Privacy We use cookies (or similar technologies) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept ", you agree to this and the sharing of information (What data we collect) about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or find out more about Use of cookies . Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance & Analytics CookiesPersonalization CookiesTargeting CookiesSell or Share my Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Personalization Cookies Personalization Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data (a GREY slider means Do not Sell or Share my personal information with third parties).Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label