Light Control & Privacy Diffusing Or Blocking Natural Light—How To Make It Work For You Pirouette Window Shadings Natural light is a must-have in any home—it’s welcoming, refreshing, energizing and makes a room feel brighter and more spacious. Of course, sometimes natural light is too much of a good thing—such as during the heat of a sunny day or when you want to catch a few extra Zs in the morning. Hunter Douglas can help with both those scenarios. Because when it comes to controlling natural light, we define the industry. We have solutions that beautifully diffuse sunlight, so it’s not harsh, while still allowing you to reap its benefits. We also offer innovative features to help darken rooms for movie watching or sleeping soundly. Here’s a look at each. Silhouette Window Shadings Diffusing Sunlight While Preserving Privacy From sheers and shadings to optional features, you’re sure to find a versatile solution that lets you tailor the brightness in a room, while preserving your view. Sheers and Shadings Our light-diffusing sheers and shadings protect furniture and flooring from UV rays, while still giving you the benefits of natural light—and maintaining your privacy. Two sophisticated choices you might consider are Silhouette Window Shadings and Luminette Privacy Sheers . Silhouette Window Shadings boast unique S-shaped vanes suspended between two sheers; simply tilt the vanes to allow light to filter through, while blocking the outside world from looking in. For vertical applications, such as sliding-glass doors , look to Luminette Privacy Sheers. Vertical vanes attached to the back of sheer fabric rotate 180 degrees, for precise light control and privacy. Duette Honeycomb Shades with Duolite Duolite Design Options Duolite combines two separate fabrics with two different opacities into a single shade, so you can easily enjoy softly filtered light or privacy. Vignette Duolite, available on Vignette Modern Roman Shades, combines a light-filtering or sheer front shade with a room-darkening back panel on a single roller. Completely lower the front shade and then adjust the back shade to just the level you want. Taking the light-diffusing qualities of Silhouette to another level, Silhouette Duolite Shadings are crafted with a Silhouette shading in front and a room-darkening roller in the back. This sheer/opaque pairing allows gorgeous views outward and privacy inward. If a cellular shade is more your style, the Duolite feature is also offered on Duette Honeycomb Shades—the most energy-efficient shades available—for a distinctive twist on controlling natural light. Duette Honeycomb Shades with LightLock Darkening A Room Whether you're looking to block as much light as possible or simply reduce glare, our unique solutions have you covered. Light-Blocking Features For unparalleled darkness, consider our innovative LightLock system, exclusive to Duette Honeycomb Shades . U-shaped side channels, which fit seamlessly into the window, absorb light, preventing it from entering the room—and making it perfect for bedrooms and home theaters. Provenance Woven Wood Shades with Liner Fabrics and Liners One of the key considerations for darkening a room is fabric type, with opaque fabrics almost completely blocking all light. (These fabrics darken, but do not entirely eliminate light in a room.) Some shade styles are available with a room-darkening liner, which is also a good solution for blocking out light. You can choose to have the liner sewn directly to the fabric, or, for greater flexibility, opt for a liner that can operate independently (depending on the product). For example, our Alustra Woven Textures Roman and Roller Shades are both available with optional individual liners. In addition, you might also consider adding side panels to a shade or using drapery, both of which help cover light gaps at the window. Customer Support Articles Meet With An Expert Dealer Locator 1.800.789.0331 Monday-Friday 9:00 am - 8:00 pm EST Enter your email for product updates, design & maintenance tips and marketing offers. Submit Thank You A confirmation welcome email will arrive shortly. Enjoy our marketing & promotional content. ©2023 Hunter Douglas. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Share My Personal Information To turn off the behavioral advertising cookies and trackers on this website toggle “Targeting / Advertising” cookies to “off” and click “Confirm My Choices.” Note that your selection is limited to the specific device and browser you are using during this visit to our website. If you visit this website from a different device or browser you will need to opt out again. Do not sell my information About Cookies Cookies are to ensure website user gets best experience. Necessary cookies can be stored in the users devices. We need your permission for non essential cookies.Learn more about how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy? Necessary null Preferences Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers. Unclassified Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. 17 Powered by Seers Do Not Share My Personal Information To turn off the behavioral advertising cookies and trackers on this website toggle “Targeting / Advertising” cookies to “off” and click “Confirm My Choices.” Note that your selection is limited to the specific device and browser you are using during this visit to our website. If you visit this website from a different device or browser you will need to opt out again. Targeting / Advertising To request that your personal information is not shared for these purposes outside of the cookie context, enter your email address below. Additionally, you will not need to opt out of targeted advertising again if you visit from a different device or browser and are logged in. Email:Privacy Policy Last updated on: December 2022 Effective Date: December 2019 This Privacy Policy describes how Hunter Douglas Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and safeguards personal information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. What This Policy Contains Types of Information We Collect The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information. Home Improvement Contract and Consultation Information We collect your name and contract information such as your email address, home address, phone number, and zip code.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use the information you provided to schedule an in-home consultation with a professional design consultant, to contact you regarding our products, or to reach out to you for customer service purposes. We use this information to fulfill our purchase or home improvement contract with you. Customer Information We collect the name, and contact information, of our customers and their employees with whom we may interact.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to contact our customers and communicate with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing, and to provide additional information regarding products. Cookies And First-Party Tracking We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed. See our Cookie Section below for more information.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this technology to make our website operate efficiently and better understand its users. Cookies And Third-Party Tracking We may participate in behavior-based advertising, this means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website, or on other websites. See our Cookies Section below for more information.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this technology to tailor advertising about products specifically to your interests Dealer And Partner Information We collect information from our dealers and other partners and their employees including contact information, account information, username, and other business identifiers.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to fulfill our contractual obligations with dealers and other partners. Email Interconnectivity If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to understand how you interact with our communications to you. Employment If you apply for a job posting, seeking additional information about employment opportunities, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number. Providing this information is required for employment.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use information about current employees to perform our obligations as an employer. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees. We also use this information to have efficient staffing and work force operations. Feedback / Support If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to receive, and act upon, your feedback or issues. Mailing List When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information. We use this information to share information about our products or services with you. Additionally, we may hire a third party to send mail to you based of information that third party has about you, such as your address and demographic data. The third party’s privacy practices apply in this scenario Mobile Devices We may collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number when you place an order. Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use your information for our contract to provide you with products or services.Order Placement We may collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number when you place an order. Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services. Partner Promotion We collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to fulfill our promotions. Surveys When you participate in a survey, we collect information that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, in some instances, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to understand your opinions and collect information relevant to our organization. Request A Consultation Or Appointment When you request a consultation or an appointment with one of our representatives we collect information from you necessary to provide the consultation, such as your address or contact information.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to book the consultation or appointment. Sweepstakes Or Contests When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data We use this information to, among other things, notify you if you are selected. In some contexts we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter into our sweepstakes, and we use this information to comply with those laws. Website Interactions We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to aid our understanding of how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful. We also use this information to detect and prevent fraud. Website Logs We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors. Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data: We use this information to monitor our networks and the visitors to our websites. Among other things, it helps us understand which of our web services or features is the most popular. In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources. For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check. Use And Processing Of Information In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways: To identify you when you visit our websites or our stores. To provide products and services, including replacement parts, or to process returns. To improve our services and product offerings. To register your warranty. To conduct analytics. To set up consultation appointments. To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests. To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions. For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships. To set up home service appointments. Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order. As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business. Cookies What are cookies? A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables a variety of features and functionality. Cookies also enable you to easily share content and help us serve relevant ads to you.Cookies can do this because websites can read and write them, enabling websites to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of a website more convenient (for example by remembering preference settings). We use cookies and other similar technologies to ensure everyone who uses our website has the best possible experience and for marketing purposes. How are cookies used for advertising purposes? Cookies and other ad technology such as beacons, pixels, and tags help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively. They also help us provide aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for advertisers, understand and improve our service, and know when content has been shown to you. We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party advertising companies if you have any concerns. Note: Because your web browser may request advertisements and beacons directly from third party ad network servers, these networks can view, edit, or set third party cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Ads served by us may also set third party cookies. Unless you clear these cookies from your browser, we may use this information to: Provide more relevant, interest-based advertising Provide aggregate reports of ads activity to advertisers and websites hosting the ads Help website and app owners understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps Detect and defend against fraud and other risks to protect users and partners Improve our products Controlling cookies. Most browsers allow you to control and erase cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. Additionally, some features may work improperly or not at all. It may also stop you from saving customized settings. You also have the right to opt-out of online tracking based targeted advertising (e.g., cookies) by clicking the link here . Sharing Of Information In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations: 1. Affiliates and Acquisitions We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we may also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage. 2. Other Disclosures With Your Consent We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy. 3. Other Disclosures Without Your Consent We may disclose your information to third parties where we have a legitimate interest in providing you our products or services. This includes sharing your information with third party installation service providers of our products, our third party marketing partners, and our third party data cooperative. In addition, we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary. 4. Partner Promotion We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy. 5. Service Providers We may share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders. Your Choices You can make the following choices regarding your personal information: 1. Access to Your Personal Information. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us as discussed in this policy. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing. 2. Changes to Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. If our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you can contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information be modified. You may ask us to correct information that is inaccurate or incomplete. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law. 3. Deletion of Your Personal Information. Typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us as discussed in this policy. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes. Deletion of Information in the PowerView Mobile Application If you are only requesting deletion of the information collected by the PowerView Mobile Application, you can do so by using the automated form found at https://www.powerviewmotorization.com/requestGDPRDelete . Please note that this will only delete your information collected via that application. 4. Opt-out of Targeted Advertising. You may opt-out of online tracking based targeted advertising (e.g., cookies) by clicking the “Do Not Share” link on the bottom of the homepage. 5. Objection to Certain Processing. You may object to our use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. 6. Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. 7. Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications. 8. Promotional Mailings. If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code and we will remove you if required by law. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed. You may also still receive mailers from third parties containing information about the Company if the Company hired that party to send mailers to certain groups or markets. In those scenarios, the third party’s privacy policy applies. 9. Revocation of Consent. If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below. Please note, not all of the rights described above are absolute, and they do not apply in all circumstances. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request because the law permits us or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under applicable law. Submitting Requests You may exercise the rights described above through our request portal or by contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Information” section below. If you disagree how we handled a request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us with the subject line “Appeal.” Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity. We may verify your identity by phone call, email, or via our online identification tool available via our request portal . Depending on your request, we may ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us.Our identification tool may also look at public records to verify your identity. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity. In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf. You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request: A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form (available via our request portal indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf. If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California. If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied. How We Protect Personal Information No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law. We retain your personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we obtained the information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements. Other Important Information The following additional information relates to our privacy practices: Transmission of Information to Other Countries. Your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. Third-Party Applications / Websites. We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. Changes to This Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy. Our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified. Information for California Residents. California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share below. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Contact Information" section below. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy. Accessibility. If you are visually impaired, you may call our toll-free number at 866-930-0488 and request that we read the notice to you. Contact Information And Submitting Request If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information. Mailing Address Hunter Douglas Inc. Attention: Privacy Policy Manager 1 Blue Hill Plaza P.O.Box 1569 Pearl River, NY 10965 If you would like to request access or deletion of your data please use our Request Portal by clicking on the link below or you may call us at: Link to Request Portal: Click Here Toll Free Phone #: 866-930-0488 Effective Date: December, 2019 Last Updated Date: December, 2022 California Information Sharing Disclosure California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether the following categories of personal information are collected, disclosed for a business purpose, “sold” and/or “shared” (as those terms are defined under California law). We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. The information below indicates the categories of personal information we collect and transfer in a variety of contexts. Please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself. For example, while we transfer credit card or debit card numbers for our business purpose in order to process payments for orders placed with us, we do not collect or transfer credit card or debit card numbers of individuals that submit questions through our website’s “contact us” page. Note that any third party that we share your information with will provide the same or equal protection of your information as stated in this Privacy Policy. Categories Of Information We Collect The following provides examples of the categories of personal information that we collect from you and how we use that information. The following also describes the categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law) we collect and why. These sensitive categories will indicate whether we “sell” or “share” such information (as those terms are defined under California law). Identifiers Such as name, postal address, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, device ID, email address, account name, signature, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service ProvidersProduct and service fulfillment companies Internet service providersAdvertising NetworksSocial NetworksPayment Processors and financial institutionsGovernment entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by lawData analytics providers Financial Information Such as bank account number, credit or debit card number, or other financial information. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Payment processors and financial institutions Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Purposes for Which Information is Collected: We collect this information so you can make purchases and/or place an order. This information is not shared for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. Medical / Health Insurance Information Such as information from a healthcare provider regarding an individual’s medical history, mental or physical condition, or treatment; an individual’s insurance policy number or subscriber identification number, any unique identifier used by a health insurer to identify the individual, or any information in the individual’s application and claims history. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Purposes for Which Information is Collected: We collect this information to ensure we have efficient staffing and workforce operations. This information is not shared for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. Protected Characteristics Such as race, gender, physical or mental disability, and religion. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Purposes for Which Information is Collected: We collect this information to ensure we have efficient staffing and workforce operations. This information is not shared for the purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. Commercial Information Such as information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Product and service fulfillment companies Advertising Networks Social Networks Payment Processors and financial institutions Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Data analytics providers Network Activity Data Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Product and service fulfillment companies Internet service providers Advertising Networks Social Networks Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Data analytics providers Electronic And Sensory Data Such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information (e.g., pictures, a recording of a customer service call, security video surveillance footage). To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Professional / Employment Information Such as occupation and professional references. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Education Information Such as information contained in education records. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Inferences Drawn from any of the information listed above to create a profile. To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purposes: Other Service Providers Advertising Networks Social Networks Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law Data analytics providers Customer Support Articles Meet With An Expert Dealer Locator 1.800.789.0331 Monday-Friday 9:00 am - 8:00 pm EST Enter your email for product updates, design & maintenance tips and marketing offers. Submit Thank You A confirmation welcome email will arrive shortly. Enjoy our marketing & promotional content. ©2023 Hunter Douglas. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Share My Personal Information To turn off the behavioral advertising cookies and trackers on this website toggle “Targeting / Advertising” cookies to “off” and click “Confirm My Choices.” Note that your selection is limited to the specific device and browser you are using during this visit to our website. If you visit this website from a different device or browser you will need to opt out again. Do not sell my information About Cookies Cookies are to ensure website user gets best experience. Necessary cookies can be stored in the users devices. We need your permission for non essential cookies. Learn more about how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy? Necessary null Preferences Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Statistics Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers. Unclassified Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. 17 Powered by Seers Do Not Share My Personal Information To turn off the behavioral advertising cookies and trackers on this website toggle “Targeting / Advertising” cookies to “off” and click “Confirm My Choices.” Note that your selection is limited to the specific device and browser you are using during this visit to our website. If you visit this website from a different device or browser you will need to opt out again. Targeting / Advertising To request that your personal information is not shared for these purposes outside of the cookie context, enter your email address below. Additionally, you will not need to opt out of targeted advertising again if you visit from a different device or browser and are logged in. Email: