Hubbell Incorporated Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 8, 2019 Hubbell Incorporated, located at 40 Waterview Drive, Shelton, Connecticut 06484, and its divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of the information that you submit to us and that we collect from you through our Website and Mobile Apps. By visiting the Websites, or by downloading or using our Mobile Apps, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. As Hubbell Incorporated is a U.S.-headquartered company, your Personal Information will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By submitting your Personal Information, you consent to transfer and processing. Whenever we use the words "we" or "us" or "Hubbell Incorporated," we are referring to Hubbell Incorporated and its divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates. Whenever we use the words "our Websites," we are referring to www.hubbell.com and all websites of Hubbell Incorporated and its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable. The mobile applications that are covered by this Privacy Policy include all mobile applications of Hubbell Incorporated and its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable (collectively “Mobile Apps”). This Privacy Policy is subject to revision and changes, which will be noted here. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use . All defined terms in the Privacy Policy have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Use unless otherwise noted. Personal Information For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” is information about you that is linked to you as an individual, such as your name, postal address, email address, phone number, credit card number and expiration date, as well as other non-public information that is associated with that information. Personal Information does not include technical information, such as unique device identifiers, randomly assigned unique identifiers in cookies, mobile device name, timestamp, or IP addresses. Collection, Storage, and Use in the United States Our Websites and Mobile Apps are operated from within the United States, and by submitting your Personal Information to us, either through our Websites, Mobile Apps, or by other means, you are agreeing to the collection, usage, and storage of your Personal Information in the United States as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Please note that your Personal Information may be used by us in the country where it was collected, as well as in the United States, where laws regarding the use of Personal Information may be less strict than the laws in your country. How We Collect Personal Information We collect Personal Information to better tailor the features, performance and support of our products, services, Websites, and Mobile Apps, and to offer you additional information about our products and services.We collect Personal Information as follows: When you voluntarily provide it to us When you register and set up an account When you sign up to receive emails or other communications When you make purchases When you participate in surveys, studies, or market research initiatives When you communicate with us When you consent to receive text messages, we collect your mobile telephone number, in order to send you the text messages When you contact us offline or submit information to us offline When you visit or otherwise interact with our Websites When you download or use our Mobile Apps By obtaining it from publicly available sources By purchasing or otherwise obtaining it from third parties How We Use Personal Information Hubbell Incorporated may use the Personal Information we collect to: communicate with you and respond to your requests; provide, operate, develop, improve, maintain, and protect our programs, products, services and content; conduct analysis of usage trends; conduct voluntary surveys, studies, or market research initiatives in order to gather feedback about the Websites and Mobile Apps as well as opinions on important issues. When participating in a Hubbell Incorporated survey, study, or market research initiative, we may ask you to submit Personal Information. Such Personal Information is not used for sales solicitations and will not be shared with third parties without your consent or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy; support the safety and security of our services; authenticate users and to prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity; personalize and target content, including ads; enforce our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement and other rules about your use of the Websites and Mobile Apps; protect Hubbell Incorporated’s rights or property and/or the rights of others; comply with laws or regulations, court orders or other legal process; create De-identified Information. We may create “De-identified Information” from Personal Information by excluding data (such as your name or email address) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. There are no restrictions to the way Hubbell Incorporated can use or share De-identified Information. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Information Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties.We disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes: Providing Services to You, Fulfilling Orders, and Maintaining Systems. We may share information about you with third parties who perform services on our behalf, who provide content through our Services, and with others to enable services and functionality and to perform maintenance and improve the services. When you purchase a product or a service from us, we will share select Personal Information, such as your shipping address and billing address, with third-party fulfillment companies in the United States, in order to deliver the product or service to you. We may also share your Personal Information with third-party service providers in the United States that provide advertising and marketing services for us, including distribution of postal mail, electronic alerts, email and mobile text messages to our customers and potential customers. We require these third-party service providers to refrain from using your Personal Information, except to provide the services requested by us. To opt-out of being included in information that Hubbell Incorporated provides to third parties for advertising and marketing purposes, please see the How You Can Stop Receiving Marketing Communications section of this Privacy Policy. We also hire vendors that work on our systems that may have access to your Personal Information in the course of performing their duties. We require those vendors to keep your Personal Information confidential and not to use it for their own purposes. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Information with our third-party service providers and vendors. Sharing with Affiliates. We reserve the right to share some or all of your Personal Information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, and other companies under our common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Compliance with Laws and Protection of Rights. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information, we may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with laws or regulations court orders, subpoenas or other legal process; or (b) protect and defend our rights or property, or the rights or safety of third parties, or to enforce our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy. Acquisition, Sale, or Reorganization. We may also use and disclose Personal Information in connection with a contemplated reorganization or an actual reorganization of our business, in connection with financing, a sale or other transaction involving the disposal of all or part of our business or assets, including for the purpose of permitting the due diligence required to decide whether to proceed with a transaction. If the sale occurs, the purchaser will be entitled to use and disclose the Personal Information collected by us, and the purchaser will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Advertising Interest-Based Advertising . We may use "interest-based" advertisements also known as "online behavioral advertising." Online behavioral advertising is advertising that is directed to you based, at least in part, on your Internet browsing behavior across websites and over time.Although we do not share Personal Information with the third parties that conduct interest-based advertising operations on our behalf, these third parties and their affiliates do collect certain information as a result of their javascript "tags" and other technologies being used on our Websites. The information that they collect includes the names of web pages you view (URL's), unique identifiers, your IP address, timestamp, and certain types of technical information. A longer list of some of the technologies used for advertising and other purposes on our Websites and in our Mobile Apps are listed under the "Technologies Used" section. Third Parties May Collect Personal Information from Other Sources . Some third parties involved in advertising operations may maintain their own proprietary consumer databases that allow them to personally identify or track website visitors. Other third parties have proprietary technologies to determine what additional devices you may use, on which it can display relevant advertisements. Do-Not-Track. Do-Not-Track is a public-private initiative that has developed a “flag” or signal that an Internet user may activate in the user’s browser software to notify websites that the user does not wish to be “tracked” by third-parties as defined by the initiative. The online community has not agreed on what actions, if any, should be taken by the websites that receive the “do-not-track” signal, and therefore Do-Not-Track is not yet standardized. Our website does not alter its behavior or change its services when it receives a “do-not-track” flag or signal from your browser. Your Privacy and Ad Choices. You can make decisions about your privacy and the ads you receive. You can control whether companies serve you on-line behavioral advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance website and using its opt-out: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . The DAA opt-out requires that cookies not be blocked in your browser. As an alternative to the DAA opt–out, you can also elect to block browser cookies from first parties (such as those from our website) and browser cookies from third parties (such as advertisers) by using the cookie blocking options built into your browser software. If you block browser cookies, some parts of our website may not function correctly. Also, blocking cookies will not stop third-parties from collecting IP address, data stored in "Flash" cookies, and certain other types of technical information that may uniquely identify your browser. Technologies Used Third parties, widgets, and hosted solutions that we may use on our website may use the following technologies for features, services, advertising, or analytics: Browser cookies. Browser cookies are small pieces data placed on your computer as you navigate websites with your browser. Browser cookies allow websites and various third-parties to distinguish your device from others by having the cookie consist of a unique identifier or other data. Cookies can have many uses, such as to target advertising as well as to enable website functionality and for security. We use both session cookies (which expire after you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them).Persistent cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. (Each browser is different, so check the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use Hubbell Incorporated products or services that require you to "sign in", and some areas of our website may not work properly, and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. Local shared objects. Local shared objects (such as "Flash" cookies) are associated with non-Browser software like Flash Player. Local shared objects can be used like cookies to distinguish your device from others but will not be deleted or blocked using browser cookie controls. You can visit adobe.com for guidance on how to delete and block Flash cookies. HTML5 local storage . HTML5 local storage is another way that browsers can distinguish your device from others as well as remember data that may be important for the functioning of the website. Typically HTML5 local storage is only deleted if all Internet history, cache, and cookies are deleted. You should check your browser software for how to delete HTML5 local storage in your particular case. Web beacons. Web beacons are image files that are used by third-party advertisers, analytics companies, and others. Web beacons are embedded in web pages you visit and cause your browser to share its IP address with the third-party source of the beacon, together with any cookies associated with that third-party. Web beacons can be used with or without cookies. Blocking cookies will not stop your IP address from being shared through the use of beacons. E-tags. E-tags are used to prevent duplicative downloading of content to your browser, which can enhance browser performance. E-tags use unique identifiers for content that can also be used to distinguish your browser in certain instances from others. Typically e-tags are only deleted if all Internet history, cache, and cookies are deleted. You should check your browser software for how to delete e-tags in your particular case. Log files, IP addresses and information about your computer and mobile device . Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit the Websites, we may automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave one of our Websites. We also receive the Internet protocol (“IP”) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system, type of web browser you are using, email patterns, information regarding your mobile device (including UDID) and mobile operating system (if you are accessing the Websites using a mobile device), as well as the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. We may also receive location data passed to us from third-party services or GPS-enabled devices that you have enabled. Also, as described in this Privacy Policy, we may receive information when you access Third-Party Sites through the Service. We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g.how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link . You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link . Our Mobile Apps may use the following technologies for features, services, advertising, or analytics: Collection of device identifiers, such as Android ID and MAC address Collection of geolocation, including precise geolocation Device name Collection of platform specific identifiers such as Apple's Identifier for Advertising and Identifier for Vendor, and Android ID or Android's advertising identifier Collection of carrier-related information including the name of your wireless carrier, and IDs related to the cell phone hardware in your phone as well as the network to which the device is connected IP address Mobile phone number App-specific and instance-specific identifiers Other technologies . Our Websites and Mobile Apps may occasionally use other technologies both for purposes of advertising as well as for features, analytics, and services. Social Network Widgets Our Websites or Mobile Apps may include social network sharing widgets that may provide information to their associated social networks or third parties about your interactions with our web pages that you visit, even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget. Information is transmitted from your browser and may include an identifier assigned by the social network or third party, information about your browser type, operating system, device type, IP address, and the URL of the web page where widget appears. If you use social network tools or visit social networking sites, you should read their privacy disclosures, to learn what information they collect, use, and share. How You Can Stop Receiving Marketing Communications We respect your communication preferences, and you may opt-out of receiving certain communications for marketing purposes sent by Hubbell Incorporated or sent by third parties on behalf of Hubbell Incorporated. When you receive sales flyers, advertisements, direct mail, and other promotional communications from us, including e-mail, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the email you receive, or by contacting us directly using the Contact Us Form .Once you have submitted your email address to "unsubscribe," please note that you may continue to receive emails for a time while our system updates your request. On our Websites and certain of our Mobile Apps, you may change any of your Personal Information by logging into your account and editing your information. Regardless of recorded opt-out preferences, Hubbell Incorporated reserves the right to send emails or other communications for administrative or transactional purposes, including, but not limited to, communications related to the maintenance of your account and software or product updates. Information from Children Under 13 This website is not intentionally designed for or directed at children under 13 years of age. We do not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under 13 years of age. Please contact Hubbell Incorporated using this Contact Us Form if you think we may have inadvertently collected such information, and we will attempt to delete the information. Links to Other Websites Our Websites or Mobile Apps may provide a link or otherwise provide access to another website, mobile application, or Internet location (collectively “Third-Party Sites”). We provide these links merely for your convenience, and we do not endorse Third-Party Sites, their contents, or any goods or services available through the Third-Party Sites. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for Third-Party Sites, their content, or any goods or services available through the Third-Party Sites. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to Third-Party Sites, and any information you provide to Third-Party Sites, you provide at your own risk. Any information you share with Third-Party Sites through the Service may be collected by Hubbell Incorporated. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Security We implement technical, administrative, and organizational safeguards to prevent access to your Personal Information by unauthorized persons. You should know, however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of Personal Information. Google Drive™ API The iDevices Connected App on the Google Play store uses the Google Drive API to enable user customization of the app with the user’s own custom images for their home and devices. The user grants iDevices the right to store custom images they uploaded with the Connected App to their Google Drive account. Then access it for display on app render. At no time does iDevices share or use the user’s data for any other purpose. Your California Privacy Rights Under Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes, and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To exercise your rights, you may make one request each year by contacting us using the Contact Us Form with a "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line or in the body of your message.Be sure to provide in the request sufficient information to properly identify you and/or the members of your family. How You Can Reach Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or to opt-out of receiving information as permitted under this Privacy Policy, please contact us using our Contact Us Form or by writing to use at: Hubbell Incorporated 40 Waterview Drive Shelton, CT 06484-1000 Attn: Hubbell Website How to Request Access to, or the Correction of, Your Personal Information Except in limited circumstances governed by law, you may obtain access to and have your Personal Information in our records corrected. A request for access or correction must be made using our Contact Us Form or by writing to us at: Hubbell Incorporated 40 Waterview Drive Shelton, CT 06484-1000 Attn: Hubbell Website Stay Connected I agree to the terms of Hubbell’s privacy policy and for my personal data to be processed to be contacted by Hubbell. iDevices Products Experience Company Support © 2023 iDevices, LLC. All Rights Reserved. iDevices and Sweetblue are trademarks owned by iDevices, LLC. Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by iDevices, LLC is under license. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF SALE iDevices is a proud member of the Hubbell family.Privacy Policy Hubbell values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors. While operating our business and interacting with you, we may collect, use, and share personal information. We do so to improve our digital offerings and connected experiences, to process and fulfill your online orders, to protect the rights and information of our customers, visitors, and our company, and for the other purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us via the channels listed below. About this Policy This Privacy Policy (“ Privacy Policy ”) provides you with information about how Hubbell Incorporated together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, " Hubbell ," " we ," " us " or " our ") collect, use, and share personal information, and describes choices and rights available regarding your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we process in association with your interactions with us, including, but not limited to: Use of our Websites and online storeUse of our mobile applications and online design toolsSocial media interactions on our Websites or other third-party sites such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTubeDigital advertisementsParticipation at events or tradeshowsContests and PromotionsPhone and email communications Personal Information For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “ Personal Information ” is information that identifies, or can reasonably be linked to, a natural person, such as your name, postal address, email address, phone number, credit card number and IP addresses. Information We Collect We collect various types of Personal Information about you from several sources, including information you provide to us, information we automatically collect through our digital properties, information we obtain from other sources (specified below) and information we derive or infer about you. Information You Provide : We collect and store information you voluntarily provide through our digital properties and other interactions which may include: NamePostal addressEmail addressPhone numberCredit or debit card number and other payment informationDemographic, professional and lifestyle informationPreferences, interests, and other characteristicsPurchasing history and reviewsGeolocation dataDriver's license number (for example, if you return a product) Information We Collect by Automated Means : We collect the following information via our digital properties and automated tools, including our Websites, mobile applications, cookies, and other technologies: IP AddressDevice ID (such as Android ID and MAC Address)Apple Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) / Android Advertising ID (AAID)Device or Browser TypeOnline activities such as your browsing behavior while on our Website Information We Collect from Other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records and identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. Information We Generate or Derive : We may generate or derive some information about you based on other information we collect. For instance, we may analyze your information and infer your shopping preferences to provide tailored recommendations to you. How We Collect Information We may collect information in the following ways: When you visit or otherwise interact with our WebsiteWhen you register and set up an account on our WebsiteWhen you sign up to receive emails or other communicationsWhen you make online purchasesWhen you participate in surveys, studies, or market research initiativesWhen you communicate with usWhen you consent to receive text messagesWhen you contact us offline or submit information to us offlineWhen you download or use our mobile applications When you participate in our social media platformsBy obtaining it from publicly available sourcesBy purchasing or otherwise obtaining it from third partiesBy using digital tracking technology (see “Our Tracking Technologies” section below) Our Tracking Technologies We collect Personal Information and other information using digital tracking tools when you use our websites or mobile applications, interact with our emails or applications provided on connected devices, or otherwise engage with our digital offerings. We may also partner with third parties that collect information this way. These third parties may place similar tracking tools on our Websites, applications, and advertising to facilitate tracking, advertising, and measurement services. The tools that we, our vendors, and third parties may use include: Browser and Flash Cookies : Browser cookies are small pieces data placed on your computer as you navigate websites with your browser. Browser cookies allow websites and various third parties to distinguish your device from others by having the cookie consist of a unique identifier or other data.Cookies can have many uses, such as to target advertising as well as to enable website functionality and for security. We use both session cookies (which expire after you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. (Each browser is different, so check the "help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use Hubbell products or services that require you to "sign in", and some areas of our Website may not work properly, and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. You can adjust your cookie preferences by clicking here . Essential and functional cookies cannot be disabled. Flash Cookies : Local shared objects (such as "Flash" cookies) are associated with non-Browser software like Flash Player. Local shared objects can be used like cookies to distinguish your device from others but will not be deleted or blocked using browser cookie controls. You can visit Adobe.com for guidance on how to delete and block Flash cookies. Web Beacons & Pixels : Web beacons and Pixels are electronic image files that are used by third-party advertisers, analytics companies, and others to collect information about how users interact with content. This technology is embedded in web pages you visit and cause your browser to share its IP address with the third-party source of the beacon, together with any cookies associated with that third-party. They allow us to count visitors to our webpages, evaluate the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or recommend relevant products and services to you when you browse social media or other Websites. Blocking cookies will not stop your IP address from being shared through the use of beacons. Online Interest-Based Ads : We may use online "interest-based" advertisements also known as "online behavioral advertising." Online behavioral advertising is advertising that is directed to you based, at least in part, on your Internet browsing behavior across websites and over time. Although we do not share Personal Information with the third parties that conduct interest-based advertising operations on our behalf, these third parties and their affiliates do collect certain information from their javascript "tags" and other technologies being used on our Website. The information that they collect includes the names of web pages you view (URL's), unique identifiers, your IP address, timestamp, and certain types of technical information. E-tags : E-tags are used to prevent duplicative downloading of content to your browser, which can enhance browser performance. E-tags use unique identifiers for content that can also be used to distinguish your browser in certain instances from others. Typically, e-tags are only deleted if all Internet history, cache, and cookies are deleted. You should check your browser software for how to delete e-tags in your particular case. Mobile Applications : Software in our mobile and other connected-device applications collects information about how you interact with the digital services. How We Use Your Information We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes: Provide, operate, develop, improve, maintain, and protect our Websites, applications, products, services and contentCustomize your digital experiencePersonalize digital contentDeliver marketing communications and advertising.Confirm, track, and fulfill orders for products or servicesCommunicate with you regarding your requestsProcess refunds, returns, and exchangesConduct market research and analysis of usage trendsPrevent and identify fraud and other illegal activity Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, contractual obligations (including our contractual obligations with you, such as Hubbell’s Terms of Use and this privacy Policy), relevant industry standards, and our policiesEnforce our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and other rules about your use of the Websites and mobile applicationsProtect Hubbell Incorporated’s rights or property and/or the rights of othersComply with laws or regulations, court orders or other legal process How We Protect Information We maintain technical and organizational safeguards designed and intended to protect Personal Information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Despite these safeguards, due to inherent uncertainty in the use of the internet and information systems and the potential for unlawful attacks by third parties, we cannot guarantee that the use of our systems, websites or applications will be completely safe or secure. Personal Information we collect and use may be transferred, stored and accessed globally to support our operations.We retain Personal Information for as long as it is needed or useful to provide and improve our products and services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. How We May Share Information We may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated entities (companies outside Hubbell) with your proper implied or express consent in the following instances: To Conduct Business with Service Providers and Other Partners : We may disclose your Personal Information to companies that provide various services to us in areas, such as installation, repair, warranty, order processing and fulfillment, information technology, marketing, customer service, data analytics, research and enhancement, fraud prevention, legal, compliance and risk management. These companies may need access to Personal Information about you in order to perform their functions but are generally not authorized to use the Personal Information we disclose to them for any other purpose. In limited cases, we may disclose Personal Information about you to a third party who may also use the Personal Information for their own specific purposes. For instance, we may provide your information to a partner who is jointly providing or promoting a product or service to you or with a social media or online advertising company to serve tailored commercial information to you. To Comply with Law Enforcement or Court Order : We may disclose Personal Information about you (1) if we believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (2) as we deem appropriate or necessary in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities or tax authorities; (3) when we believe disclosure is appropriate or necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Hubbell, our customers or others, including to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss or to collect debt you owe; or (4) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. To Sell, Transfer or Reorganize Our Business : We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including, without limitation, in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation). Your Choices & Preferences Website Account : When you register for an account on our Website, you are asked for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and a username and password that you select. You may also provide information regarding your interests and project lists. Registered users can update their Personal Information by logging into the “Account” section of our Website. To delete your account, please contact us directly using the Contact Us Form. Cookies : You can adjust your cookie preferences by clicking here . Essential and functional cookies cannot be disabled nor can the tool be used to block cookies on third-party websites linked from our website. Online Interest-Based Ads : You can control whether companies serve you online behavioral advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance (“ DAA ”) website and using its opt-out: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. The DAA opt-out requires that cookies not be blocked in your browser. As an alternative to the DAA opt–out, you can also elect to block browser cookies from first parties (such as those from our Website) and browser cookies from third parties (such as advertisers) by using the cookie blocking options built into your browser. If you block browser cookies, some parts of our Website may not function correctly. Also, blocking cookies will not stop third parties from collecting IP address, data stored in "Flash" cookies, and certain other types of technical information that may uniquely identify your browser. Website Analytics Services : We use certain analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to gather information about our Website visits or mobile application usage. To learn more about Google Analytics, including opting out of Google Analytics, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Mobile Devices : Text Messages. To stop receiving marketing text messages from us, please reply STOP to the marketing message. Push Notifications. To opt-out of our push notifications, please adjust the settings and permissions on your mobile device. Applications. You may uninstall our applications at any time by following the uninstallation process on your mobile device. Email : To stop receiving advertisements and other promotional communications from us via e-mail, you may "opt-out" by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the email you receive, or by. Once you have submitted your email address to "unsubscribe," please note that you may continue to receive emails for a time while our system updates your request.To provide products and services, we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or service request, responding to customer service inquiries, asking you to review a product or service you have ordered, or notifying you of product recalls or rebates. How to Exercise Your Rights Requests In accordance with applicable law, you may request to exercise your privacy rights, including the right to access or delete your personal information. Even if we are not legally required to do so, we strive to comply with reasonable rights requests. For your security and privacy, we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling certain rights requests. To exercise your privacy right to access or delete your Personal Information or learn more about the processing of your Personal Information, please contact us directly using the Contact Us Form . California Residents Under Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes, and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To exercise your rights, you may make one request each year by contacting us using the below with a "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line or in the body of your message. Be sure to provide in the request sufficient information to properly identify you and/or the members of your family. The California Consumer Privacy Act ( “CCPA” ) provides California residents with the following privacy rights: Right to Know : Consumers have a right to request information about the Personal Information that we collect, use, share, and sell. Right to Delete : Consumers have a right to request the deletion of Personal Information that we have collected from them, though we may be permitted to retain personal information for certain purposes. Right to Opt-out of Sales : We do not share your information with third parties in exchange for money. We do share your information with third parties to enhance your digital experiences with us, to improve our ability to serve you, and to keep you aware of our products, services, and offers. California law may treat some of such disclosures as sales, and consumers have a right to direct us not to sell their Personal Information. If you are a California resident, or an authorized agent acting on behalf of a California resident, and would like to exercise one of these rights, please contact us directly using the Contact Us Form . Other Important Considerations Social Media Widgets : Our online services may include social media features (e.g., a Facebook “Like" button). These features are connected to third parties and may allow such third parties to collect certain information, such as your IP address and which pages you visit on our Websites. These social media features are not operated by Hubbell. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the company providing the service or features. Third-Party Sites : Our Websites may link to other websites for your convenience and information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any third-party website that we do not control and that does not point to this Privacy Policy. Do Not Track : Do-Not-Track is a public-private initiative that has developed a “flag” or signal that an Internet user may activate in the user’s browser software to notify websites that the user does not wish to be “tracked” by third parties as defined by the initiative. The online community has not agreed on what actions, if any, should be taken by the websites that receive the “do-not-track” signal, and therefore Do-Not-Track is not yet standardized. Our website does not alter its behavior or change its services when it receives a “do-not-track” flag or signal from your browser. Protecting Children’s Privacy This website is not intentionally designed for or directed at children under 13 years of age. We do not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under 13 years of age. Please contact Hubbell using this Contact Us Form if you think we may have inadvertently collected such information, and we will attempt to delete the information. Privacy Policy Updates This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices or relevant laws. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting an updated copy on our Website. It is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy for updates and changes. The “Last Updated” legend below indicates when our Privacy Policy was last changed.Your continued use after we post changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. Contact Us If you have additional questions regarding this Privacy Policy or have questions about how to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us using our Contact Us Form or by writing to us at: Hubbell Incorporated Attn: Legal Department 40 Waterview Drive Shelton, CT 06484-1000 Last updated: January 6, 2022 CUSTOMER SUPPORT OUR COMPANY GET IN TOUCH Hubbell Incorporated40 Waterview DriveShelton, ConnecticutUSA 06484-1000 Policy of Use Select 2 to 4 Products to Compare Compare We Care About Your Privacy We use cookies and local storage for the best experience on our website, including to personalize content and ads, to enhance site navigation and to analyze site usage. For more information on the types of cookies we use or to adjust your preferences, click “Cookies Settings”. By clicking “Accept All Cookies” you agree to our use of cookies and local storage. Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting CookiesSocial Media Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information on how we process your personal data please see our Privacy Policy. View our Privacy Policy. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label