ABOUT NIELSEN MEASUREMENT Television and the way we watch it have come a long way since Nielsen began measuring TV audiences in 1950. Today, the ability to watch programs at any time and on multiple devices amplifies the need for exceptionally adept and flexible audience measurement capabilities. Consumers are changing with the times, and the same goes for Nielsen. As technology continues to evolve and media companies try new ways to attract viewers, understanding what consumers are watching — and what they’re watching on — is more important than ever. Today, viewing video is a personal and mobile experience — anytime and anywhere. Our capabilities provide relevant metrics that are necessary to inform successful marketing and programming and drive continued growth. As a global information and measurement leader, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the data we collect, process and use. While our digital measurement products are not used to identify you in any way, they help us and our clients measure and analyze how consumers engage with media across online, mobile and emerging technologies, and offer insights into consumer behavior. Nielsen believes that you should have a choice about whether to contribute to our research and insights. To opt out of Nielsen measurement on this device, you need only to deactivate/activate “App Tracking/Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), activate the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) option in your device's settings or deactivate the "Personalized Ads" setting in your Google account. If you have this app on more than one mobile device, you will need to change the settings on each device. If, after you have opted out, you change your mind and would like to opt back in, please activate/deactivate the “App Tracking/ Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), deactivate the "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device's settings or activate the "Personalized Ads" setting in your Google account. To learn more about our digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them, please visit our Digital Privacy page.Opt-Out Nielsen does not use cookies to collect online data in all of our measurement products and services. Where we do use cookies to measure viewing of online advertising and/or content, we rely on Nielsen’s measurement cookie (IMRID). By opting out here, Nielsen will no longer collect unique data from your device via Nielsen’s measurement cookie. This is a browser level opt out, therefore, if you use more than one browser you will need to opt out on each browser. If you use the same browser on multiple devices, you will also need to opt out on each device. When you opt out, Nielsen’s measurement cookie will be replaced by a generic OPT_OUT cookie which prevents us from collecting unique data from your device. Please Note: If you use cookie-blocking technology on your browser you are opted out already. If you delete your cookies you will need to opt out again. Your current status is: Opting Out If you wish to opt out, please click here. Your current status is: Opting Out If you wish to opt out, please click here. Your current status is: Opting In If you wish to opt in, please click here.