Privacy Policy Statement This is the web site of Indigo Domotics , owned by Perceptive Automation, LLC. Our postal address is: 945 McKinney St #12512 Houston, TX 77002 We can be reached via our contact form . Common Sense Version We believe being able to contact our users is a privilege, and it is not one we will abuse. We will not sell your email address to others and will email you, at most, a few times a year. If you wish to be removed from our email database then send us a request via our contact form . We will promptly respond with a personal confirmation email. Customers may also manage most of their information from their Indigo Account . Lawyer Version For each visitor to any of our web pages, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's IP address and domain name, but not the email address (where possible). We collect only the IP address and domain name of visitors to our web pages, the email addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, the email addresses of those who make postings to our chat or forum areas, the email addresses of those that register for free trial licenses, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web pages, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the website. We may share data with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We use web browser cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please send us a request via our contact form for prompt removal. Every bulk email that we send will also contain a link to unsubscribe from marketing emails. If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please send us a request via our contact form for prompt removal. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by sending us a request via our contact form or via their Indigo Account . Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, transaction information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us a request via our contact form .Most customer information is available to directly edit by the customer in their Indigo Account or, in the case of financial information, using links to our payment processor's hosted payment management pages. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We fully comply with the May 2018 European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requirements concerning data collection and privacy. We utilize the services of some 3rd party companies to process your payment information and to manage our email campaigns. We have ensured that these companies also comply fully with the GDPR requirements. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address. © 2023 Perceptive Automation, LLC. · Privacy