Privacy Notice For California Residents Effective date: June 24, 2022Last Reviewed on: June 24, 2022 This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). Insteon Technologies LLC (“Insteon”) adopts this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. By visiting www.insteon.com or forum.insteon.com (the "Websites") or by using an Insteon mobile app (the “Apps”), you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and this Privacy Notice. To exercise your rights to for data access, data deletion, or opt-out under the CCPA, you can email support@insteon.com . Personal Information We Collect and Share Our Websites and Apps collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. The table below summarizes the various categories of personal information we may have collected from consumers and whether we have shared and/or sold this information within the last twelve (12) months: Identifiers Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers Yes Yes No Personal information described in California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e) Your name, driver's license, social security number, user name and password, health/medical information, signature, physical description, payment card number and/or other financial information Yes Yes No Commercial information Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies Yes 1,2 Yes No Internet/electronic activity Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a California resident's interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement Yes Yes No Geolocation Physical location or movements, latitude & longitude Yes 1,2 Yes No Inferences from the foregoing Yes 1,2 No No Sources of information collected: Information provided by you Information collected automatically by your interactions with our Websites Information received from other parties Note: Personal Information does not include "publicly available information" as defined in the CCPA. Use of Personal Information We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for the reasons indicated in our Privacy Policy . Sales of Personal Information In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold personal information. Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us as indicated in the next section (Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights). Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by contacting us. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. Exercising Access, Data Portability, And Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by one of the methods indicated below. Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. To exercise your rights to for data access, data deletion, or opt-out under the CCPA, you can email support@insteon.com . Please note that we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing And Format We do our best to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 10 business days of its receipt; CCPA regulations permit up to forty-five (45) days. If we require more time (up to 45 additional days are permitted), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reason(s) we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email support@insteon.com . Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post the updated notice on the Websites and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Websites following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information as described above and in our Privacy Policy, or your choices and rights under CCPA regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at support@insteon.com . Sign up for the latest and greatest news from Insteon. Sign Up Insteon Technologies, 4790 Irvine Boulevard, Suite 105-665, Irvine, CA, 92620, United States 866.243.8022 Copyright ©2023 Insteon®. All rights reserved.4790 Irvine Blvd. Suite 105-665, Irvine, CA 92620Privacy Policy Insteon Technologies LLC (“Insteon”) is committed to respecting the privacy of our users and protecting your information. We strive to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of information provided to us. This Privacy Policy describes our policies and practices with respect to your personal information. By visiting www.insteon.com or forum.insteon.com (the “Websites”), or when you create an account using an Insteon mobile app (the "Apps"), you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Information we collect In order to provide you with the best experience with our products and services, we collect various types of information, including both Personal Information and non-personal information. Personal Information is any information that can be used to identify you or link back to you.Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Information you provide to us We collect personal information you knowingly provide to us. For instance, when you register for an account on any of our Websites or Apps (an "Insteon Account"), shop on the Websites or respond to a survey, you may provide to us your name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card or other payment information. When you shop on our Websites we collect the information about the products you purchase from us. When you interact with our customer service or technical support teams, you may also provide additional information about the way you are using specific products or the way your network is configured. When you use our Apps, you may also provide names for homes, products, rooms, etc., and you may customize alert messages that you want us to send you. Depending on how you name these items and the text you provide, the information may be considered personal or not. If you post any comments or content on our Websites, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to provide there may be read, collected, or used by third parties. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit and we cannot guarantee that third parties have not made copies of or will not use such information in any way. It is not mandatory to provide any of the personal information described above, but if you choose not to provide it we may not be able to effectively provide you with our products or services, and you may not be able to use portions of our Websites or Apps. If you provide us with your personally identifiable information, you will be deemed to have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. Information collected automatically When you use our Websites or Apps, we automatically collect Operational Data and Usage Data. Operational Data is information that is needed to provide you with Website and App functionality, and includes such information as your IP address and your login information. Operational data also includes information you provide to us to accept, process, and fulfill your orders for products and services, and it includes information you provide in our Apps to configure your products. Additionally, Operational Data includes device telemetry that some products send us for system monitoring and to let us notify you, such as telling you that a door was opened or motion was sensed. When you use our Apps, you may also enable location tracking to allow us to determine the location of your device(s) and mobile device(s), to support event scheduling and automations. Usage Data is information about how you interact with our Websites and Apps, such as click paths through our Websites, the operating system and device types you use to access our Websites and Apps, your IP address, and cookie information. Please see "Cookies and Other Tracking Devices" below for more information about browser cookies. Information received from other parties We may receive additional information about you from other parties. Any information received from third parties is handled and protected with at least as much care as information you provide directly to us or we collect automatically, and with any additional restrictions imposed by the provider of the information. Cookies and Other Tracking Devices Like many other commercial websites, the Websites utilize a standard technology called cookies. Cookies are small strings of text that websites can send to your browser. They cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or obtain your email address. Cookies help a website determine that a particular browser or user has previously visited the site. As a result, the cookie helps the site save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. We gather and store cookies for users who browse or use the Websites.Using cookies on the Websites provides benefits to you, such as allowing you to maintain your account login information between visits. Linking your Facebook account to your Insteon Forum account does require the use of cookies from Facebook. Linking your Facebook account to your Insteon Forum account is optional. In addition to the cookies the Websites use, we may use third parties to serve our advertisements on other websites and in serving our advertisements, these companies may also use cookies and other tracking devices to collect certain information about your visits to other websites. The use of cookies and other tracking devices allows us to measure site activity and to provide a better user experience. Most browsers can be set to prevent the use of cookies, to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is sent, or to reject all cookies. It may not be possible to utilize certain features of the Websites if you reject cookies. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies and how to manage their use. How Insteon Protects Your Information Insteon is committed to respecting the privacy of our users and protecting your information. We strive to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of information provided to us. Orders placed on our Websites are secure. Our Websites are equipped with industry standard data encryption technology that enables anyone using an HTTPS-compatible browser (such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, or Microsoft Edge) to send and receive data from our servers in encrypted form.We comply with Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards for protecting your payment information, and we require our web hosting and payment providers to be PCI-compliant.While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. You can help protect your information by creating a strong password to access your online account and by accessing your account only through a personal computer or device, as opposed to public computers or public means. How Insteon Uses Personal Information We may use your Personal Information for a variety of purposes, including without limitation in the following ways: To provide you with home control and automation services.To complete your purchase transactions and deliver products and services to you.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To personalize your Website and App experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.We use third-party service providers to serve ads and/or collect data on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Websites. Some of these service providers may collect information about your visits to our Websites, and your interaction with our products and services to tailor marketing messages on our Websites and other sites, or to trigger real time interaction, customize our Websites, or enhance your profile. Some of these service providers may be able to collect personal information that you share with our Websites via a web form automatically and prior to your pressing a submit button; and they may be able to use information from your visits to our Websites to send marketing messages to you in a way that may personally identify you. This information is collected through the use of a cookie, a JavaScript tag, and/or pixel, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. The information collected by these service providers may include your devices IP address, user agent, email addresses (where hashed or otherwise rendered pseudonymous), and other user and device level pseudonymous information. Please keep in mind that your browser settings may not permit you to control the technologies utilized by these third-party companies. If you would like more information about these practices, please click http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/ . Email We do not share your e-mail address with any third-party solicitors.When you place an order with us, you will receive confirmation e-mails and, in some cases, a follow-up e-mail asking to rate your experience.Your order information, including e-mail address, may be retained to provide safety or security notifications regarding a product you’ve ordered.We may use your e-mail address to notify you that your cart is abandoned before completing an order or of any updates or changes to your account, our privacy practices, or our terms of service. If you create an account using our Apps your email address is also your login username and primary point of contact.You may also receive email messages from us regarding your account, app and system updates.If you have opted-in to receive our email newsletter, you periodically get product, solution and sale alert emails from us. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mails or electronic notices from us, please refer to the "How to Opt-Out, Remove or Modify Information Provided to Us" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive electronic newsletters, you will not receive these electronic communications. Visitors who register or participate in other Website features such as marketing programs and "members-only" content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our electronic communications list and receive electronic communications from us.If you have subscribed to any forums and/or topics, you will receive emails from us when someone posts in the sections you've subscribed to. You may unsubscribe by clicking the Unsubscribe link on the associated topic. If you have an Insteon Forum account and have configured it to let other members email you (this is a setting in your forum Profile), you may receive email from other forum members. If you do not wish to receive email from other forum members, you can change this setting in your profile.If you have an Insteon Forum account, Forum administrators and/or moderators may contact you directly via email if they believe the content you are posting is inappropriate, generally offensive, or for other similar reasons. Anonymized data We may anonymize your Personal Information so that it can no longer identify you. We may also aggregate data in a way that prevents it from personally identifying you. We do not link personally identifiable information with aggregated user data. We use both personal data as well as anonymized data to monitor the performance of our servers and services, allowing us to proactively and reactively update our services to deliver a consistently high quality of service. For instance, we may use a combination of general traffic monitoring as well as IP addresses to determine if certain internet service providers or geographic regions have poorer performance and require specific performance enhancements. Information We Share We do not sell, license or otherwise disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your affirmative consent to such disclosure. We may use or disclose your personal information or communications to do things such as: comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; protect the rights or property of us, our agents, members, customers and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use; respond to emergencies; initiate, render, bill and collect for products and services; facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes, fees, or other obligations due to a local, state, or federal government requirement. Such information may also be used or transferred as a business asset as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of company assets, or in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership. We may share non-identifiable information or information aggregated/anonymized in a form that does not directly identify you for purposes such as conducting market or traffic flow analysis, and to produce or facilitate production by others of business and marketing reports to share with third parties. Sharing with third-party vendors We use various third-party vendors to deliver our services, such as hosting our Websites, handling payment processing and order fulfillment, and to deliver our online advertising. In these cases, Insteon acts as the data controller and the third-party vendors act as data processors. As our agents, these third-party vendors receive from us only the specific information required for them to perform specific services on our behalf, and they are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary and agreed to perform those specific services for us or to comply with applicable legal obligations. Insteon may share your personal data with third-party vendors, who use that data solely to provide various specific business functions on our behalf. Content delivery, including online advertisingCustomer support servicesE-commerce automationEmail marketing and email delivery servicesGDPR compliance servicesOrder fulfillmentPayment processingWebsite analyticsWebsite hosting Sharing with third-party developers When you grant another application access to your Insteon account via account linking, the linked application will have access to perform the following functions: control devices and scenesrequest and/or receive device statuscreate, edit, and delete account detailscreate, edit, and delete device configuration details Please note that the linked application may not take advantage of many of these capabilities.For instance, many linked applications may read your account configuration to understand the devices you have configured and use that to perform status and control operations for you but they might never make any configuration changes to your account. International Transfers Insteon Technologies LLC is based in the United States. If you are accessing or using our Websites or Apps or otherwise providing information to us, we may transfer your personal information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. For transfers of data to third parties, such transfers will be under the Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e., the standard contractual clauses), pursuant to Decision 2004/915/EC and 2010/87/EU. We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to support@insteon.com. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. How to Opt-Out, Remove or Modify Information Provided to Us To modify your e-mail subscriptions or notifications, please click on the "unsubscribe" or “update your preferences” link in the most recent email from us. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails or electronic notices already in production. Data Retention We keep the data we collect for the time necessary to fulfill our obligations to you, including order fulfillment, follow-up technical support (as needed), and the satisfaction of warranty obligations. Operational Data may be deleted or anonymized when you delete your Insteon Account, depending on whether the anonymized data is still relevant to us in aggregate as part of our continuous product improvement processes, or whether the Data is reasonably necessary to provide you with support for ordered products and services. In some cases, we may follow a longer data retention schedule if required or permitted by law. Your rights and choices We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us. Subject to local law, you can do this in the following ways: you can ask us for a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you;you can inform us of any changes to your Personal Information, or if you want us to correct any of the Personal Information we hold about you;in certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the Personal Information we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your Personal Information; andin certain situations, you can also ask us to send the Personal Information you have given us to a third party. Where we are using your Personal Information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover, where we process your Personal Information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your Personal Information. We rely on you to ensure that your Personal Information is complete, accurate and current. In many cases you can update your Personal Information through our Websites and Apps. You can also inform us of any changes to, or inaccuracies of, your Personal Information by contacting us via email at support@insteon.com. California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information, including the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit our CCPA Privacy Notice . Do Not Track Notice Insteon does not track its Website users over time and across third party websites or online services, and therefore, does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect any personal information from our site unless you directly provide it to us and we provide it to them. Third party links In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our Websites. These third party linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Websites and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Effective Date and Updates to this Policy This Privacy Policy was updated June 24, 2022 and is effective as of June 24, 2022. We may update the Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. When the policy is updated, the updated policy will be made available on the Websites for your convenience.. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by us. The Websites may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the privacy policies of other websites that collect your personal information. Contact Us For questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact our customer care via email at support@insteon.com. Sign up for the latest and greatest news from Insteon. Sign Up Insteon Technologies, 4790 Irvine Boulevard, Suite 105-665, Irvine, CA, 92620, United States 866.243.8022 Copyright ©2023 Insteon®. All rights reserved.4790 Irvine Blvd. Suite 105-665, Irvine, CA 92620