Privacy Policy Date of Last Revision: April 15, 2019 This privacy policy provides details about how your personal information is collected, secured, transferred, disclosed and used by us on this website. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. Personal information is any information that identifies you or would enable someone to contact you, which may include your name, email address, phone number and other non-public information that is associated with such information. It does not include aggregate information, anonymous information or any other non-personally identifiable information. Unless expressly set forth herein, this privacy policy also does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through any other means (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Summary and Contents The summary below provides the key concepts of the full Privacy Policy. If you have questions, please click the links to view the complete text below. Information We Collect: When you interact with us through this website, we may collect personal information and other information from you, including information you give us. Learn more Our Use of Your Information: We collect information only as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this privacy policy and we will only use this information as described in this privacy policy. Learn more Disclosure of Your Personal and Other Information: We do not sell your personal information. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your personal information with certain third parties without further notice to you, including in connection with business transfers, to affiliates, service providers, agents, consultants and related third parties, partners and resellers and to comply with legal requirements. Learn more Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information: Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information and allow you to access, correct, or request deletion of such information. Learn more Links from the Sites: Certain pages of this website may, from time to time, contain external links. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. Learn more Security: We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information provided via this website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Learn more Children: This website is not directed to persons under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files. Learn more International Use: We are headquartered in the United States of America. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, service providers, agents, consultants and related third parties, partners and resellers, or service providers elsewhere in the world. By providing us with personal information, you consent to this transfer. Learn more Our Contact Information: We have designated our Privacy Manager to oversee our compliance with applicable privacy laws. Questions and inquiries concerning your privacy may be directed by email to privacy@internet-census.org . Learn more Notification of Changes: In the event of any material modification by us to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as described below. Learn more Information We Collect When you interact with us through the website, we may collect personal information and other information from you, including: Information you give us. We collect personal information from you when you complete our online forms or contact us with inquiries or request to be added to a blocklist. This information may include contact information such as name, mailing address, email, phone number and company information. Information we get from your use of our website. When you interact with us through the website, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically.This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. We are the sole owner of information collected on the website (including any metadata). Our Use of Your Information We collect information only as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this privacy policy and we will only use this information as described in this privacy policy. If you provide personal information for a certain reason, we may use such personal information in connection with the reason for which it was provided. We may also use personal information to respond to requests, to add entities to blocklists, to help us improve the content and functionality of the website and to better understand our users and to improve the website. We may combine any or all of this data with other information we collect about you. Any bulk marketing communication we send you will contain instructions to “opt-out” of receiving future marketing communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, contact us as indicated below under “Our Contact Information.” You may also opt out as to whether your personal information is (i) to be disclosed to a third party other than as described herein or (ii) to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected (or subsequently authorized by you) by contacting us as indicated below under “Our Contact Information.” Disclosure of Your Personal and Other Information We do not sell your personal information. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your personal information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below: Business Transfers. As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal information may be part of the transferred assets or otherwise shared. Related Parties. We may also share your personal information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may share your information with others within your organization (including any affiliates or any other individuals designated as users on your account). Service Providers, Agents, Consultants and Third Parties. Occasionally, we enter into contracts with carefully selected third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing or maintaining databases, processing payment, fraud detection and deterrence or access to advertising assets), to assist us in our own marketing and advertising activities or to engage in co-marketing activities with us. Our contracts with such third parties prohibit them from using any of your personal information for any purpose beyond the purpose for which it was shared. Legal Requirements. We may disclose your personal when such disclosure is necessary or advisable, in our sole discretion, to conduct an investigation, respond to a third party or law enforcement subpoena or court order, bring legal action, prevent harm to others or pursue other relief when you or a third party are or may be: violating our terms and conditions of use; causing injury or other harm to, or otherwise violating our property or other legal rights, or those of other users or third parties; or violating federal, state, local, or other applicable law. This disclosure may include transferring information to the U.S. and outside the European Economic Area. We may also share aggregated and non-personal information with any third party, including the media and industry observers. For example, we may disclose security trends or the number of entities that have signed up for our blocklists. Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by contacting us at privacy@internet-census.org . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.Please be aware that even after we have processed your request for such a change, we may retain certain residual information in the backup and/or archival copies of our database or as required to comply with our legal obligations or your blocklist request. Links from the Sites Certain pages of the website may, from time to time, contain external links. You should verify and validate any and all privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you not to provide personal information, without first assuring yourself of the privacy policies of such other websites. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY USE AND/OR MISUSE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU AT SUCH OTHER WEBSITES. Security We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information provided via the website from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Notwithstanding our efforts, we cannot guarantee absolute or unqualified protection of this information given the open nature and resulting instability of the Internet and World Wide Web, and we make no representations or warranties as to the effectiveness of our security and assume no liability for security breaches or any failure in the security of your computer equipment, your internet service provider or other networks and communications providers. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@internet-census.org . Children This website is not directed to persons under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without such parent or guardian’s consent, he or she should contact us. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files. International Use We are headquartered in the United States of America. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, service providers, agents, consultants and related third parties, partners and resellers, or service providers elsewhere in the world. By providing us with personal information, you consent to this transfer. We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this privacy policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored, however you explicitly acknowledge and consent to the fact that personal information stored or processed in the United States will be subject to the laws of the United States, including the ability of governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of the United States to obtain disclosure of your personal information. Our Contact Information We have designated our Privacy Manager to oversee our compliance with applicable privacy laws. Questions and inquiries concerning your privacy may be directed by email to privacy@internet-census.org . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your inquiries, questions or comments within five (5) business days of their receipt. Notification of Changes Your access to and use of the website is strictly conditioned upon your agreement with and consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended and/or updated from time to time at our sole discretion. In the event of any material modification by us to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email (sent to the email we have on file) or by means of a notice on the website prior to the change becoming effective and your continued access to the website will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy terms. If you object to any such changes, you may not continue to access or use the website. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Internet Census Group