Toggle Navigation Sign In My Intel ? English Select Your Language Toggle Search Search < Close Search Panel Advanced Search Using Intel.com Search You can easily search the entire Intel.com site in several ways. Brand Name: Core i9 Document Number: 123456 Code Name: Alder Lake Special Operators: “Ice Lake”, Ice AND Lake, Ice OR Lake, Ice* Quick Links You can also try the quick links below to see results for most popular searches. Recent Searches Advanced Search Find results with Show results from Only search in Title Description Content ID Intel Cookies Notice The browser version you are using is not recommended for this site.Please consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser by clicking one of the following links. LAST UPDATED: October 20, 2022 This Notice updates and supersedes previous versions . We may change this Notice at any time, effective when we make the updated Notice available via the Sites (as defined below). Our Sites use Cookies and Similar Technologies (as defined below) for various purposes, including to ensure that we give our visitors the best possible experience by providing you with personalized content, remembering your marketing preferences, and helping you to obtain the right information on our Sites. You can find out more about Cookies and Similar Technologies, how we use them as well as your rights to control our use of them below. You can manage your preferences in relation to Cookies and Similar Technologies used on our Sites by using the Manage Cookie Settings tool . What are Cookies? Cookies are small files—usually consisting of letters and numbers—placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device, when you use that device to visit a web site. Cookies are widely used by website owners to make their web sites operate, work more efficiently, and provide analytic information. Cookies may be placed on your device by Intel and third parties. We recommend using the Manage Cookie Setting tool to express your cookie choices. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies This Notice describes how Intel, our vendors, and other third parties on our behalf use Cookies and Similar Technologies (such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, JavaScript, and local storage) ("Cookies") in connection with communications sent by Intel or on our behalf and the websites (including mobile websites and apps) owned and controlled by Intel (the “Sites”). The Intel Privacy Notice will apply in addition to this Notice where we collect and use personal information through the Cookies. Listed below are the different categories of Cookies that Intel and vendors on our behalf may use on our Sites. Strictly Necessary Cookies. These technologies are necessary for the Intel experience to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. The technology is usually only set in response to actions made by the device owner which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging in, filling in forms, maintaining secure login areas, maintaining state across pages (remembering items in a shopping basket), and server load balancing. The device owner can set their preference to block or alert Intel about these technologies, but some parts of the Intel experience will not work. These technologies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Cookies. These technologies allow Intel to count device visits and traffic sources, so Intel can measure and improve the performance of our experiences. The technology helps Intel to know which experiences are the most and least popular and see how device owners interact with the experience. All information these technologies collect is aggregated. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then Intel will not know when the device owner visited or how the device owner interacted with our experiences. Functional Cookies .These technologies enable the Intel experience to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. The technology may be set by Intel or by third-party providers whose services Intel have added to our experiences. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then some or all of these services may not function properly for the device owner. Ad Targeting Cookies. These technologies may be set through our Intel experience or by our advertising partners. The technology may be used to build a profile of the device owner’s interests and show the device owner relevant advertisements on other experiences. The technology does not store directly personal information on the device, but the technology is based on uniquely identifying the device. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then the device owner will experience less targeted advertising. How Long do Cookies Stay on My Device? Some Cookies operate from the time you visit a Site until the end of that particular browsing session. These "session" Cookies expire and are automatically deleted when you close your Internet browser. Some Cookies stay on your device between browsing sessions—these "persistent" Cookies do not expire when you close your browser. The length of time a persistent Cookie stays on your device varies from Cookie to Cookie. How does Intel Provide Online and Mobile Advertising? We and our vendors, and our other third parties, engage in interest-based advertising to deliver advertisements and personalized content that we and other advertisers believe will be of interest to you. Third party vendors will be responsible for their own use of personal information collected through the Cookies. Advertisements may be delivered to you based on your online or mobile behavior (on Intel Sites and non-Intel sites), your search activity, your responses to one of our advertisements or communications, the pages you visit, your general geographic location, or other information. These ads may appear on our Sites or on third party websites. The vendors with whom we work to help us conduct interest-based advertising may be members of self-regulatory associations such as the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) . For Sites directed at persons located in the European Union, we may work with vendors who are members of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (eDAA) . You may also see advertisements for third parties on Intel Sites or other websites or properties, based on your visits to, and activities on, Intel Sites and other sites. See "How do I Manage Cookies?" below for information on how to opt out of advertising cookies. How do I Manage Cookies? You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies. One way you can do this is through your Internet browser’s settings. Most Internet browsers allow some control of Cookies through the browser settings. If you use your browser settings to block all Cookies you may not be able to access parts of our Sites. The following links take you to information on how to manage the Cookies settings on some popular browsers: You can manage your preferences in relation to Cookies and Similar Technologies served on our Sites using the Manage Cookie Settings tool . You can also use a browser plug-in such as Ghostery from Cliqz International GmbH to turn off Cookies. You can opt out of the use of Cookies to tailor content or advertising to you by visiting the links below. Note that if you choose to opt out, you won’t necessarily see fewer ads. However, the ads you see may be less relevant to your interests. What about Similar Tracking Technologies? Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. Intel may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Sites or opened a communication that we have sent them. This enables us to assess the effectiveness of communications. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning. How does Intel respond to privacy-preference signals? If you visit an Intel Site or service using a device with a United States IP address and a privacy-preference signal enabled (e.g., Do Not Track , Global Privacy Control ), Intel will not collect device information for the purpose of Ad Targeting uses. If you have more than one device, you will need to configure all devices with your privacy-preferences. For more information, you can visit the Ad Targeting category found in the Manage Cookie Setting tool and review your Ad Targeting and Sharing Choices. Privacy at Intel Intel is committed to privacy.For more information about Intel's approach to privacy see our Intel Privacy Notice and the Intel Code of Conduct . How to Contact Us If you have any questions about how Intel uses Cookies, you can contact us by using the Contact Us form or send a letter to the mailing address below. Please include your contact information, the name or hyperlink of the Intel Site or service, and a description of your Cookie request. Intel Corporation ATTN: Privacy M/S RNB4-145 2200 Mission College Blvd. Santa Clara, CA 95054 USA Privacy Notice Links Get Help © Intel Corporation Terms of Use *Trademarks Cookies Privacy Supply Chain Transparency Site Map Do Not Share My Personal Information Recycling Intel technologies may require enabled hardware, software or service activation. // No product or component can be absolutely secure. // Your costs and results may vary. // Performance varies by use, configuration and other factors. // See our complete legal Notices and Disclaimers . // Intel is committed to respecting human rights and avoiding complicity in human rights abuses. See Intel’s Global Human Rights Principles . Intel’s products and software are intended only to be used in applications that do not cause or contribute to a violation of an internationally recognized human right. Manage Cookies Settings Information We CollectStrictly Necessary CookiesAnalyticsFunctionalAd TargetingData TransferData Sharing Information We Collect Intel values your privacy. Our Sites use Cookies and Similar Technologies on this website to improve your online experience, to analyze site usage, and to show tailored advertising to you. This consent management tool will help you understand what information is being collected and give you control over how it is being used. Information Our Partners Collect Details of the vendors that we use to improve your overall web browsing experience are provided in the tool. They use Cookies and Similar Technologies to connect you with your social networks and tailor advertising to better match your interests. Your Choices You can manage your cookie settings by visiting the Analytics, Functional, and Ad Targeting tabs on the left. Intel Privacy Notice Intel Cookie Notice Strictly Necessary Cookies These technologies are necessary for the Intel experience to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. The technology is usually only set in response to actions made by the device owner which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging in, filling in forms, maintaining secure login areas, maintaining state across pages (remembering items in a shopping basket), and server load balancing. The device owner can set their preference to block or alert Intel about these technologies, but some parts of the Intel experience will not work. These technologies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Analytics Active These technologies allow Intel to count device visits and traffic sources, so Intel can measure and improve the performance of our experiences. The technology helps Intel to know which experiences are the most and least popular and see how device owners interact with the experience. All information these technologies collect is aggregated. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then Intel will not know when the device owner visited or how the device owner interacted with our experiences. Functional Functional Active These technologies enable the Intel experience to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. The technology may be set by Intel or by third-party providers whose services Intel have added to our experiences. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then some or all of these services may not function properly for the device owner. Ad Targeting and sharing choices Ad Targeting and sharing choices Active Inactive/Active Inactive means Intel will not collect and Share my device information for Ad Targeting uses. Active means Intel may collect and Share my device information for Ad Targeting uses.If you visit an Intel Site or service using a device with a United States IP address and a privacy-preference signal enabled (e.g., Do Not Track , Global Privacy Control ), Intel will not collect device information for the purpose of Ad Targeting uses.If you visit an Intel Site or service using a device with a United States IP address, you have not enabled a privacy-preference signal, and your Ad Targeting and Sharing Choices are set to Active, Intel may collect device information for the purpose of Ad Targeting uses.If you have more than one device, you will need to configure all devices with your privacy-preferences.These technologies may be set through our Intel experience or by our advertising partners. The technology may be used to build a profile of the device owner’s interests and show the device owner relevant advertisements on other experiences.The technology does not store directly personal information on the device, but the technology is based on uniquely identifying the device. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then the device owner will experience less targeted advertising. Data Transfer Data Transfer Inactive You consent to allowing Intel to transfer your personal information outside of China for processing based upon Intel's Privacy and Cookies notices as well as the Intel Privacy Notice Supplement for Users in China . Data Sharing Data Sharing Inactive You consent to Intel sharing your personal information with Intel's affiliates, Intel's partners, and Intel-authorized third-party personal information processors. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy and Your Information Intel’s business brings technology to businesses, consumers, and society in a way that makes amazing experiences possible but doesn’t come at the expense of your privacy. We believe in innovation and performance that supports your privacy rights and in technology designed with those rights in mind. This Privacy Notice describes how we use your personal information and respect your privacy rights. In particular, this Privacy Notice explains how our products, services and, technologies use your personal information. It applies to our use of personal information across our websites, products, online services, software, apps, tools, and other services and functionality we provide, both online and offline (collectively referred to as “ Intel® Services ”), unless a separate, or supplementary, privacy notice is offered. See here Candidate Notice , Intel® Active Management Technology Notice for additional information posted for specific Intel® Services. Additional Privacy Notices & Supplements The following privacy supplements, policies, notices, and statements are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Notice: • Privacy Notice Supplement for Users in the People’s Republic of China ( English , Simplified Chinese ) What Kinds of Information Do We Collect? Intel collects information as part of its business operations, to provide services, to respond to requests and offer customer support, to fulfill legal and contractual obligations and to build its innovative products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you order an Intel product, contact customer support, or register for an Intel event or publication. We also collect information through your interaction with Intel® Services and our website, for example, using embedded product technologies and cookies. We also obtain data from third parties. Expand the sections below to learn more. When you subscribe to a newsletter, create an account, make a purchase or request information from Intel, we will ask for things like contact, billing, shipping and communication information, payment card or financial account data, and account ID or credentials in order to fulfill your request. If you visit one of our stores or locations, attend a trade show or event, or otherwise contact us, you may also voluntarily provide similar information. Interactive features in some Intel® Services may allow you to invite friends, follow others, comment on or make unique posts, or share photos, video or other personal content. When you affirmatively share this content, we may collect and use it in accordance with this Notice. Additionally, by way of your social engagement, we may receive information about you from another user, such as when your friend posts content that includes you. From time to time we engage in research, analysis, historical and scientific studies either alone or with partners. As part of such efforts we invite individuals to participate and voluntarily share information through an informed consent process. When we receive personal information from a third party for the purpose of such research we undertake processes to validate that the personal information has been collected in a responsible and lawful manner. If you submit any personal information about other people to us or to our service providers, you are responsible for making sure that you have the authority to do so and to allow us to use their personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice (for example, by your asking for their consent). If you download and use certain Intel® Service like software or an app, we may track and collect usage data, such as when the software or app accesses our servers, what information and files have been downloaded through the use of the software or app, and how you interact with the software or app during use. Some of this data may be protected as personal information under applicable data protection laws. We collect this information to understand how you interact with Intel® Services and provide you the best experiences. We may also use this information for security purposes. We may associate the information we collect from more than one device that you use with other information that we have collected about you or your other devices. In addition, most computing devices include embedded technology like processing chips that collect information about how the device is operating. This information may include: · Type and version of operating system, hardware version, device settings, software types, battery and signal strength, screen resolution, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version. The name and version of any Intel® Services (such as the app) you are using is also collected. · Geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.· Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address. Access to this information by other applications and transmission of this information from the device to Intel or other service providers may be controlled by the operating system or other software running on the device. In some instances Intel technology is used within a product or device that may collect personal information, which is not shared with Intel. This information may be collected by the manufacturer of the product or device and you will need to read the privacy notice, privacy policy, or related terms published by that manufacturer to understand how they use your information. Some Intel® Services may allow you to use biometric information for identification or authentication or to take advantage of specific features. Biometric data may include your fingerprint, facial features, voice or similar unique physical characteristics. Intel® Services can also collect geographic location information, such as location inferred from your IP address or GPS, and information about how you engage with and use Intel® Services, for example where you have chosen to activate location-enabled services on the device with which you access these services. When Intel® Services use more sensitive categories of your personal information, such as biometrics for identification or authentication, or precise geographic location, Intel will honor the preferences you set in accompanying menus and settings. We collect information from and about a wide variety of technologies where Intel® Services are used. The kind of information collected depends on the technology, the use, and the device and personal settings. Examples of these technologies might include computers, phones and tablets, but also interactive wearables, connected technologies in the home, drones or other vehicles. Where we provide technology for drones and autonomous vehicles, these may capture audio, video and photographs that unintentionally or incidentally capture people, for example workers in a field or pedestrians crossing a street. Where appropriate, we use technical and organizational controls to prevent it from being used improperly, but this information is important to help improve algorithms for product functionality and safety, including features such as mapping topography, obstacles, traffic and the like. We obtain information through partners, vendors, suppliers and other third parties. The parties from whom we obtain information are typically corporate enterprises (although some may also be educational or public enterprises) and they may be located in any of the locations in which we do business. These enterprises largely fall into the following categories: Advertising and marketing companies, data set and information vendors, public database providers, social media platforms, partners, providers of products or services, hosts or vendors at events or trade shows, research partners, enterprises that deploy the Intel® Services or third party offerings that include Intel® Services. We take steps to confirm that information we receive from these third parties has been collected with your consent or that these parties are otherwise legally permitted to disclose your personal information to us. We might also obtain information through a partner, or co-create datasets with a partner, as part of our business operations. This kind of data is used for work like improving algorithms and data models, product testing and improvement, enhancing existing products and developing new capabilities and features. In some cases we combine personal information about individuals that we receive from multiple sources, including directly collected from you or through your use of the Intel® Services. We collect information about how you interact with our website and some Intel® Services through the use of cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies. Please view our Intel Cookies and Similar Technologies Notice for more information on our use of cookies and similar technologies, how you can manage cookies and how we respond to Do Not Track signals. How We Use Information We use information that we collect for lawful purposes associated with the growth, maintenance and management of our business while also respecting your privacy. These uses include our internal operations and administration, communicating with you and fulfilling your requests for the Intel® Services, for advertising and marketing, to monitor and maintain functionality and security of Intel® Services and to improve, develop, enhance and otherwise provide the Intel® Services. Expand the sections below to learn more.We use contact information to send messages; to ship products and process payments; to respond to customer service requests; to provide alerts such as security updates or changes in our policies or about subscriptions that are ending; and to send marketing or informational materials like newsletters or white papers, in accordance with your communication preferences. We occasionally conduct surveys, offer contests or sweepstakes or do focused research or studies which may require you to voluntarily share personal information in order to participate. These activities typically have additional notices that provide more information about the use of your personal information and to which you may be asked to consent. Some Intel® Services may allow you to send messages to a “friend” or other contacts you provide or to “like” or post on social media. For information about managing the use of your contact data and to manage subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit the Your Choices & Rights section of this Notice. We use information to operate our business; for example, to perform accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation, and collection activities. Other business purposes that depend on use of your personal information include crime or fraud monitoring and prevention, protecting our legal rights, and performing contractual obligations. We also use personal information to contact you to advertise, market and sell Intel® Services in accordance with your communications preferences. We use information to provide, offer, personalize and improve Intel® Services. Some information, like your IP address, is used to communicate with your device to provide network connectivity, measure usage levels of Intel® Services, diagnose server problems and provide security features. Other business purposes that depend on use of your information include data analysis related to testing, modifying, improving or developing new products, services and technologies and to identify trends. We may collect the physical location of a connected device using satellite, telecommunications tower, and WiFi signals to provide you with personalized location-based Intel® Services and content if you are using location-enabled Intel® Services. We use cookies to make our websites operate, work more efficiently, and provide analytic information. Technologies similar to cookies, such as pixel tags are also used in connection with some Intel® Services. For more information on Intel’s use of cookies, please read our Intel Cookies and Similar Technologies Notice . The Intel® Services may use information to provide software updates and reports and to check that they are working properly. Update functions may automatically check your system to see whether files need to be refreshed, updated, or modernized in order to provide you with the up to date security, versions, features, options and controls associated with your systems or devices. We rely on information to analyze performance and improve and maintain Intel® Services. We may use your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, to enable us to provide personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising and marketing campaigns. You may choose whether to allow or deny uses or sharing of your device’s location by changing your device settings, but if you choose to deny such uses or sharing, we may not be able to provide you with certain personalized Intel® Services and content. In some instances, our use of your personal information may result in automated decisions being taken (including profiling) that legally affect you or similarly significantly affect you. Automated decisions mean that a decision concerning you is made automatically on the basis of a computer determination (using software algorithms), without our human review which has legal or other significant effect. We use automated analysis to make predictions such as your level of interest in particular products or services, or automated decision making to prevent theft, fraud or other crime. Intel’s artificial intelligence solutions may lead to automated processing of data in a variety of fields. In the event that our automated decision making would have a legal effect or significantly affect you we will implement measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and interests, including performing privacy impact assessments to identify suitable measures to protect your rights, or obtain your explicit consent as required by applicable laws. When we make this kind of an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by using the contact details provided under the “ How to Contact Us ” section below.If you are in the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, where we have a legal obligation to do so or where the processing is in our legitimate interests (such as processing for administrative purposes, direct marketing, product development or improvement, preventing fraud or criminal acts and in support of information security) and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the time of collection. We will also tell you whether the requirement for that information is mandatory and explain any consequences to you if you do not provide the information. Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information based on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will take reasonable steps to provide clear notice and describe our legitimate interests. Intel Corporation is the Data Controller of all personal information collected in the EEA, except where a supplemental privacy notice says otherwise. The contact details for Intel Corporation are set out in the “ How to Contact Us section. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information for any specific processing activity, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ How to Contact Us ” Section below. How We Share Information We work through our affiliates to provide some of the Intel Services. We also work with authorized suppliers and business partners. When we share your personal information with these companies, we put in place appropriate measures to limit the use of your information only for legal and authorized purposes that are consistent with this Privacy Notice, as well as appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we rely on affiliates and partners, such as our resellers, to complete a purchase transaction or provide Intel Services, such as support, that you have requested. We also share information with third parties for advertising and marketing; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of Intel Services; and to protect our legal rights. For purposes limited to and consistent with this Privacy Notice. For more information, Intel's European Economic Area (EEA) Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) can be accessed here and Intel's United Kingdom (UK) BCRs can be accessed here . Our authorized vendors and suppliers may require personal information to provide services we have contracted for, such as product delivery, website hosting, data analysis, IT services, auditing, payment processing or customer service. We use a wide variety of software and tools at Intel and we process personal information using these tools as a regular course of business. Our contracts with suppliers and vendors include provisions to protect your information and limit its use. We also share non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymized or aggregated information, with suppliers for purposes such as analysis, identifying trends in the areas of our products and to help research and develop new Intel® Services. We occasionally have relationships with third parties that are not suppliers or vendors but are working with us to offer certain opportunities such as sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions, to enable joint products or research studies, or to facilitate services like message boards, blogs or other shared platforms. In these cases, additional terms or privacy notices may be provided. For third parties or uses not described in this Notice, we share your information only with a lawful basis to do so. We share your information with our third party company partners to prepare and deliver advertising and marketing content, to provide content services and to enable them to provide you with more personalized ads and to study the effectiveness of our campaigns. In particular, we use third-party companies to communicate regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you, in accordance with your preferences. You may receive this content by a variety of means such as email, phone or when you access and use the Intel® Services and other websites.Content may be based on information obtained, for example, through prior purchases or transactions, through your device’s physical location, through information about what advertisements and content you have viewed, or through cookies and similar technologies relating to your access to and use of the Intel® Services and other websites. Please read our Intel Cookies and Similar Technologies Notice for more information. You can choose whether to allow or deny uses and/or sharing of your device’s location by changing your device settings, but if you choose to deny such uses or sharing, our partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized Intel® Services and content. Intel does not share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties for their own advertising or marketing use without your permission. For information about how to decline our advertising and marketing, please see the section entitled "Your Choices & Rights" below. We may disclose personal information as part of a contemplated or actual corporate transaction such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). We may disclose personal information to collaboration partners to conduct research to improve our technology, or the use of our technology, in various fields of study and to identify new uses or design new products. Intel may disclose your personal information to any other person or entity where you consent to the disclosure. Your Choices & Rights Intel respects your rights in how your personal information is used and shared. You may request access or corrections to your personal data and make choices about the kinds of marketing materials you receive (or choose not to receive marketing from Intel at all). If you are in Europe, you may have additional rights under the GDPR. Additional choices and rights may be available to you depending on which Intel® Services you use. Expand the sections below to learn more. If you would like to correct or update your personal information, or to request access to or deletion of your personal information, you may contact us by visiting the specific product or service website or by using the contact details provided under the “ How to Contact Us ” section below. If you request a change to or deletion of your personal information, please note that we may still need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion). Some of your information may also remain within our systems and other records where necessary for compliance with applicable law. At your request and where the law requires us to do so, we will confirm what personal information we hold about you. You may also have a legal right to obtain a copy of your personal information. You can make such a request by making a written request in one of the ways described in the “ How to Contact Us ” section below. We may charge a processing fee for this service where permitted by law and we will require evidence of your identity before fulfilling your request. If you are in the EEA, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. You can exercise these rights by making a written request in one of the ways described in the “ How to Contact us ” section below. Similarly, if we have collected your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect (1) the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, or (2) processing your personal information under other legal bases. If you believe we are using your personal information in a way that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice or for more information about your rights, contact your local data protection authority (contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available here .) We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for advertising and marketing purposes. You may access or update your contact details and modify your communication preferences by using one of the methods provided under the “ How to Contact Us ” section below.Please also note that if you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, we may still send you communications related to your products or Intel® Services, such as information about a security update, billing issue or product delivery. Some advertising content is delivered through the Intel Services’ (including our website) use of cookies and similar technologies. Our Cookie Notice available here includes more information on Intel’s use of such technologies and how you can manage or decline their use. Other Privacy Related Information Below you will find additional information you may find important such as how we communicate changes to this notice, our data retention practices, international compliance, working with minors’ personal information and information security. Expand the sections below to learn more. The Intel® Services are designed to provide reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information against risks such as temporary or permanent loss, destruction, and unauthorized or unlawful access, alteration, use or disclosure. We require our suppliers and vendors to apply similar protections when they access or use personal information that we share with them. Users of Intel® Services must also do their part in protecting the data, systems, networks, and service they are utilizing. No technology, data transmission or system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that your password to any Intel account has been compromised), please immediately notify us by contacting us using the instructions in the “ How to Contact Us ” section below. We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act in the United States, and similar laws around the world, where applicable to Intel Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors without proper consent from a parent or legal guardian. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from a minor without the requisite consent, please let us know using the methods described in the How to Contact Us section below and we will investigate and promptly address the issue. For these purposes, we define a "minor" to mean an individual who is under the age of majority in the territory in which they are resident. Minors, or their legal guardians, may change or revoke the consent choices previously made or request access to or removal of any personal information that they have provided or posted to Intel sites by contacting ususing the information in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Notice. Within thirty days of such a request (unless another period is provided by law) Intel will anonymize, or remove from public view such content unless legally required to retain such content or information. Intel is a global company with its headquarters in the United States. As such, we may transfer your personal information between the United States and our affiliates and subsidiaries in other countries. We may also transfer your personal information to our third party service providers, who may be located in a different country to you. We may also transfer your personal information to our major data centers for processing in the following countries: Argentina, Austria, Brazil, Canada, China, Costa Rica, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, Philippines, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States, United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam. These countries may change from time to time and Intel can provide a current list upon written request. We transfer information in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect information in the event of an outage or other problem. We will process your personal information in a way that meets the commitments of this Notice and complies with the law wherever we transfer it. Whenever Intel transfers personal information beyond the country of origin, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws. For personal information originating in the European Economic Area (EEA) that is transferred to an Intel entity outside the EEA that does not have an “adequate level of protection” as determined by the European Commission, it does so on the basis of its EEA Binding Corporate Rules ("EEA BCRs"). Intel’s EEA BCRs establish adequate protection of personal information and are legally binding on the subsidiaries and affiliates identified in Appendix 1 to the EEA BCRs. Intel's EEA BCRs can be accessed here . Where Intel's EEA BCRs do not apply, we rely on other lawful measures, such as contracts that include the EU standard contractual clauses.Likewise, for personal information originating in the United Kingdom (UK) that is transferred to an Intel entity outside of the UK that does not have an “adequate level of protection” as determined by the competent UK authorities, it does so on the basis of its UK binding corporate rules known as Intel’s UK Binding Corporate Rules ("UK BCRs"). Intel’s UK BCRs establish adequate protection of personal information and are legally binding on the subsidiaries and affiliates identified in Appendix 1 to the UK BCRs. Intel's UK BCRs can be accessed here . Where Intel's UK BCRs do not apply, we rely on other lawful measures, such as standard contractual clauses, to provide appropriate safeguards for the personal information we transfer. We retain personal information for the period necessary to: Provide requested Intel® Services, as needed to comply with legal obligations (e.g. maintaining opt-out lists to fulfill advertising and marketing choices or to comply mandatory record retention or legal hold requirements), as agreed in an individual consent, to resolve disputes, and to otherwise fulfill the purposes, rights and obligations outlined in this Privacy Notice. Retention periods can vary significantly based on the type of information and how it is used and our retention periods are based on criteria that include legally mandated retention periods, pending or potential litigation, our intellectual property or ownership rights, contract requirements, operational directives or needs, and historical archiving. When personal information is removed from our systems, it will be deleted or destroyed using appropriate security protocols so that it cannot be reconstructed or read. This Privacy Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for, the policies and practices of third parties or other organizations that are not operating on Intel’s behalf, including policies and practices related to privacy and security, data collection, processing, use, storage, and disclosure. This includes: (a) any third party operating any site or service to which the Intel® Services link – the inclusion of a link on the Intel® Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates; or (b) any app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer (such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, LinkedIn, etc.) - including any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Intel® Services or our corporate Social Media Pages. We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time so it accurately reflects our practices, the Intel® Services and legal requirements. The “ Last Revised ” section at the top of this Notice states when this Privacy Notice was last amended and we update this date each time a revision is posted. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on the Intel® Services.You should check back regularly to stay informed of our privacy practices. If any change to our Privacy Notice materially affects the use of your personal information, we use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance, such as by sending an email or posting a prominent notice of the changes on our website, and give you a reasonable period of time to object to any changes. In some cases, objecting to changes may affect the availability or functionality of the Intel® Services available to you. We will treat your continued use of the Intel® Services after the effective date of any updated Privacy Notice as your acceptance of the changes we have made. However, we will seek your affirmative consent to any material changes in our use of your personal information as described in an updated Privacy Notice if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to stay informed about how we collect, use, and share personal information. How to Contact Us If you have questions or concerns about Intel’s privacy practices or to exercise any of your rights and choices as described in this notice, you can select the appropriate link below: To exercise your privacy rights such as accessing, deleting or changing your personal information as described in this Notice under Your Choices and Rights, please submit your request here .To access or update your contact details or modify your communication preferences as described in this Notice under Advertising and Marketing Choices, you may either: Visit the specific product or service websiteUse the My Intel portalUse the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any marketing communication receivedTo ask a question please submit here .To file a privacy complaint, please submit here . You may also contact Intel by postal mail at the addresses below.Please include your contact information and a detailed description of your privacy request or privacy concern. Intel Privacy Office Contact by email Intel Data Protection Officer Contact by email To contact Intel Corporation's Korean domestic representative, designated under the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, see below: Domestic Representative: Yoon & Yang LLC Attorney-at-charge: Keun Woo Lee Address: ASEM Tower, 517 Yeongdong-daero, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea TEL: +82(2)6003-7658 or contact by email Intel India Privacy Grievance Officer Contact by email Get Help © Intel Corporation Terms of Use *Trademarks Cookies Privacy Supply Chain Transparency Site Map Do Not Share My Personal Information Recycling Intel technologies may require enabled hardware, software or service activation. // No product or component can be absolutely secure. // Your costs and results may vary. // Performance varies by use, configuration and other factors. // See our complete legal Notices and Disclaimers . // Intel is committed to respecting human rights and avoiding complicity in human rights abuses. See Intel’s Global Human Rights Principles . Intel’s products and software are intended only to be used in applications that do not cause or contribute to a violation of an internationally recognized human right. Manage Cookies Settings Information We CollectStrictly Necessary CookiesAnalyticsFunctionalAd TargetingData TransferData Sharing Information We Collect Intel values your privacy. Our Sites use Cookies and Similar Technologies on this website to improve your online experience, to analyze site usage, and to show tailored advertising to you. This consent management tool will help you understand what information is being collected and give you control over how it is being used. Information Our Partners Collect Details of the vendors that we use to improve your overall web browsing experience are provided in the tool. They use Cookies and Similar Technologies to connect you with your social networks and tailor advertising to better match your interests. Your Choices You can manage your cookie settings by visiting the Analytics, Functional, and Ad Targeting tabs on the left. Intel Privacy Notice Intel Cookie Notice Strictly Necessary Cookies These technologies are necessary for the Intel experience to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. The technology is usually only set in response to actions made by the device owner which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging in, filling in forms, maintaining secure login areas, maintaining state across pages (remembering items in a shopping basket), and server load balancing. The device owner can set their preference to block or alert Intel about these technologies, but some parts of the Intel experience will not work. These technologies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Analytics Active These technologies allow Intel to count device visits and traffic sources, so Intel can measure and improve the performance of our experiences. The technology helps Intel to know which experiences are the most and least popular and see how device owners interact with the experience. All information these technologies collect is aggregated. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then Intel will not know when the device owner visited or how the device owner interacted with our experiences. Functional Functional Active These technologies enable the Intel experience to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. The technology may be set by Intel or by third-party providers whose services Intel have added to our experiences. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then some or all of these services may not function properly for the device owner. Ad Targeting and sharing choices Ad Targeting and sharing choices Active Inactive/Active Inactive means Intel will not collect and Share my device information for Ad Targeting uses. Active means Intel may collect and Share my device information for Ad Targeting uses.If you visit an Intel Site or service using a device with a United States IP address and a privacy-preference signal enabled (e.g., Do Not Track , Global Privacy Control ), Intel will not collect device information for the purpose of Ad Targeting uses.If you visit an Intel Site or service using a device with a United States IP address, you have not enabled a privacy-preference signal, and your Ad Targeting and Sharing Choices are set to Active, Intel may collect device information for the purpose of Ad Targeting uses.If you have more than one device, you will need to configure all devices with your privacy-preferences.These technologies may be set through our Intel experience or by our advertising partners.The technology may be used to build a profile of the device owner’s interests and show the device owner relevant advertisements on other experiences. The technology does not store directly personal information on the device, but the technology is based on uniquely identifying the device. If the device owner does not allow these technologies, then the device owner will experience less targeted advertising. Data Transfer Data Transfer Inactive You consent to allowing Intel to transfer your personal information outside of China for processing based upon Intel's Privacy and Cookies notices as well as the Intel Privacy Notice Supplement for Users in China . Data Sharing Data Sharing Inactive You consent to Intel sharing your personal information with Intel's affiliates, Intel's partners, and Intel-authorized third-party personal information processors. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelGPC signal not detected. Please download a browser/extension that supports it. Home Take control of your privacy. Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights. Turn On Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference. Send the Signal Your browser will send the signal to websites you visit. Exercise Your Rights Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly. You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit. Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA). Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the specification. Get Involved lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing. is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites. The signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315 for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers ( GDPR Articles 7 & 21 ). Over time, the signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions. “CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.” Xavier Becerra CA Attorney General “40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.” Roy Wyden Senate Finance Chairman “My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.” Mark R. Warner VA Senator “GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.” Alexander McD White Bermuda Privacy Commissioner “It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.” Ron Wyden Senate Finance Chairman “CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.” Xavier Becerra CA Attorney General Got to slide 0Got to slide 1Got to slide 2Got to slide 3Got to slide 4Got to slide 5 Join over 50 million users. Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC. about Abine about Brave Browser about Disconnect about DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser about Firefox about OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab about Privacy Badger by EFF Founding Organizations The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC. Featured Press & Announcements GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers Global Privacy Control Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now The Washington Post ‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work Wired Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls TechCrunch Frequently Asked Questions What is the Global Privacy Control (GPC)? Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the specification. Who is supporting the development of GPC? GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders: technologists, web publishers, technology companies, browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and civil rights organizations.I’m a web user. How can I use GPC to signal my privacy preferences to websites? GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions, listed here . If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available here . I’m a publisher, developer, or other service. How can I support GPC? The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference documentation are available here . For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter ( @globablprivctrl ). I’m a policymaker. How can I support GPC or learn more about how it could apply in my jurisdiction? As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please contact us via email at info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org . How can I get involved in developing the proposed specification? GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Privacy Community Group (Privacy CG) in April 2020. A number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with the proposal here . Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see below). Get Involved Contact us to learn more about supporting in your browser, app, or website. This site is hosted by GitHub and is subject to its Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . Content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. This license does not apply to any logos or marks on this site.