Intent IQ Technology Privacy Policy Last Updated: 06/29/2023 Technology Policy Intent IQ (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is a New York-based advertising technology company that provides services to businesses, such as website and mobile application publishers and other companies, by identifying websites, services and devices accessed by consumers (“Users”) through laptops, desktops, tablets, smartphones, and TVs. Our business clients then use this information, which may be collected across different devices, to make their own decisions about targeting ads and providing other services. Intent IQ generally does not itself delivery third party advertisements to Users. So that we may help you to understand how our technology works, and to allow you to exercise your privacy preferences, we offer this Technology Privacy Policy. For information about the information collected and used from this website, www.intentiq.com , and not our services, please see our What types of information does the Intent IQ technology collect? Our products and services do not include the collection and use of identifiable information such as your name, physical address or unhashed email address. Rather, Intent IQ’s data is used to identify a device and may consist of mobile device IDs (such as advertising IDs a/k/a “MAIDS”), cookies, IP addresses, user agents and hashed email addresses. We collect websites visited to identify devices accessing similar content but not for profiling purposes and such browsing information itself is not sold to anyone. We just use such information to develop and enhance our device map. That said, our technology does collect information that may be deemed by applicable laws to be “personal information,” which is information that directly or indirectly identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with a specific person. The precise definition of personal information may vary depending on your place of residence, but we take the same general approach to protecting your privacy, subject to any additional measures that may be required by applicable laws. The personal information we collect, which is described in more detail in this Privacy Policy, may include: Data about your online activities, such as web pages visited, mobile applications used, content viewed, browsed and interacted with, searches conducted, the advertising displayed on your device and your interaction with such ads. Data about the devices you use, such as your device IP address, cookie IDs, device user agent, browser and app IDs, hashed email addresses, location and the advertising identifier assigned to your device. To the extent data has been deidentified or it otherwise cannot reasonably be related back to a specific person, such data is not considered personal information, and is not subject to this Technology Privacy Policy. Information about our data collection during the prior 12 months is described below. How is the information collected through Intent IQ technology used? We use the information we collect to create a dynamic device map of different browsers, apps and devices associated with a User. While visited site information may be directly tied to your individual device (such as a computer or mobile device), this information may be “probabilistically” tied to your device. This means that we believe the information is tied to your device, but it may in fact be tied to other devices. The browsers, apps, and devices are identified by identifiers that do not directly identify an individual, including cookies, hashed email addresses, user agents, browser and app IDs, and mobile operating system assigned IDs such as the IDFA (on iOS devices) and the Android Advertising ID. Based on the collected information and the dynamic device map, Intent IQ’s clients are able to select the devices of those Users to whom to serve relevant advertisements and deliver them to Users based on different browsers, apps, and devices we have associated with them including laptops, desktops, smartphones, tablets, or TVs. This form of advertising is sometimes called “targeted advertising,” “behavioral advertising,” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”. Intent IQ and its clients also use the information we collect and the dynamic device map to understand how users respond to and interact with ads and to report on that information, to detect and prevent fraud, for the benefit of clients in other industries (such as financial services) and other purposes as required by law. Does Intent IQ use Cookies? Yes, the Intent IQ technology uses third party cookies, first party cookies in collaboration with various websites and similar technologies. A cookie is a small text file that a browser stores on a user’s device for record-keeping purposes and future recognition of that user’s computer by the entity that owns the cookie.Intent IQ arranges for the storage within cookies of a unique ID value (a series of letters, numbers and characters) and possibly other information as well. The unique ID can be used by Intent IQ, other websites and third parties receiving this unique ID to identify your browser. For more information about first party and third party cookies, please visit To whom is the information we collect disclosed? Intent IQ makes available to its clients its dynamic device map or portions thereof and other data to enable those companies to select relevant advertisements and personalize advertising and other content for Users on their different browsers, apps, and devices and for other purposes, such as reporting, analytics, and to detect and help prevent fraud. We also disclose the information to clients in other industries (such as financial services) to help with their products and services. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to other affiliates and entities in the following instances: Service Providers: We may share your personal information with third-party service providers who may use your information to provide us with services. These service providers may have access to personal information that is necessary to perform their functions, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us. They are not authorized by us to use the information for their own benefit. Corporate Affiliates: We may share personal information with our corporate affiliates and subsidiaries, who process personal information on our behalf, where necessary to provide our products and services. Business and Advertising Partners. We may share your personal information with third parties who use our products and services for marketing, advertising or other commercial purposes. We do not control how these third parties use and share your personal information once they receive it. You will need to contact such third parties directly for information about their privacy practices or to exercise any rights you may have (including if you would like to opt-out of their marketing activities). Legal Compliance and to Defend Our Rights: We may disclose personal information and other information as we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (e) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. Business Transfers: We may share your personal information and other information with third parties in connection with a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the assets of Intent IQ, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which the assets transferred may include information about the users of our website. Non-Personal Information: We may share non-personal information with unaffiliated third parties for a variety of business purposes. We publicly commit to maintain and use the information in de-identified or aggregate form, and not to attempt to re-identify the information. ​​ Does Intent IQ sell or share my personal information to other parties? Yes. Intent IQ may sell or share your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt-out from your personal information being sold or shared. For more information about your right to opt-out, please see the sections titled California Privacy Rights and Other states’ Privacy Rights below. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Intent IQ has sold the categories of personal information in the chart set forth above to our clients. How long do you retain the information you collect? We generally store information collected via our technology for up to two years, or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations such as to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your information, we may continue to retain and use anonymous or aggregate data, or any other data that constitutes non-personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties. What are your security procedures? The security of the information collected through Intent IQ’s technology is important to us. Information collected by the Intent IQ system is stored in databases that are maintained in secure data centers in the United States and accessed by our authorized personnel elsewhere. Both physical and Internet access are strictly protected and limited.Access is granted only to those with authorization. No method of transmission over the Internet or of electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect the information we collect, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. What choices are available to me? If you would like to opt out from receiving more relevant ads using our data, please click here for information on how to opt out on your browser and mobile device from the Intent IQ device map. Please remember, opting out will not stop the delivery of all ads to you, but will only stop the delivery of targeted ads using our data and device map. We regularly refresh our data so that third parties that use the device map do not later use data from devices that have opted out for purposes of serving targeted ads to you, but their use of our device map is subject to their own privacy policies. In addition to our opt-out process , you can learn more about interest-based advertising and opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers by visiting the DAA’s consumer choice page. The opt-out process through the DAA relies upon the placement of an opt-out cookie on your device. We do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted to us by web browsers. However, if you are a resident of California or another jurisdiction with rights under applicable laws that apply to Intent IQ, we treat Global Privacy Control signals that Users send to Intent IQ as a means of opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information, or of opting out of the processing of personal information for targeted advertising, as applicable. Please see the sections titled California Privacy Rights and Other states’ Privacy Rights below for more information. If you initially consent to the collection of location information by your device or by individual applications, you can usually stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences/settings on your device. Your California privacy rights If you reside in California, under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, you have specific rights regarding your personal information. This section describes the rights that you have under CCPA and explains how to exercise those rights. For the purposes of this section, personal information does not include: (i) information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records; (ii) de-identified or aggregated data; or (iii) information excluded from the scope of the CCPA. To be clear, these rights are granted only to the extent that you are a California consumer and we are acting as a “business” under the CCPA with respect to your personal information. The rights in this section are not intended to grant you additional rights, but only your rights under the CCPA. Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold. You have the right to request that Intent IQ disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure or sale of your personal information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Your CCPA Rights), and subject to certain limitations that we describe below, we will disclose such information to you. You have the right to request any or all of the following: ​​ o The categories of personal information we collected about you. o The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected. o Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. o The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. o The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. Please see the chart above which contains some of this information which applies to all Users. Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that Intent IQ delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Your CCPA Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers and third parties to whom we have sold the information to delete to the extent we are able to do so) your personal information from our records. However, we may retain personal information that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) in order to perform certain actions set forth under CCPA, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity. Right to Data Portability. In connection with the Right to Know above, you have the right to request a copy of personal information we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.The CCPA allows you to request your information from us up to twice during a 12-month period. We will provide our response in a readily usable (and usually electronic) format. Right to Correct. You may have the right to request the correction of any personal information we maintain about you. Personal Information Sales and Sharing Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights. You have the right to direct us to not sell or share your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is at least 13 and less than 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. ​​ To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by following the process in the Exercising Your CCPA Rights section below. EXERCISING YOUR CCPA RIGHTS. To exercise any of the rights described above, you may: Visit the following page: "Email us at Call us at 888-701-1811 ​​ Only you, or a person or business entity that you authorize to act on your behalf (an “authorized agent”), may make the requests set forth above. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child. If you are an authorized agent or an adult acting on behalf of your minor child, please reach out by emailing to privacy@intentiq.com so we could verify your authority. In order to protect the security of your personal information, we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will vary depending on the nature of the request. Generally speaking, verification will be performed through technical means of matching your device or identifiers to the data we possess. We are not obligated to provide the information set forth above under “Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold” more than twice in a 12-month period. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We will make every effort to respond to your request within 45 days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, the CCPA allows us up to 90 days to respond. We will still contact you within 45 days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond. Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, including, but not limited to, by: o Denying you goods or services. o Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. o Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services. o Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Other states’ privacy rights Laws in Virginia, Nevada, Colorado, Connecticut and similar state laws provide consumers and residents of such states, as applicable, with specific rights regarding their personal information. To the extent that you are a resident of a state with similar privacy laws, this section describes your rights and explains how you may exercise these rights. The categories of personal information we process, our purposes for processing your personal information, the categories of personal information that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with whom we share it are set forth in the chart above. Rights to Your Information In addition to the rights set forth in our privacy policy, we provide you with the following rights: Right to know. You have the right to know whether we process your personal information and to access such personal information. Right to data portability. You may have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another business without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means. You may request such personal information up to twice annually, subject to certain exceptions. Right to delete. You have the right to delete personal information that you have provided by or that we have obtained about you. Please note that we may deny such request if the requested deletion falls under an exception as set forth in an applicable law.Additionally, if you request deletion of your personal information and we have obtained such information from a third-party source, we may retain such data by keeping a record of the deletion request and the minimum data necessary to ensure that your personal information remains deleted from our records and that such retained data is not used for any other purpose, or we may opt you out of the processing of such personal information for any purpose except for those allowed under applicable laws. Right to opt out. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of: (i) targeted advertising; (ii) the sale of personal information; or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As of the latest date of the Privacy Policy: ​​ o We process personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising; o We sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration; and o We do not engage in profiling decision based on your personal information that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you, but our clients may do so. Right to correct. You may have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Right to nondiscrimination. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights. Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not: ​​ o Deny you goods or services; o Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; o Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or o Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS; VERIFYING YOUR IDENTITY To exercise any of your privacy rights described above, you may: > Visit the following page: " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-out ." > Email us at privacy@intentiq.com . > Call us at 888-701-1811 After submitting a request, we will take steps to verify your identity in order for us to properly respond and/or confirm that your request is not fraudulent. We may contact you for additional information as reasonably necessary to authenticate your request, but if we are ultimately unable to authenticate your request using reasonably commercial efforts, then we may not be able to comply with it. Only you may make a verifiable request related to your personal information. If you are making a request as the parent or legal guardian of a known child regarding the processing of that child’s personal information, we may ask you to submit reliable proof of your identity. Response Time; Your Right to Appeal We will make every effort to respond to your request within 45 days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, the law may allow us up to 90 days to respond. We will contact you within 45 days from when you contacted us to inform you of the need for additional time and the reason for such extension. We may charge you a reasonable fee to cover administrative costs if your requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive. If we decline to take action on a request that you have submitted, we will inform you of our reasons for doing so, and if you have applicable rights in your jurisdiction, provide instructions for how to appeal the decision. In that case, you will have the right to appeal within a reasonable period of time after you have received our decision. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If we deny your right to appeal, we will provide you with a method for contacting the applicable authorities to submit a complaint. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Our servers are maintained in the United States of America. By using the website, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personally identifiable information to the USA. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA. Changes to this policy If we decide to change this Technology Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Technology Privacy Policy and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. Any updated version of this Technology Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Intent IQ technology after the effective date of the revised policy will constitute your consent to those changes.However, we will not, without your consent, use your personal information in a manner materially different from what was stated at the time your personal information was collected. We encourage you to periodically review the website for the latest information on our privacy practices. How can I learn more about Intent IQ’ Privacy Practices? You may contact Intent IQ with any questions or concerns you may have at: E-mail: The future of Identity and attribution is available today REQUEST A CALL Website Privacy Policy Technology Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information / Opt-Out ©2023. All Rights Reserved. INTENT IQ 37-18 Northern blvd, suite 404, Long Island City, NY, 11101 bottom of page ESC ESC CloseKeyboard Nav Shift+A Stop Blinks Shift+B Monochrome Shift+C Sepia Shift+D High Contrast Shift+E Black & Yellow Shift+F Invert Shift+G Highlights Titles Shift+H Highlights Links Shift+I Tooltip Shift+J Tooltip Visible Shift+K Readable Fonts Shift+L Increase Font Shift+M Decrease Font Shift+N Zoom Increase Shift++ Zoom Decrease Shift+P White Cursor Shift+Q Black Cursor Shift+R Reader View Shift+W Reset Alt+P Statement Alt+Q Report us Alt+Rtop of page HOMETECHNOLOGYSOLUTIONSIDENTITY DEVICE GRAPHBID ENHANCEMENT SERVICESCTV ATTRIBUTIONBROWSER IDENTITY HUBiOS RE-ENGAGEMENTATTLICAFRAUD DETECTIONDSC NEWS & UPDATESBlogNewsProduct newsABOUT USWho We AreOur MissionOur LeadershipCareerGalleryCONTACT PARTNER LOGIN The future of Identity and attribution is available today REQUEST A CALL Website Privacy Policy Technology Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information / Opt-Out ©2023. All Rights Reserved. INTENT IQ 37-18 Northern blvd, suite 404, Long Island City, NY, 11101 bottom of page ESC ESC CloseKeyboard Nav Shift+A Stop Blinks Shift+B Monochrome Shift+C Sepia Shift+D High Contrast Shift+E Black & Yellow Shift+F Invert Shift+G Highlights Titles Shift+H Highlights Links Shift+I Tooltip Shift+J Tooltip Visible Shift+K Readable Fonts Shift+L Increase Font Shift+M Decrease Font Shift+N Zoom Increase Shift++ Zoom Decrease Shift+P White Cursor Shift+Q Black Cursor Shift+R Reader View Shift+W Reset Alt+P Statement Alt+Q Report us Alt+R