↵ENTER ↵ENTER ↵ENTER ↵ENTER Toggle navigation Frequently Asked Questions When will I receive my monthly telephone statement? Between the 1st and the 3rd day of the month. When is my bill due? Payment is due by the 15th of the month. If not paid by the due date, when is my bill considered delinquent? After the 15th day of the month, an AP late notice telephone notification reminder will call the telephone number on record extending approximately seven days before interruption of service is made. There will be a service charge added to the customer's bill for the late notice notification. If my service is disconnected for non-pay, how much will it cost to restore my service? If service is out thirty days or less the restoration fee is $25.00 plus $5.00 additional per service; after thirty days, the account will be handled as a re-installation. The reinstallation fee is $36.50. Where do I make my monthly payments? There are several different options available for making payments: 1. Star Commununications Retail Store. Located in the Lowe's shopping center, 937 Sunset Ave, Clinton NC. Hours are : Monday thru Friday 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. and Saturday 8:00 a.m. - 11 a.m. 3. Star Communications district office in Elizabethtown, N.C., 3112 Martin Luther King Dr, Elizabethtown, NC 28337. Office hours are: Monday thru Friday 8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. For your convenience after office hours, there is a depository box available for payments. Receipts will be mailed for any cash payments left in the depository. 4. By mail-A pre-addressed envelope will be provided each month with your statement. Please do not send cash by mail. We accept checks and money orders made payable to Star Communications. 5. Draft-A service provided for your convenience is the Automatic Drafting Service. It provides automatic payment of your telephone account through your bank. It's a sure way to know that your payment is received. It also eliminates check writing and postage for mailing. If interested, please give us a call. We'll be glad to assist you. 6. Pay securely online. Go to: https://www.starcom.net/starservices.html How do I report troubles in my service or equipment? When calling within Star Communications service area, dial 611. When calling from outside Star Telephone's service area, dial 1-800-945-4233. For DSL tech support, dial 1-877-269-8236. You can report troubles to these numbers 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. What areas can I dial without being charged for a long distance call? Consult the front of your telephone directory. It will be listed as "Extended Area Service Calls." The places listed under your exchange will be toll-free for you to dial. How do I dial for Directory Assistance? Dial 1-411 for local Directory Assistance and 1-(area code) 555-1212 for long distance Directory Assistance. There is a charge for Directory Assistance. Where do I call to add a jack, cord, or have my number changed, or to get a long distance call investigated? Each telephone exchange has a number that is toll free for calling the business office. When calling the business office, select the number that represents the telephone exchange in which you are located. (Local business office numbers) Are there other customer service numbers available that can assist me in calling the Star Communications business office? Yes. They are listed below. If these numbers are long distance you may call our toll free number, 1-800-706-6538. Star Communications Customer Service Numbers *Call 564-7887 for... Assistance with capital credit refunds or deceased members, etc., or membership verification. *Call 564-7886 or 645-1384 for... Assistance with inquires relating to an unpaid balance on your bill, payments on accounts and telephone directory errors. *Call 564-7880 for... Assistance with any Commercial activity including billing and collections, toll investigation, capital credit refunds, and the Elizabethtown office. Please call this number if you are having difficulty getting an inquiry or problem resolved that pertains to any of the above. This is the number for the Commercial Manager. *Call 564-7882 for... Assistance with calling card inquiries, optional calling plans, drafts, or if you need to speak with a supervisor of the Teller/Receptionist, Service Representatives, or Membership Estate Representative located at the main office in Clinton, N.C. *Call 564-7886, 564-7882, 645-1380, 645-1384 or 564-7880 when Requesting a payment extension. *Call 645-1380 for... Assistance with any inquiry, problem, etc. relating to the Elizabethtown District Office. This is the number for the Elizabethtown District Office Manager. What about calls that appear on my bill that I did not make? First-check with the members of your family or people that have access to your phone.If you are not successful identifying the call, then call the business office and ask to speak with a Service Representative. They will be glad to investigate the call for you. If the telephone service is listed in my name can my spouse transact business on the account? No. Not unless you placed the name on your membership application. You may call the business office if you want the name added to your account. If I paid a security deposit at the time of application for telephone service, when is it refundable? At the end of the first year's service, if your credit rating is good, your deposit will be refunded. If your credit rating is not good, the deposit will be held until the account rates a "B", or until service is terminated. Am I responsible for the inside wire at my location? Depends. This is optional. You may obtain your inside wire or allow Star Communications to maintain by agreeing to the Inside Wire Maintenance Program. The monthly fee for the maintenance program for telephones is $2.75, Data $3.75; and Voice, Video and Data is $6.95. Can I provide my own telephone and / or equipment? Yes. You may provide your telephone and any accessories to it as long as it is approved by the FCC (Federal Communications Commission) If I am leasing equipment from Star Communications, what are my responsibilities regarding the leased equipment? The customer is responsible for the monthly rental fee for the duration of the leased time. At the time of disconnection or removal, it is the customer's responsibility to return the equipment to Star Communications or purchase it at a reduced price. If not returned or purchased, the "used" price of the equipment will be added to the final bill. Does Star Communications provide any special service for their handicap customers? Yes. For the Hearing and Speech impaired customers, Star Communications has a TTY machine at their main office. The TTY telephone number is 910-564-5010. For the visually impaired customer, Star Telephone has a member newsletter service at 910-564-5015. Does Star Communications accept bank charge cards for payment? Yes. Star Communications accepts Visa, Mastercard, and Discover, if presented in the business office with proper identification. You are also able to Pay by Phone by calling 1-800-706-6538 and selecting option 2. If I discontinue my telephone service and there is a credit balance on my account, when may I expect to receive a refund check? Due to the fact long distance toll calls are billed in arrears, Star Communications requires an account to be inactive for 90 days before the refund process begins. You should receive a refund check within ten working days after the ninety day period ends. CONNECT Accessibility Preferences (Ctrl + Alt + A) English Reset Accessibility Statement This is free Version with limited features High Contrast Highlight Links Highlight Titles Adjust Font Size Default Readable Font Adjust Letter Spacing Default Text Magnifier Content Scaling Default Reading Mask Adjust Line Height Default Hide Images Align Left Align Center Align Right Web Accessibility Solution bySkynetTechnologies.com Accessibility Statement Our Commitment to Accessibility We are committed to making our website accessible and user friendly to the wider possible audience, regardless of ability. We contribute time, our expertise and creativity to accelerating accessibility. Our website is adhering to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. It helps us to ensure that the website is accessible to blind people, people with cognitive disabilities, visual impairment, and more. We have used an accessibility interface which allows visitors with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI and design as per their preference. We are considering accessibility as an ongoing effort. We are actively engaged in performing regular website audits, evaluations, and testing to ensure our web properties meet or exceed accessibility standards. Feedback or Questions? Regardless of our best efforts to permit anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections which are not completely accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking a competent technological solution to make them accessible. We are still improving our accessibility widget, adding features and updating its options, and developing new technologies.If you want to get in touch with the website's owner, please use the website form! Choose the Interface Language English Español Deutsch عربى Slovenčina português 日本語 Magyar français italiano polski Pусский Suomenkieli Türkçe Ελληνικά Latinus עִברִית Български Català 中文 čeština Dansk Nederlands हिंदी Bahasa Indonesia 한국어 Lietuvių Bahasa Melayu Norsk Română Slovenščina Svenska ภาษาไทย Українська Việt Nam বাঙালি සිංහල አማርኛ Hmoob မြန်မာ Hide Accessibility Interface? Please note: If you choose to hide the accessibility interface, you won't be able to see it anymore, unless you clear your browsing history and data. Are you sure that you wish to hide the interface?