Privacy Policy Our privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use or access our website, application, or just interact with us. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, the changes are effective 1 day after we post the revised privacy policy (as indicated by revising the date at the top of our privacy policy). We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you access our services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy. Terms and Conditions In addition to this webpage, please visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://geo.ipify.org/terms-of-service Collection of Information What information do we collect? We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. We collect information from you when you become a member of our site by registering your information in order to receive an account with us. The only other time we prompt you to collect personal secure information is when you place an order on our site. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may also visit our site anonymously at your discretion. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services When you access or use our services, we automatically collect information about you, including but not limited to: Log Information: Device Information: Location Information: Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Third Party Analytics We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. What do we use your information for? We use information about you for various purposes, including to: Provide, maintain and improve our services;Provide services you request, process transactions and to send you related information;Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;Communicate with you about news and information related to our service;Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; Personalize and improve our services. By accessing and using our services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in and to the United States and other countries. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your written consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Non-personally identifiable information is information that on its own cannot identify a person. This can include Device IDs, isolated IP addresses and/or Dynamic IP addresses, as well as cookies. According to EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) IP addresses and Dynamic IP addresses are considered Personal Data but are not considered identifiable information when used alone. As part of our compliance with GDPR we will never provide personally identifiable information to outside parties other than for the express purposes of processing your transaction. How do we protect your information? Private information such as credit cards, social security numbers, billing or shipping information, etc. are never stored on our servers and are always removed after a transaction has taken place on our website. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) when performing transactions or becoming a member. This same technology is applied to every transaction process. Providers that participate in our Payment Gateway database gain access to necessary transaction information* by providing legal consent to keep personally identifiable information and sensitive financial information confidential. All participants within our Payment Gateway database are held accountable and responsible for keeping your information not only secure during the transaction process but also private, and are also subject to legal consequence, not excluding jail time for any breach. * Necessary transaction information includes but is not limited to, payment methods, billing and shipping information, name, address, phone number, and/or other relevant information needed to perform a transaction for goods and services. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not for any reason authorize the use of our site as a registered member or paying customer to anyone under 13 years of age, nor do we collect any information knowingly or willfully from anyone under 13 years of age. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are not required by law to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Because we hold your privacy to the highest standard, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. This means we will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account and going to the 'My Account' page. By utilizing this option, you are able to keep your account current or make changes at your own discretion to alter what personal information is securely and privately registered online. Your Information Choices Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services. Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Try our IP Geolocation API free of charge Request type*SalesTechnical SupportAccount issuesGeneral Or shoot us an email to IP Geolocation uses cookies to provide you with the best user experience on our website. They also help us understand how our site is being used. Find out more here .By continuing to use our site you consent to the use of cookies.How IP Geolocation Tools Can Help You Prevent Phishing Attacks Phishing’s roots are traceable as far back as the early 90s when a group of hackers known as the “Warez Community” launched an attack against America Online (AOL) users. In what was dubbed one the first phishing attacks (if not the first), the perpetrators developed a program to come up with randomly generated credit card numbers so they could create fake AOL accounts. They then used these accounts to spam users and scammed them into giving out personal information. Decades after, the threat remains in use for one simple reason—phishing does work. But like many attack types, it has since evolved to take on more sinister forms or work on any kind of communication device. Regardless of innovations, though, phishing is preventable with the help of IP geolocation tools like an IP Geolocation API or a IP Geolocation Database . Phishing: The Many-Fanged Threat Over the years, phishing has matured and ever since affected individuals and organizations alike via multiple devices. Among its forms according to the equipment used are: Phishing: The original form of “phishing” was first introduced to computer users. Today, a new phishing site is launched every 20 seconds. It gets worse when the best practice of ensuring the websites you visit are secure no longer applies. Almost 75% of phishing sites now use HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). And in just one week (6–13 April 2020), an employer as big as Google reportedly blocked as many as 18 million COVID-19-related phishing emails per day. Here’s a sample phishing email that users should be wary of: Vishing: A term coined from a combination of “voice” and “phishing,” the threat occurs over Internet-enabled telephony service or voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP). The first of this phishing type was reported as far back as 2006. The attackers got users to think that their credit cards were used illegally. Today, vishers spoof company higher-ups to convince staff to transfer large sums of money into their accounts. Such was the case of a manager at an energy firm in the U.K. who lost £200,000 to attackers who used artificial intelligence (AI) to dupe him into thinking he was receiving orders from his boss. Smishing: A term coined from combining “short message service (SMS)” and phishing, smishing first appeared in early 2012. Back then, a German company reported the compromise of several of its clients’ private data through a smishing (also known as “SMShing”) attack. These days, any user can receive a mobile phone call or text message from a smisher asking him or her to divulge confidential information. Here’s a common smishing message: Social media phishing: This type, of course, occurs on any social media platform. Sometimes shortened to “social phishing,” this type of phishing took flight as soon as social media platforms became mainstream. One example of this is the Mia Ash social phishing campaign that baited males into giving personal data to a fake Facebook user back in 2017. Here’s the profile the attackers used: As you can tell, cybercriminals keep up with the times and flock to where potential victims are. And because they know that they stand to earn more from victimizing large organizations, bigger cybercriminal rings also engage in spear phishing. One of its most successful forms is probably business email compromise (BEC). Also known as “email account compromise (EAC)” or “CEO fraud,” BEC scammers are said to have amassed more than $3.5 billion from victims in 2019. These all prove how big a threat phishing remains despite better awareness and improved solutions. Can organizations and common end-users do something about it? Can IP Geolocation Tools Help Combat Phishing? The quick answer to that question is yes. Harnessing the power of an IP geolocation database or API can help, at least to some extent. Below are a few cases to demonstrate. Case #1: Use an IP Geolocation Database to Set Alerts Several sources of IP addresses to avoid can be found on the Internet and accessed free of charge. We obtained a list of malicious IP addresses from GitHub for this demonstration. It was in .txt format, which we converted into .csv so we can compare it with the sample IP Geolocation Data Feed we downloaded. The 343,318 IP addresses in the sample blacklist for 11 June 2020 were cited for violations ranging from once up to 10 times by separate researchers. Here’s a breakdown in terms of citation volume: We looked at the IP addresses cited at least five times for malicious connections in the IP geolocation database to see if we could identify commonalities. We found a total of circa 350 malicious IP addresses. Our specific findings include: Netherlands topped the list of source countries or the locations where the majority (106, or 30%) of the malicious IP addresses originated. The U.S.(56), Germany (35), France (33), and China (27) followed at second to fifth place.By ISP, Netherlands-based ISP Joshua Peter McQuistan topped the list (51, or 15%) of malicious IP address managers. In second to fifth place, ISPs OVH SAS (38), DigitalOcean (19), Chinanet (18), F3 Netze e.V. (17) followed. These findings hint at the need of closely monitoring the IP addresses managed by the leading ISPs in the top 5 countries. Integrating a geolocation database to serve as an intelligence source into security systems can help pinpoint IP addresses’ origins. Setting up an alert each time such an IP address appears can warn the security team to scrutinize the nature of the visit further. Case #2: Integrate an IP Geolocation API to Spot Red Flags Using the same dataset, we know that the IP address 171[.]25[.]193[.]77 was cited for malicious ties ten times. Consulting IP Geolocation API, we found that it’s ISP DFRI that manages the Sweden-based IP address. Upon checking, DFRI refers to the nonprofit organization Digital Freedom and Rights Association founded in 2011. It is a member of European Digital Rights. A web search for the keyword “DFRI” shows nothing untoward. Another search for the full organization name, however, includes a list of citations for malicious IP addresses. We looked into the report that talks about the malicious IP address (the same one we just checked on IP Geolocation API). We looked for more details as to why 171[.]25[.]193[.]77 was blacklisted and found that it is a spam-sending IP address and has connections to several malicious email addresses . It was also cited as a proxy or virtual private network (VPN) connection. Integrating IP Geolocation API can help cybersecurity staff keep tabs on specific IP addresses that share details such as ISP and Autonomous System number (ASN) or route with others. The tool can issue alerts when commonalities between red-flagged IP addresses obtained from threat intelligence sources such as VirusTotal, Stop Forum Spam, and AbuseIPDB and incoming connections are spotted. In some cases, an IP geolocation API query for an IP address would reveal connected domains. An example of this is the top 19 malicious IP address 193[.]70[.]12[.]219. According to IP Geolocation API, it resolves to the domain ns3061461[.]ip-193-70-12[.]eu. We searched for more information on the said domain and found that it was marked “suspicious” by VirusTotal by one engine. --- As the two use cases showed, phishing attacks are stoppable with the help of early detection aided by IP Geolocation API and Data Feed. Malicious IP addresses can come in hundreds of thousands per day. And it’s just not possible to screen all incoming network connections manually. But as we’ve shown, IP Geolocation Data Feed or API integration into security systems can help cybersecurity teams prioritize alerts and thwart phishing and other attacks before these can cause nearly irreparable harm. --- Non-hyperlinked data sources: Try our IP Geolocation API free of charge Request type*SalesTechnical SupportAccount issuesGeneral Or shoot us an email to IP Geolocation uses cookies to provide you with the best user experience on our website. They also help us understand how our site is being used. Find out more here . By continuing to use our site you consent to the use of cookies.How to Locate and Stop Phishing Threats Using IP Geolocation While phishing is no longer a new thing, it remains a huge threat to organizations worldwide as these statistics show: Phishing accounts for more than 80% of the total number of reported security incidents, and victims lose as much as $17,700 per minute due to the threat.Targets open almost 30% of phishing emails .In 2019, around 33% of data breaches involved phishing or some form of social engineering. As many as 65% of targeted attack groups accomplish their goals via spear-phishing emails.Around 56% of decision-makers believe that phishing is a top security threat.Almost 1.5 million phishing sites are created each month. Each user can receive as many as 16 phishing emails each month.A medium-sized company could lose as much as $1.6 million to a successful phishing attack. The data presented above are just some of the reasons why companies, regardless of size, need to stay protected from probably one of the oldest yet still active threats—phishing. This post features an oft-unused means by cybersecurity teams to effectively stop phishing threats— IP geolocation . 4 Ways Cybersecurity Teams Can Use IP Geolocation API’s Data to Stop Phishing Threats IP Geolocation API identifies the geographic location of any user given his/her IP address. While many cybersecurity teams may not often use it as a means to stop phishing threats, integrating the API into existing security solutions may help. Here’s how: 1. Keep Phishing Emails Out of Employees’ Inboxes Phishing emails are a dime a dozen. Phishers are known for using up-to-date and relevant social engineering lures to get potential victims into divulging personally identifiable information (PII), including their online account credentials. And once they have those at hand, they’re just a step away from stealing their victims’ savings or getting access to their corporate accounts. The latter, of course, provides more significant payouts to phishers. That is why it is good security practice to keep an eye on the IP addresses of all entities your company does business with. Integrating IP Geolocation API into your email security solution can alert you to unknown IP addresses that can quickly turn into threat sources. Let’s say, for example, that one of your employees is alerted to an alleged email from your bank (e.g., Chase Bank) concerning a company loan payment. That message came from the IP address 50[.]63[.]202[.]39. A check against your authorized list of IP addresses or whitelist may confirm if it is trustworthy. An IP Geolocation API-enhanced email security solution can at least alert the recipient about the message. You can also run it through the IP Geolocation API for further scrutiny to double check that you’re not blocking one of your bank’s IP addresses. Our API query revealed that 50[.]63[.]202[.]39 is not connected to Chase Bank. Instead, it has ties to several domains including quesocaciquedip[.]mobi, qualityleadflow[.]com, quippacapital[.]com, quesoholics[.]com, and qualitykitchensnbaths[.]net. A Web search for it also showed that it has been reported for varying malicious activities eight times . 2. Avoid Business Dealings with Fraudsters A good business is one that protects not only its assets but also its clients. After all, you can’t maintain customer loyalty if phishers can easily exploit your websites to steal from your customers. Take an e-commerce business as an example. We’ve seen phishers who managed to obtain victims’ credit card details use these for card-not-present (CNP) fraud . Companies that employ IP geolocation checks before concluding online transactions can avoid this threat. A simple comparison of the cardholder’s geographical location while making a purchase with that on record may put an end to an incident. That way, the e-commerce platform not only saves the customer from paying for something a fraudster ordered but also gains that client’s trust. 3. Prevent Your Company from Becoming an Invoice Scam Victim There are various types of phishing, one of which is business email compromise (BEC). BEC attackers typically use fake invoices to steal money from target companies. They generally pose as a supplier, often even hijacking ongoing email threads to provide a semblance of legitimacy to their scams. Let’s say, hypothetically, that your manufacturing company obtains many of its raw materials via a large online supplier called AmazingSupplies. But since you’re a returning customer, AmazingSupplies bills you each month instead of per order. That said, your finance department gets an invoice monthly. While processing invoices for the past month, a finance staff member was alerted to a suspicious invoice email. The sender’s IP address 185[.]120[.]221[.]28 didn’t match any of those that the supplier owns. The right way to go about this is to validate his suspicion.And there’s a quick means to do that is by running an IP Geolocation API query for the IP address in question. As it turns out, the user of 185[.]120[.]221[.]28 is based in Tehran, Iran. AmazingSupplies, on the other hand, typically uses U.S.-based IP addresses. And as a well-established entity, the online supplier probably doesn’t use IP addresses shared with other domains — unlike the IP address cited, which shows a list of connected domains in the below screenshot. A Web search (enclosed in quotation marks, so you don’t accidentally access a suspicious site) for the IP address also revealed that it had been reported as malicious more than 1,300 times . Therefore, it would be safe to assume that the address doesn’t belong to AmazingSupplies and is malicious, so it should be blocked. In this case, a check via IP Geolocation API just saved your company from paying phishers a potentially large sum. 4. Create a Phisher’s Profile An IP address can reveal more about a user than just their geographical location. When queried through IP Geolocation API, you can also get a list of connected domains, its registrar, and connection type. When investigating a phishing attempt or attack, that information may prove useful. Let’s say that you were the recent target of a phishing attempt that your security team thankfully averted. But all the analysts obtained was the phisher’s IP address—50[.]63[.]202[.]55. You no longer want to suffer the same fate in the future, of course, and so you decide to find out more about the attacker. You can start by querying the IP address on IP Geolocation API. The results revealed that it has ties to the domains quickstartmagento[.]com, quesopanyvinoonline[.]com, qualitylaundrykc[.]org, quarkbomb[.]net, and quarkcandy[.]com. You can create a profile of your phisher to identify other potential threat sources given that information. You can obtain the domains’ owner information via WHOIS lookups and proceed from there. If any of the domains or their owners prove malicious, add them to your blocklist, too. --- When dealing with fraudsters and cybercriminals, IP geolocation data can be a handy resource for cybersecurity teams who want to eliminate phishing threats. Access full information on a given IP address Request type*SalesTechnical SupportAccount issuesGeneral Or shoot us an email to IP Geolocation uses cookies to provide you with the best user experience on our website. They also help us understand how our site is being used. Find out more here . By continuing to use our site you consent to the use of cookies.