Privacy Policy Effectiv e date: August 13, 2018 UnitedCloud Inc ("us", "we", or "our") operates the UC Softphone mobile application (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the coll ection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. e use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy . Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Pol icy the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same mea nings as in our erms and Conditions. What Information e Collect or Pr ocess UnitedCloud Inc processes and in certain situations coll ects personal information as needed to deliver its Products and Services and manage its busines s. Whe n collecting personal information, UnitedCloud Inc does so in a reasonable and lawful man ner The types of information and the purposes for which Un itedCloud Inc collects or processes personal information may include: Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP , Postal code, City Cookies and Usage Data Contact email address’ Usage Data e may also collect information that your browser sends w henever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile dev ice ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of ou r Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When you access the Service by or through a mobile de vice, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, y our mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, th e type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Indirect End User Phone Contact Information (Personal Identifiable Information) UnitedCloud Inc acts as a data processor with regard to indirect end-user personal identifiable information and our Clients act as the data controller of such data. In the course of UnitedCloud Inc’ processing and protection of such data, all use will be in conformity with the data controller instructions. Specifically , only when enabled via system permission on UC Softphone Android and UC Softphone iOS, UnitedCloud Inc shows personal contacts within the respective application. When the user sends an SMS message to one of his/her phone contacts, or when the user initiates a call to one of his/her phone contacts, the phone number is sent securely through UnitedCloud Inc’ API. UnitedCloud Inc does not store this number with any other PII, and it cannot be directly or indirectly attributed to any person or persons; UnitedCloud Inc stores only the phone number and pertinent metadata so as to be compliant with all applicable state and federal laws, and UnitedCloud Inc does not share this data with any advertisers or third parties under any circumstances. user can revoke phone contact access on his/her mobile device at any time, and his/her app experience is not hindered or interrupted. UC Softphone Android and iOS also uses Gravatar , only when enabled via Settings and UIConfigs, which is a service that provides avatar images linked to the MD5 hash of the user s email address. This means that, only when Gravatar use is enabled, we hash each contact’ s email address and send it to Gravatar to try and retrieve an avatar image. MD5 hashes cannot be directly or indirectly attributed to any person or persons, and we only send the MD5 hash to Gravatar , never the email address in plain text. As with phone contacts, a user can revoke Gravatar access at any time in Settings or via UIConfig, and his/her app experience is not hindered or interrupted. racking & Cookies Data e use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data that may i nclude an anonymous unique identifier Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and sto red on your device. racking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and tra ck information and to improve and analyze our Service. ou can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indi cate when a cookie is being sent. However , if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies. - e use Session Cookies to operate our Service Preference Cookies. - e use Preference Cookies to remember yo ur preferences and various settings. Security Cookies.- e use Security Cookies for security purposes Use of Data UnitedCloud Inc uses the collected data for various purp oses: o provide and maintain the Service o notify you about changes to our Service o allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to d o so o provide customer care and support o provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service T monitor the usage of the Service o detect, prevent and address technical issues ransfer Of Data our information, including Personal Data, may be transferre d to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country , or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may dif fer than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Canada an d process it there. our consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submis sion of such information represents your agreement to that transfer UnitedCloud Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transf er of your Personal Data will take place to an organiz ation or a country unless there are adequate controls in p lace including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosur e Of Data Legal Requirements UnitedCloud Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: o comply with a legal obligation o protect and defend the rights or property of UnitedCloud Inc o prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service T protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public o protect against legal liability Security Of Data The security of your data is important to us, but rememb er that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure . While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Persona l Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security Service Pr oviders e may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to per form Service-related services, or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data on ly to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpo se. Analytics e may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service of fered by Google that trac ks and reports website traffic. G oogle uses the data collected to track and monitor the u se of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network For more information on the privacy practices of Googl e, please visit the Google Privacy & erms web page. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Childre n's Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 1 8 ("Children"). e do not knowingly collect personally identifiable inform ation from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Childre n has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected P ersonal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that informati on from our servers. Changes o This Privacy Policy e may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. e will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. e will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming ef fective and update the "ef fective date" at the top of this Priv acy Policy ou are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically fo r any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are ef fective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us: By email: support@unitedcloud.ca