Privacy Policy for IPVanish Site & Services This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 30, 2022 We believe everyone has the right to digital privacy. Along with digital privacy, consumers also have the right to transparency. Because you are entrusting us with your data, we believe it is even more important that we are transparent with you regarding what information we collect, how it is collected, from where it is collected, and why it is necessary to collect. We wrote this privacy policy with you in mind, attempting our best to provide a comprehensive yet easy to understand document. The short version IPVanish does not collect, monitor, or log your browsing activity , such as what websites you went on, when connected to the VPN Service.We collect aggregated and anonymous performance data to improve functionality and product performance, diagnose crashes, identify bugs, and optimize server performance. This aggregated and anonymous data does not include IP address, connection time stamps, or DNS inquiries.Our goal is to collect and retain the least amount of data. However we have to collect and retain some data, such as email address and billing information, which allows for you to continue using the VPN service. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.You have the right to request, review, and request deletion of your personal data. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the information that is collected you may reach out to our support team or make a privacy request via https://dsar.ipvanish.com . Table of Contents: A. This Policy This Policy explains how we collect and store (“ Process ”) Personal Data. The Policy applies to the information we collect about visitors (the “ you ”) to www.ipvanish.com (the “ Site “) and subscribers (the “ you ”) to the IPVanish VPN service (the “ Services ” and “ App ”), which are owned and operated by IPVanish (“ Company ”, “ we ”, “ us ” and “ our ”). For the purposes of this Policy, Company is the Controller. Terms used in this Policy are explained in Section I below. From time to time, we may change or update this Policy, without prior notice to you. Your continued use of the Site or Services constitutes your acceptance of the then-effective Policy. Our Terms of Service, including their limitation on liability, apply to this Policy. You can read them here . If you have any questions regarding this Policy, the information that is collected, or GDPR request, contact details are provided in Section N below. B. Collection and Creation of Personal Data We collect Personal Data: directly from you, through the use of the Site, and through the use of the Apps. How we obtain personal data: You: This data is collected when you fill out a form on our website; subscribe to the VPN Service; when you contact us via email, chat, telephone, social media platforms, or by any other means; when you publicly submit reviews on forums, review platforms, or any other means. Our Sites: This data is collected when you visit any of our Sites, our partner and affiliate sites, or interact with our advertisements. Our App: This data is collected when you download, install, or use our Apps. Why we obtain personal data: Provisioning of Services. To create your account, collect payment for our Services, verify your identity when you log into the Site, and administer accounts. Operating and Improving the Site. To better understand how our Site is found, how visitors engage with our Site, provide visitors with relevant content or advertisements, identify issues with our Site, plan improvements to our Site or to create new Sites. Operating and Improving the App. To identify Service performance issues, improve App performance, fix bugs, plan improvements to our App or to create new Apps. Communications. To send you information about industry news, product updates, changes to any of our Sites or Apps, to send you offers made available by us, our affiliates, or our marketing partners and to respond to your requests for help and technical assistance. We may also create Personal Data about you, such as records of your interactions with our customer service department or details of your payments to us. C. Categories of Personal Data You are not required to provide any personal data to browse our Site. If you wish to subscribe to our Services, you will need to provide an active email address and billing information. We may Process the following categories of Personal Data about you: The Site: We process aggregated anonymous personal data from Site visitors using cookies, pixels, and similar technologies, such as Google Analytics. See our Cookie policy for the complete list of cookies.Depending on your browser privacy settings the aggregated anonymous data may include: browser type, device type, operating system, average time spent on our site, pages visited on the site, interactions with our content or advertising, gender, age, language preference, and country . The focus of this data collection is to improve our Site performance and provide you with the best browsing experience. Our Cookie policy explains how to disable cookies to browse our Site without submitting any personal information. The Service: In order to subscribe to our Services you must first create an account. This will result in us creating a purchase history for the purpose of maintaining an active subscription to the Service. Depending on your purchase origin (website, Google Play Store, Apple App Store) and chosen payment method (credit card, PayPal, etc) the data collected may include: email address, name, billing address, credit card information, IP address, and affiliate tracking data. We will only use this information to process payments, and detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. We do keep a historical record of credit card charges for accounting purposes. Once you have created an account, this personal information can be modified by you at any time through your Account Control Panel . The App: We process aggregated anonymous data to improve the quality of our Apps and Services. The data collected may include: User’s language preference, device brand, device model, OS version, country, crash reports, session lengths, server usage, protocol, build version, UI interactions, API requests and response codes, and app build version . Our VPN applications utilize analytics tools , such as FireBase and App Center, to gather and report performance data anonymously. We respect the privacy of our customers and only use this aggregated anonymous data to diagnose crashes, identify bugs, optimize server performance, and provide you with the best App experience. The client apps themselves do maintain connection logs which are stored as diagnostic files on your device. Diagnostic connection files are made available solely for the purpose to assist with troubleshooting. The macOS and iOS app diagnostic logs are disabled by default, so if you require assistance where diagnostic logs are necessary, the support team may ask you to enable the setting. We do NOT have access to the connection logs unless provided by you, the user, to our support team through a diagnostic file. If for any reason you need to submit a diagnostic file to our support team you may modify the file and remove any personal data and/or request for the file to be redacted from the support interaction. D. Email Communications As a service provider we send transactional and promotional emails. Transactional emails are necessary to ensure continuation of services and include account activation, billing, password, and support related communications. You may also receive promotional emails about privacy & security industry news, service updates, product updates, feature releases, and other information we think may interest you. We use third-party services to assist us with email communications. Transactional emails include the following: Account activation – After a successful completion of purchase you will receive an email address verification email which is necessary to activate your VPN Service subscription. Upon confirming your email you will receive an additional email with your subscription details. Payment warning and failure – These emails inform you when there is a problem with your payment method and advise on how to prevent service interruption. Account cancellation – This email confirms your cancellation request and explains how to reactivate your account, if you wish to. Account termination – This email confirms that your IPVanish account has completed termination and explains how to reactivate your account, if you wish to. Password reset – This email provides a unique password-reset link and instructs how to complete your password reset. New password – This email confirms your password reset and explains how to change your password in the future, if you wish to. Customer Support – If, for any reason, you reach out to customer support, we may use emails to communicate with you, follow up from a call-in support inquiry and send chat transcripts. This will result in us creating a support history for the purpose of improving our Services. Promotional emails include the following: Product – All new subscribers to IPVanish receive product awareness emails. These emails offer application tips and helpful hints to IPVanish account holders who may be unfamiliar with the benefits and inner-workings of a VPN. Other – Additional promotional emails you may receive from us include industry related news, special offers, surveys, feedback requests, new feature releases, and service updates.Unsubscribing From Promotional Emails You may unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every promotional email we send. We will not send you promotional emails from a list you have unsubscribed from, but we may continue to contact you, if necessary, for the purposes of continuation of the Service or from additional lists you have signed up under. E. Sensitive Personal Data We respect your privacy and do not seek to collect or otherwise Process your Sensitive Personal Data. If we ever need to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we would do so in accordance with applicable law. F. Purposes of Processing Data We may Process your Personal Data for the following purposes: Provision of services: providing our Sites, Apps and services to you, as well as operating, managing and improving our Sites and our Apps, providing content through them to you, maintaining and improving them, and notifying you of changes to them.Communications: communicating with you by any means you have provided to usAdministrative matters: processing to support sales, finance, corporate audits, vendor management, legal compliance, and preventing and investigating breaches of policy or law. Security: helping secure your Personal Data,Legal proceedings: establishing, exercising or defending legal rights. G. Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data We may rely on the following legal bases for Processing your Personal Data: Consent: We may Process your Personal Data where we have obtained your prior, express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);Contractual necessity: We Process your Personal Data where the Processing is necessary in connection with providing contracted-for VPN services to you;Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Personal Data where the Processing is required by applicable law; H. Tools and Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties We use third-party services to assist us with processing payments, fraud detection, improving website performance, app crash information, and email communications. These service providers receive only the information needed to perform their designated functions, and are not permitted to use the information for their own marketing, advertising or research purposes. We do not sell personal information to third parties. Additional information on the third-party tools can be found in the tables listed here . We closely review any third party requests we receive for customer information. Since we do not collect, monitor or log your browsing activity, we do not have logs of your browsing activity to provide in response to third party requests. We cannot provide information that we do not have, and we otherwise provide information only when we are legally required to. I. Definitions “App” means any application made available by us (including where we make such applications available via third party stores or marketplaces, or by any other means).“Cookie” means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies such as web beacons and clear GIFs.“Controller” means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data are Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws. “Data Protection Authority” means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.“EEA” means the European Economic Area.“Personal Data” means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual. “Process”, “Processing” or “Processed” means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.“Processor” means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).“Sensitive Personal Data” includes data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.“Standard Contractual Clauses” means template transfer clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a Data Protection Authority and approved by the European Commission. “Site” means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf. J. Data Security We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your Personal Data. In the workplace: We use appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access. All of our employees are kept up-to-date on these best practices. In addition, we restrict employee access to service administrative panels to only those who require such access in order to perform their job functions. On the internet: We seek to safeguard your data. Where appropriate, we use encryption, access controls, passwords, and physical security measures to protect the information we collect and maintain about you against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted using the internet. K. Data Minimization and Retention We take every reasonable step to limit the volume and minimize the retention period of the Personal Data that we Process. L. Data Accuracy We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate, up-to-date, and erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies. M. Your Legal Rights Your Rights With Respect to Your Personal Information Many privacy regulations afford consumers a number of specific rights. The EU, Brazil, California, and several other U.S. states grant specific rights to people living under their jurisdiction. Your rights: Right to Withdraw Consent : Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Right to Know: You have a right to know what personal information we collect, process, and share or sell. This policy is meant to provide transparency with regard to your data. If you have additional questions, you can email us at privacy@ziffdavis.com . Right of Access : You can request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you from us. Right to Delete/Erase : You can request us to delete all the information we have collected about you. It is important to note that by exercising your right to deletion you may lose access to your account and any purchases, points or features associated with it. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use some or all of your information to provide you services, contact us at privacy@ipvanish.com. Right to Request Rectification : If you find that any of your information that we are processing is inaccurate, you can contact us to have your information corrected. In response, we will cancel or remove your information but may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. For certain requests, we may require additional information. Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing for Targeted Ads : You have the right to refuse to have your data sold or shared. We confirm we have not sold or shared consumer data in the last 12 months, nor do we currently. If you have additional questions you can contact us at privacy@ipvanish.com. Right to Object to the Processing : You can object to our processing of your personal information via our privacy portal, under certain circumstances. By objecting to processing, you may not be able to access some or all of our services. This right is limited to personal data processed for commercial purposes. Right to Object to the Use of Sensitive Personal Information : You have the right to object to our use of your sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information is information about your health, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, political opinions or philosophical beliefs.You should always be mindful about the personal information you share online, especially when it is sensitive in nature. Right to Object to Automated Processing: You have a right to object to the processing of your data for the purposes of automated decision making about you. Right to not be Discriminated Against: You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights. Right to Withdraw Consent : Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. In order to make privacy requests please visit our Privacy Portal and fill out the form. You can also email us at privacy@ipvanish.com . Our contact information can be found in the “Contact Details” section below. You may be required to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights. If you are making a request on behalf of a user, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer. N. Contact Details and EU Representative Please contact us using the web form at http://dsar.ipvanish.com to submit a Data Subject Access Request; to submit a Data Subject Erasure Request; to exercise other rights regarding your data; to provide any comments, questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy; or to raise any other issues regarding the Processing of Personal Data carried out by us. Your request will be routed to our privacy team. You may also contact us as follows: IPVanish114 5th Avenue, 15th FloorNew York, NY 10011Attn: Legal Department privacy@ipvanish.com Our Data Protection Officer may be contacted at dpo@ipvanish.com . The Company has also appointed J2 Global Ireland Limited as its representative in the European Union pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR. Our Representative’s address is: J2 Global Ireland Limited Unit 3.1, Woodford Business Park Santry, Dublin Ireland O. International transfer of Personal Data To provide you with the Services under your contract, it is necessary for us to store, process and transmit your personal data in the United States and other locations around the world. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. When we process the data within our group, regardless of where we are, we have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data will remain protected in accordance with European Union data protection laws. These safeguards include the Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers to our non-EEA entities. Where we use third parties which process your personal data internationally, we have implemented similar appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this privacy policy. P. California Consumer Rights Metrics Pursuant to the California privacy regulations, our consumer rights metrics can be found on our Regulatory Information Site . As part of our initiative to increase transparency you may find the old privacy policy here. © 2019–2023 IPVanish, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. IPVanish is a registered trademark of IPVanish. "WireGuard" is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld. Scroll to TopPrivacy Policy Statement Effective date of Current Policy 10/26/2021 USI Technologies, INC. (“UpSellit”) is a marketing technology and automation platform and service. We help online retailers (“Clients”, “Partners”, “Merchants”) increase engagement and online sales from their website visitors (“Users”) via a suite of conversion optimization technologies (“Technology”). UpSellit is a third-party data processor that collects, stores, and uses data as determined by its Partners (“Data Controllers”). The legal basis for processing such data and the retention period is determined by our Clients and legal frameworks within respective regions (CCPA, GDPR, CAN-SPAM, CASL, ET. AL).This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect through our Technology and services (“Services”), including the dashboard for our Clients to utilize or manage their campaigns and our Services (“Dashboard”), and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@upsellit.com.Where UpSellit is a data controller (e.g. web form submissions on upsellit.com domain properties) the legal basis will be both legitimate interest (e.g., where we have evaluated that our interests are not overridden by Users’ fundamental rights) and consent depending on the type of information subject to processing and the information we receive. This privacy policy is available for review at the moment of data collection for users' consideration. If you do not agree with our privacy policy, do not use the marketing engagement. By submitting any personal information to the marketing engagement, you agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy statement. NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVE This Notice of Financial Incentive ("Notice") is to provide you with information regarding any financial incentive or “price or service difference” that we may provide in exchange for your personal information. All terms are used in this Notice as defined in the CCPA and similar regulations. In order to receive financial incentives, or price or service differences from our Merchants, you may provide personal information from time to time. You can opt-in to the financial incentive, or price or service difference, by submitting the personal information requested at the point of collection. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, email address, phone number, IP address, device type, active browser, among other Personally Identifiable Information (PII) we collect on behalf of Merchants for marketing purposes. The amount or nature of the financial incentive, or price or service difference, will be specified at the point of collection that presents the opportunity to redeem financial incentive in exchange for your personal information. You have a right to opt-out of financial incentives at any time. To exercise your right, please review our Privacy Policy and use the contact information found in the Policy to submit a request. The level of service and experience you receive lies with Merchants and we assume no responsibility for services, or lack thereof, you experience with Merchants beyond the extent permitted by our Privacy Policy, business relationship with Merchant, and initial financial incentive offer. Each financial incentive, or price or service difference, related to submission and PII is based upon each Merchant’s reasonable but sole determination of the estimated value of such information. We do not assign a monetary value to the data that we collect and strive to only use that information to further our business in accordance with our Privacy Policy; to the extent that we are required to assign a monetary value to your personal information it is equal to the value of the discount or financial incentive that is provided to you by Merchants at the point of collection. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION UpSellit collects and uses both Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") and Personal Data to provide certain services and quality measures that enhance the shopping experience for Users on Merchant websites.PII is information that may be used to identify an individual. For example, UpSellit may collect Users’ contact information such as their name, email address, and phone number from Merchants that collect it via online forms. UpSellit generally does not collect PII unless it is provided to us. UpSellit uses this data as directed by Merchants. UpSellit’s Technology may access this data automatically as each data point is entered by Users into a particular web form in accordance with applicable law.UpSellit also collects Personal Data such as a User’s IP address, cookies, and type of browser and operating system. UpSellit generally only uses this information for troubleshooting technical issues. In addition, UpSellit regularly deletes old Personal Data including PII.UpSellit can also convert PII to Pseudonymous Data at a Merchant's request.The information we collect is specified by Merchants we contract with. We are the third-party processors ("Data Processor") and as the Data Processor we are authorized to collect on behalf of Data Controllers. You can request more information on the information being collected, how it is used, where it is stored, and to have it deleted at any time by emailing hello@upsellit.com. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION UpSellit does not disclose, store, or share end user PII or Pseudonymous information with sites or apps other than the Data Controller requesting data collection and processing for their specific marketing purposes. UpSellit uses information it collects to provide marketing services and engagements on behalf of Merchants, to better understand users on behalf of Merchants, to provide better product recommendations, services, and experiences on behalf of Merchants, and other purposes deemed necessary or required by Merchants to enforce the Terms of Use and other terms or conditions applicable to any portion of the site. COOKIES AND IP ADDRESSES We also collect pseudonymous information via the Merchant’s website to help us administer the marketing engagements and to compile statistics such as the number of visitors. The information collected includes, but is not limited to, the name of your internet service provider, the IP address of the computer or device you are using, the type of browser and operating system that you use, the date and time you access the Merchant’s websites, the website referrer address and other log file information. Our marketing engagements use cookies to identify you over multiple visits to the site, for example to remember your country and provide country-specific content. UpSellit does not use third-party cookies. Rather than third-party cookies, UpSellit uses first-party javascript cookies that live and stay on Merchants' domain properties. Cookies are optional, and you can block or delete them at any time. However, some parts of our marketing engagements will not work without cookies. Cookies may also be used to track visitor behavior on the website, which allows visitors to receive personalized marketing engagements that reflects their past behavior on Merchant sites. TEXT MESSAGE (“SMS”) MARKETING By providing your contact information you provide clear, expressed consent to receiving information on products, sales, and promotions regarding our Merchant’s product or services via SMS . Consent is not a requirement to the purchase of goods or services. You may opt-out at any time by replying "STOP" to any message that you receive and you may request additional assistance by replying "HELP". After opting out, you may again opt-in to receiving communications by replying START. You may receive 5 messages per month, however the exact amount will be determined by the Merchant. AGGREGATION AND USE OF ANONYMOUS DATA We reserve the right to aggregate information collected from visitors to our Client’s websites to create anonymous statistical and demographic data. The anonymous data is collected and reviewed to help UpSellit and its Clients better understand Users. The anonymous data may be published and shared through reports, case studies, and similar mediums, but never in such a fashion as to reveal PII or other highly personal or confidential information. UpSellit’s domain properties collect pseudonymous information with use of Google Analytics platforms. For more information about how Google Analytics processes your data please visit DATA SHARING UpSellit does not disclose, share, or sell personal information it collects through Users’ use of Merchants’ websites with unaffiliated third parties. On occasion, UpSellit may offer in conjunction with Affiliate Networks, Affiliate Agencies, or other third parties certain services that may require you to share your personal information with that third party as a condition for receiving that service. While UpSellit will treat any information it receives in accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement, UpSellit will not be responsible for the information submitted by you to that third party, and we remind you to review the applicable rules and any third party applicable Privacy Policies separately before participating in such services. Third party vendors may also use cookies to serve digital ads based on a person’s past visits to the UpSellit site. DECLINING INFORMATION You can opt out of receiving UpSellit marketing messages; see the Accept/Decline section below. Please note that it may take us a reasonable amount of time to process your request and take action in accordance with the timeframes allowed with varying regional Data & Privacy Legislations.Please note, if you decline to receive further information or cancel your account with a Merchant, UpSellit reserves the right to use the information you previously provided to provide you with products and services you are eligible to receive. Additionally, UpSellit reserves the right to contact you about administrative matters relating to your use of any portion of the site, your account, or about any issues relating to the Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or any other policy then in-effect. ACCEPT/DECLINE Typically you accept to receive communications when you submit information to a marketing engagement. If you wish to remove your information from the site database and no longer want to receive future communications, you may do so through the methods described below. UpSellit can honor a request to correct or delete data within 24 hours of the request that such action is desired. You can send an email to hello@upsellit.com for assistance in deleting/changing your prior selections.If you no longer want to receive future communications, you can click the ‘unsubscribe’ button located in the footer of UpSellit’s emails.If you wish to remove your information from the site database, you can click the ‘delete my data’ button located in the footer of UpSellit’s emails. UPSELLIT LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND ADVERTISING This site may display advertisements and/or links to third parties. UpSellit is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Please refer to that company's privacy policy for further information. SURVEYS From time to time UpSellit may make online surveys available to users of the site. Participation in those surveys is voluntary. Some online surveys may ask participants for personal information, such as an email address, in addition to requesting answers to survey questions. UpSellit may use that personal information to contact the participant if necessary, or as otherwise described above. UpSellit may make the results of any survey publicly available, although UpSellit will not attribute any particular response to you without your permission. CHILDREN We do not wish to receive data from children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the sites their children visit. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, UpSellit’s website by visitors under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. For sites that are intended for use by children we have put in place additional privacy practices which are described on those sites. GENERAL ISSUES Generally speaking, this site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. No security measures are 100% effective and UpSellit does not warrant the security of your personal information. Since the site under general usage does not collect financial information, UpSellit uses the standard internet connections for those general usage portions of the site, without secured sockets. SPECIFIC SERVICES This site may provide certain additional, optional services that may use additional security measures to protect the information, such as financial information, provided by you to obtain the service. Those additional security measures may vary, depending upon the particular service offered. You will be informed of any specific security measures at the time you register for a particular service. Please review that information for further detail. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY If and when UpSellit makes changes to this site and its products and services, UpSellit may have to update this Privacy Policy Statement to better reflect those changes. Because changes to this site or updates to this Privacy Policy Statement may occur, you should review this Privacy Policy Statement from time to time. Remember, your decision to continue using this site after this Privacy Policy Statement is updated will signify that you have agreed to any new terms. RETRIEVE / CORRECT / DELETE / DO NOT SELL DATA UpSellit gives users the following option for changing, modifying, deleting, or preventing the sale of information previously provided. You can send an email to hello@upsellit.com for assistance in retrieving, correcting, deleting, or preventing the sale of your prior selections. CONTACTING THE WEB SITE If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact the Manager at the following address and email: Manager, Website Strategy & Operations USI Technologies, Inc.9854 National Blvd #1260 Los Angeles, CA 90034U.S.A NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS Please note that the information you enter on the site or otherwise provide to UpSellit, or its subsidiaries or divisions, may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area, for purposes of processing, by UpSellit, a company located in Camarillo, California, U.S.A., or its subsidiaries or UpSellit's subsidiaries or divisions, or authorized partners, located worldwide, in order to provide this site and its services to you. You are advised that the United States uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. You are further advised that the Council of the European Union has found that this model does not provide "adequate" privacy protections as contemplated by Article 25 of the European Union's Data Directive. (Directive 95/46/EC, 1995 O.J. (L 281) 31) UpSellit maintains full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Article 44 GDPR allows for transfer of personal data to a third country or to an international organization if the provisions of GDPR are complied with by the data controller and processor. By agreeing to this Policy, you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States and the processing of that information as described in this Policy NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA USERS Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) brings about five new rights to users and their data. Each right gives users more control over their own personal information, as well as the power to retrieve, delete, or prevent its sale at any time. The five new privacy rights protected are as follows: (1) the right to know what personal information is being collected, (2) the right to know whether personal information is being sold or disclosed and to whom, (3) the right to say no to the sale of personal information, (4) the right to access personal information and delete the information upon request, (5) the right to equal service and price, even if users exercise their privacy rights. California Employees and Job Applicants Per CCPA, job applicants and employees reserve the same rights as consumers, listed above. Employees, to learn more or exercise your rights, please visit Insperity.Applicants, we do not store the information you provided to us. However, our email service provider stores email conversations regarding the job application, interview, etc. If you'd like to ensure those communications are deleted, please email us at hello@upsellit.com with your request. Refer-A-Friend Programs UpSellit has created these Terms & Conditions in order to inform you of our policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by UpSellit when you participate in Refer a Friend programs hosted by UpSellit for merchants. UpSellit’s partner websites may contain additional terms and policies separate from UpSellit for which it is your responsibility to also read and understand the terms should you object to any provisions or reasonings with how your data is collected, stored, or used for marketing purposes. Your visits to those sites will be governed by the privacy policies, if any, that govern those sites. PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS BEFORE PARTICIPATING IN THIS REFERRAL PROGRAM AND MARKETING ENGAGEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR TERMS, DO NOT PARTICIPATE. BY SUBMITTING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE MARKETING ENGAGEMENT, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PROGRAM. 1. Terms and Conditions 1.1. UpSellit ("we" or "UpSellit") offers customers ("you" or "Referrers") ofretailers ("the Merchant") the opportunity to refer friends (“Friends”) to try the Merchant's goods or services ("Merchant's Services") ("UpSellit Referral Program" or "Program").1.2. These terms apply to individuals who are accessing or using the Program both as a referrer (“Referrer”) and a friend (“Friend”) referred to the Merchant's Services.1.3. By participating in the Program, Referrers and Friends agree to use the Program in the manner specified in, and are bound by, these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions in their entirety you are not authorized to register as an Referrer or Friend or participate in the Program in any manner. 1.4. We reserve the right to modify or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time. You may terminate this Agreement if you do not wish to be bound by any such amendments but by continuing to use our website or the Program you will be deemed to have accepted the new terms. 2. Referrals and Rewards 2.1. Each Merchant's programs offer unique ways for Referrers and Friends to participate in programs. Offers may be subject to minimum spend depending on unique terms of Program.2.2. There are limits in place on how many and how frequently referrals can be made by any single referrer.Rewards may not be given if those limits are exceeded.2.3. To participate in the promotion, customers must have a unique valid promotional code. Each unique valid promotional code is limited to one use only. 2.4. The promotion is only available to US residents.2.5. Rewards must be claimed before the expiration of codes, if applicable.2.6.Merchant reserves the right to refuse the issue of any reward to any Referred Friend or Referrer at any time.2.7.Merchant reserves the right to vary any and all elements of this offer at any time without notice.2.8.Merchant reserves the right, at their sole discretion, to prevent any individual from participating in this or future promotions. 2.9. Referral credit cannot be applied to previous purchases, and is not redeemable for cash.2.10. This referral program is subject to modification or termination at any time without notice in our sole discretion.2.11. For “Gift with Purchase” promotions, Merchant does not guarantee which item will be gifted. Limited quantities available and offer is while supplies last.2.12. Gift cannot be exchanged or returned for refund, and will not be replaced if misplaced, lost or stolen. If the purchase is returned, then the Gift must also be returned. If the Gift has already been shipped to a customer who wishes to make a return, then the customer must either ship the Gift back to Merchant or the ARV of the Gift will be deducted from the return credit. 2.13. Both Referral and Gift Promotions cannot be combined with other offers. Purchases are limited to one promotion code at a time. 3. Data Processing 3.1. Merchant ("Data Controller" permits UpSellit to collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) data including, but not limited to, name, email address, and IP Address, in order to successfully manage the referral program.3.2. UpSellit will collect, process and store PII in a matter dictated by Merchant's program requirements.3.3. Merchant is the data controller of the Program and UpSellit is the third-party processor of the data authorized to be collected by Data Controller. UpSellit collects PII deemed necessary by Merchant to manage the referral program. 3.4. UpSellit shall implement security provisions that are equivalent to or exceed those of UpSellit to protectMerchant’s PII. 4. Removal from Referral Program 4.1. If Referrer or Friend wishes to be removed from the referral program, they can do so by contacting:hello@upsellit.com. 5. Disclaimer of Warranties 5.1 Users expressly understand and agree that: (a) your use of the program is at your sole risk, the program is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and the company expressly disclaims all warranties, conditions and terms (collectively, "promises") of any kind, whether express or implied by statute, common law or custom, including, but not limited to, warranties as to products or services offered through the use of the program, implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement; (b) the company makes and gives no warranty that (i) the program will meet your requirements, (ii) be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results obtained from the use of the program will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material obtained by you through the program will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the service will be corrected; and (c) any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the program is accessed at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss of data that results from the download or use of any such material. 6.Conduct If a solution cannot be found to restore the integrity of the Program after the occurrence of prohibited conduct, we reserve the right to cancel, change, or suspend the Program. 6.1 PROHIBITED CONDUCT, GENERALLY Users agree not to use the Program to: · Violate applicable law; · Infringe the intellectual property rights of the Merchant, its Service Provider or any third parties; · Stalk, harass, or harm another individual; · Collect or store personal data about other Users; · Impersonate any person or otherwise misrepresent User's identity; · Interfere with, disrupt or violate the Terms and Conditions or servers or networks connected to the Program; or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such networks; · Interfere with another User's use of the Program; · Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Program, other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Program; · Transmit any file that contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other contaminating or destructive features; · Conduct any illegal activity or solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes the rights of others; · Resell, barter, trade, auction or otherwise generate income by providing access to the Program to others 6.2 BULK DISTRIBUTION (“SPAM”) Bulk email distribution, distribution to strangers, or any other promotion of a Personal Link in a manner that would constitute or appear to constitute unsolicited commercial email or “spam” in the Company's sole discretion is expressly prohibited and may be grounds for immediate termination of the Referrer’s account and deactivation of the Personal Link. We have a zero tolerance spam policy. The Merchant or UpSellit may choose to block any email messages, remove any such content, or prohibit any use of the Program when it is deemed fit or necessary. Each Referrer is the actual sender of the emails and must comply with applicable law. Referrers who do not comply with the law, including anti-spam laws, are obligated to indemnify the Program Entities against any liabilities, costs and expenses it incurs as a results of such spam. 6.3 FRAUDULENT AND SUSPICIOUS BEHAVIOR Merchant may prohibit a User from participating in the Program or receiving a credit, gift, or reward, in their sole discretion, if they determine such User is attempting to undermine the fairness, integrity or legitimate operation of the Program in any way by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices of intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other users or representatives of the Company. Use of any automated system, script, or macro to participate is strictly prohibited and will result in disqualification. Users may not enter with multiple or fake emails addresses or accounts, use fictitious identities or use any system, bot or other device or artifice to participate in the Program or receive a Reward. 7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION You expressly understand and agree that the Merchant, including any vendors and service providers (UpSellit) associated with or assisting in providing the program, shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if the company was advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the program; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through, from, or as a result of the program; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on or through the program; or (v) any other matter relating to the program. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, some of the above limitations in this paragraph may not apply to you. Users should use the Program at their own risk.What is a VPN?AppsMenu ToggleDesktopMenu ToggleWindowsMacLinuxChrome OS MobileMenu ToggleAndroidiOS OtherMenu ToggleRoutersFire TVNVIDIA SHIELD VPN BenefitsBlogMenu ToggleHow toNewsIn DepthAnnouncements HelpMy Account Get Started Get Started What is a VPN?AppsMenu ToggleDesktopMenu ToggleWindowsMacLinuxChrome OS MobileMenu ToggleAndroidiOS OtherMenu ToggleRoutersFire TVNVIDIA SHIELD VPN BenefitsBlogMenu ToggleHow toNewsIn DepthAnnouncements HelpMy Account Main Menu Get Started Get Started What is a VPN?AppsMenu ToggleDesktopMenu ToggleWindowsMacLinuxChrome OS MobileMenu ToggleAndroidiOS OtherMenu ToggleRoutersFire TVNVIDIA SHIELD VPN BenefitsBlogMenu ToggleHow toNewsIn DepthAnnouncements HelpMy Account Get Started Get Started IPVanish Powers Your Privacy Educating yourself about online privacy and security is one of the best defenses for maintaining your digital rights. Use these tip sheets and guides to help power your personal privacy journey. Guides Learn how to take control of your privacy with in-depth guides on best practices, VPN processes, and related technology. VPN Uses When should you use a VPN? And why? Here are some of the most common use cases and VPN features . From the Blog Check out some of the most popular posts from our blog. IPVanish Solutions Privacy Tools Setup Guides Contact Us Legal © 2019–2023 IPVanish, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. IPVanish is a registered trademark of IPVanish. "WireGuard" is a registered trademark of Jason A. Donenfeld. Scroll to Top This site is registered on wpml.org as a development site.