Website Privacy Policy Data protection and privacy are important to Irdeto. To maintain the trust of our personnel, business partners and customers, Irdeto will comply with applicable law and observe fair information principles through our adoption of policies and accountable processes. Scope Irdeto is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy (this “Policy”) sets out how Irdeto collects, uses, and transfers information that you provide when you use irdeto.com domain websites, websites of our subsidiaries (in both cases, herein referred to as the “Websites”), and where otherwise described below. Otherwise, it does not cover any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link or data that we or our affiliates collect offline or through web sites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Policy. Occasionally, we may refer to this Policy in notices and consent requests related to surveys and special-purpose web pages, for example, our Careers web pages; under such circumstances, this statement applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection). “Irdeto,” or “we” or “us” refers to Irdeto B.V. and its affiliated entities. Types of data and collection methods Information you submit. On the Websites, when you request information, subscribe for a service, register as a user, respond to an online survey or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent. In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through this Website, because you actively submit it. This includes, for example, when you fill out the contact form or request a technical document (such as a White Paper) by filling out your contact details. In these instances, as well as in the others listed below, Irdeto serves as a Controller of the data. When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at Information we automatically collect. As part of the standard operation of the Websites, we may collect information automatically and store it in log files from your computer or mobile device, including but not limited to your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the Website, and if you are accessing our Website with your mobile device, type of mobile device. In addition, we may collect information about how you use our Website, such as the date and time of your visit, the areas or pages viewed, the amount of time you spend viewing this Website, the number of times you return and other click-stream data. Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts or similar technologies are used by Irdeto and our partners, affiliates, website analytics or service providers such as hosting providers and email service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. To read more about cookies and tracking technologies see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ . To read Irdeto’s Cookie Policy, please click here . Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. To exercise your choice in regards to cookies, please use the cookie consent manager located here . Third parties whom we partner with use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here . We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, click here (or if located in the European Union click here ). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.Irdeto Piracy Control and Cybercrime Management When applicable, Irdeto’s collection, transfer, and use of Personal Information are for the purpose of delivering or providing the solutions and services listed below to its customers; performing accounting functions related thereto; and conducting any other activities necessary or appropriate in delivering said solutions and services to its customers. When conducting these activities, Irdeto is a “data processor” and only manages Personal Information at the direction of its customers. It is Irdeto’s customers’ who act as the “data controller”. Irdeto does not control any Personal Information and/or access to, or use of such personal Data is incidental to completing its contractual requirements to its customers. In some aspects of reporting offered by Irdeto as part of Irdeto Piracy and Cybercrime Management, Irdeto processes data made available to the public by the applicable internet or network protocol in order to commercialize our findings based on content piracy trends identified. Irdeto is responsible for determining the purposes and means for processing the data we collect from such protocols, and such data may include computer identifiers for purposes of understanding origination, including those that equate to personal data (namely the IP address). Irdeto maintains a legitimate interest in the processing for the purposes of creating the reports in helping secure copyrighted material as a leading content security company in the marketplace. Any personal data stored for the purpose stated shall only be maintained for as long as necessary to accomplish such purpose. If you wish to request access, rectification, erasure, or portability of your personal data, or otherwise impose a restriction or objection to the processing, please submit your request in the “contact us” section of this policy below. Collection Purposes and Use of Data on Websites We use the data we collect on the Websites for the following general purposes: To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information or your request to subscribe to a service we offer;To occasionally send you emails about upcoming events, White Papers (or other technical documents), company news and the like;To administer, protect and improve our Website and our systems;To better understand the preferences of our visitors;To identify server problems;To compile aggregated statistics about Website usage; To help personalize your experience of our Website;To improve our products and services and other internal business purposes;To provide you with information about our technologies, product or service releases, news, and other communications;To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data that we collect;Any other use we describe at the point where we collect the data; Interactive features/surveys Our Websites may provide interactive features (such as surveys) that allow you to disclose information directly to us. Your participation in such interactive features is completely voluntary and Irdeto assumes no obligations or responsibility with respect to the information you provide or share through such interactive features. To participate in these interactive features, we may require you to register with us and provide certain information such as your name, company name, email address, location, phone number, and desired display name (which may be viewable by other users of the interactive features). We may use the information you provide during the registration process for analytical and development purposes (such as to make product or service enhancements) and to enable you to use the interactive features and to manage your account. You may also be able to personalize our interactive features by voluntarily providing additional information such as your location, instant message contact information, web site address, occupation, and other information. Our interactive features may also allow you to upload an avatar or other graphical representation of yourself. If you voluntarily provide such additional information, it may be viewable by other users of the interactive features – so you should not provide information you do not want other users to see. Where we store and process data Data collected for the Websites is housed in the United States of America and the Netherlands. The Irdeto group of companies also has servers, contractors and employees around the world in various locations, including, without limitation, other parts of the United States of America and the European Economic Area. Disclosures of personally identifiable information When collected pursuant to the Websites, we are not in the business of selling or renting your information to telemarketers and do not share your personally identifiable information with others, except that may freely share your information within the Irdeto group of companies.Portions of our Websites may offer services or information specific to identified partners or customers (such as training services for customers) and in such cases, we may share your personal information and activities on our Website with the identified partners or customers for their business use. We may also share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others’ legal rights, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information. Also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the Websites that is not in personally identifiable form. User access and choice At any time, you may request: access to your personal information, request that any inaccuracies be corrected; request any incomplete personal data be amended; request that comments or explanations be added to records about you; and request discontinued use and/or deletion of your personal information. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page [or by emailing our Customer Support at website@irdeto.com ] or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. For such requests, we will respond to your request without undue delay within 30 days. For the Websites, we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. In the case of data collected from information you submitted through our Websites, if you do not wish to continue receiving the occasional marketing emails from Irdeto, you shall be provided an opt-out through such email communications which you may exercise by using the subscription management mechanism available in the bottom of our emails. In the case of opting out of all Irdeto communications, your personal information will be deleted from our database. You may also request an opt-out or deletion from our database by emailing our Customer Support at Security The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. It is your responsibility to safeguard any password and User ID you use to access the Website and to notify us through website@irdeto.com if you ever suspect that this password or User ID has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the Website conducted via your password and User ID. Irdeto Customer Care portals Irdeto customers typically access a Customer Care system, promoted on https://irdeto.com/support/ , when requesting technical assistance and other customer activities. These systems are database driven and require a user account to be accessed. The systems use the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol to ensure secure data transfer. Irdeto Partner portal Irdeto Partners can access applicable information for the Irdeto Partners Program, such as enabling sharing and exchange of information to and from partners on Irdeto’s products, services and potential cooperation opportunities, by accessing the portal promoted on https://partners.irdeto.com . These systems are database driven and require a user account to be accessed. The systems use the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol to ensure secure data transfer. Career section Our Career Section is managed through a 3rd party vendor application. This application uses the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol to ensure secure data transfer. Irdeto doesn’t capture data itself other than temporary page request data which is deleted immediately after the session ends. Most of the data captured through 3rd party systems is kept indefinitely (but see below on ‘Opt-out’ section). Temporary cookie data is deleted right after the session ends. Persistent cookies are stored on a user’s hard drive until it expires (approximately 4 months) or until the user deletes the cookie.Opt-out In connection with Irdeto, 3rd party systems that utilize user profiles (Career Section, Irdeto Customer Care portals) allow the user to delete their profiles and change their information and passwords whenever they like. In connection with promotions or other projects, we may ask you specifically whether you have objections against a certain kind of data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision. To opt-out of receiving further commercial email or to unsubscribe from services, please notify us through website@irdeto.com . Please note that our affiliates and other data recipients have their own data privacy policies which may differ from ours, and you would have to contact them separately with respect to opt-out requests. Links to other websites Our Websites may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our Websites, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the Policy applicable to the website in question. Children´s privacy The Websites are intended for adults. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16, and we request that individuals under the age of 16 not submit any personal information on this Website. Effective date, amendments This Policy is effective as of November 19, 2019. We reserve the right to change this statement from time to time and in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this statement at any time but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the statement the date it was last updated. When you visit the site, you are accepting the current version of this Policy as posted on the Website at that time. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. We recommend that users revisit this Policy on occasion to learn of any changes. Contact us Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this Policy by emailing us at dataprivacy@irdeto.com , or write to us at: Physical Address: Irdeto B.V.ATTN: Data Protection OfficerTaurus Avenue 1052132 LS Hoofddorpthe Netherlands Postal Address: Irdeto B.V.ATTN: Data Protection OfficerP.O Box 30472130 KA Hoofddorpthe Netherlands Read our Website Privacy Policy in other languages: FollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Industries Resources Search for: Community Company © 2023 Irdeto. All Rights Reserved. We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience, personalize content, customize advertisements, and analyze website traffic. For these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. By clicking ”Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy . You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “ Preferences.”