Smart Maps and Map Editing Some iRobot® products can learn, map, and adapt to your home through a technology called Imprint® Smart Maps. By using Smart Maps, these products allow for more flexibility and control over your robot's cleaning by opening up new ways to clean your home to fit your lifestyle. The current robot models offering Smart Mapping technology are: i6/i7/i7+/i8+s9/s9+m6 These robot models will allow you to clean specific rooms or areas, keep away from certain spots in your home, and provide personalized insights to help improve their cleaning efficacy in your unique home. They also provide transparency about what your robot is doing as it cleans. In order to map new areas, or to add to your existing map, start a new job and then activate the "Clean Everywhere" toggle. Map Creation and Learning Your robot will begin to learn your home starting with its first cleaning job. It will begin to explore from its charging station and make its way to the areas it can reach. At the end of the job, your robot will provide you with a Clean Map® report showing the areas it was able to find and clean, areas where it found dirt, and, potentially, any issues it may have encountered. This is also the start to your Imprint Smart Map™ : Your Smart Map™ is the way your robot remembers your home.You can customize or edit it to send your robot to specific rooms, add keep out zones, designate targeted clean zones, and more.In order to get to a completed map to start customizing, you will need at least two (2) complete runs. If your robot encounters a problem and fails to return back to its charging station, it may need one (1) to two (2) additional runs to be confident it has a solid understanding of your home. You will be prompted through the app when your first map is ready to customize. Mapping Success To set your robot up for success, we recommend the following actions: Do a little home prep before cleaning Similar to vacuuming with a standard vacuum, robotic vacuums can run into issues if they encounter rogue clothes, shoelaces, cords, or other obstacles that may get caught in the rollers, or cause the robot to get otherwise stuck or wedged. We recommend keeping your floors as clear as you can to allow your robot to clean as much of the floor as possible with minimal intervention by you. Turn the lights on The technology which allows iRobot® products to create a map is called vSLAM (visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping). Essentially, as the robot moves around, it looks for unique "landmarks" in your home and remembers where those landmarks are. Landmarks may be corners of a picture frame or window, a ceiling fan or recessed light, or similar feature on the wall or ceiling.In order to see the landmarks, the robot needs at least some light, both to initially identify them, and also to find them again during subsequent cleaning jobs.We recommend opening your window shades or turning your lights on while your robot is running for best performance. Learning over time Each time your robot goes out to clean, it will start by remembering where it was when it ended its previous job. It will begin to look for its saved landmarks and reorient itself as it goes if needed. If you’ve moved furniture around since your robot last went out, please just have your robot clean everywhere. It will dynamically update the map/landmarks as it goes about cleaning. In all jobs, your robot will learn about new landmarks and forget unused ones over time. If your robot is directed to clean everywhere , it will actively look for new space it may have missed previously (e.g., a new door may be open or furniture has been moved). If new space is found, it will add this to your Smart Map and notify you of the change, so you can divide up the space or rename it if necessary. However, if your robot is directed to clean specific areas , it will NOT actively look for new space (since it was directed to stay within specific areas). To find new space or update your map if you have moved your furniture, we recommend you send the robot to clean everywhere. Updating or Reverting a Smart Map Occasionally the robot may make a mistake and update the map incorrectly. If this happens to your map, you may revert your Smart Map to a previous version by going into your History and viewing your Clean Map® reports. Simply find a map you like from a previous cleaning job and select the overflow menu in the top right corner.Select Update Smart Map to complete. Where Are My Maps Stored? Smart Maps are stored in the cloud, and not on the app. This means that they will remain even if you uninstall the app. However, maps are synced to robots on a one-to-one basis, which means that you will need to create a new map if you factory reset a current robot or purchase a new robot. Mapping a new space Your Smart Map™ enabled robot can store multiple maps in its memory.To create a map for a new floor plan of your home, all you have to do is place the robot somewhere on that floor and send it on a job to clean everywhere.You can do this either by pressing the CLEAN button on the robot itself, or by initiating the job from the mobile app. The same mapping success tips are valid for any new map. However, it is NOT recommended you move your charging station with the robot to another floor. The robot uses the charging station as a point of reference when beginning a mission. If you wish to add a charging station to another floor or level of your home, we recommend you purchase one from irobot.com . Map Customization Once your robot has learned your space, your map will be ready to customize. This happens after two (2) successful jobs in the same space. Customization is the process of naming the floor plan, adjusting room dividers, and labeling rooms. Additional customizations are possible after rooms are set up, such as adding cleaning zones and keep out zones. To view your Smart Map and to customize it, simply click the map icon near the robot image on the home screen. Map Customization Once your robot has learned your space, your map will be ready to customize. This happens after two (2) successful jobs in the same space. Customization is the process of naming the floor plan, adjusting room dividers, and labeling rooms. Additional customizations are possible after rooms are set up, such as adding cleaning zones and keep out zones. To view your Smart Map and to customize it, simply click the map icon near the robot image on the home screen. Naming the Map Naming the map is the first step of customization. When you begin the customization process, you will be prompted to add a name to your map. This is how you will identify your map through the app. Choose a name that represents this mapped space. You can edit the map name at any point by selecting a map and then clicking the overflow menu in the top right of the map. Rooms, Room Dividers, and Room Names Defining your rooms is the next step of the map customization process. Your robot has guessed how your home should be split up based on the geometry it has observed. However, this is only a guess and can be changed to accommodate your unique home layout. Once defined, your robot will remember your rooms and they will be used throughout your product experience. Room Dividers By adjusting, adding, or deleting room dividers, you can split your home up as you would like. Initially, you will be guided through the process. Simply tapping on an existing divider will provide you with options to move it (by moving the map), rotate it (using two fingers or the rotate button on the bottom bar), or delete it (trash button). When finished with that divider, hit Save . Repeat this process until your rooms are set up appropriately for your home layout.You may edit room dividers at any time by clicking "Room dividers" in the bottom menu of the Smart Map. Room Names Once your map is divided into rooms, naming your rooms will allow you to see rooms in your room list and send your robot to specific areas to clean in any order you want (through Alexa and Google Assistant too.) You will be prompted with a suggested list of common names to choose from, or you may customize your own (i.e. Bill's bedroom). Note: Each room name in a given map must be unique. Zones Another option for customizing your map is to add zones to your map. Zones are areas within the map where you either want to target cleaning ( Clean Zones ) or keep the robot away from ( Keep Out Zones ). Clean Zones Clean Zones allow you to send your robot to target specific areas of your home for cleaning. You can set up as many Clean Zones as you would like. By naming them, they will appear on your room list so you may add them to specific cleaning jobs, favorites, or schedules. As your robot learns your space, you may also receive suggestions for Clean Zones based on high-traffic areas or around objects/furniture where dirt tends to accumulate.You may decide to accept the suggestion(s), edit them, or reject them as you see fit. To create a new clean zone : Select Zones, then Add Clean Zone.A blue box will appear on your map and you may move it and resize it by dragging the corners to put it into the desired spot.Once placed, select Name Zone to pick a name, or customize your own. Clean Zones can be edited at any time. To edit a Clean Zone : Go into the Smart Map .Select Zones and then click a zone already placed on the map.You have the option to rename, resize or move it. When creating or editing Clean Zones, you will notice dynamic size labels on the zone area. These add a size reference for the zone you are placing. Sizes are approximate. Keep Out Zones Keep Out Zones are the opposite of Clean Zones. These are specific areas you may want the robot to steer clear of.Common uses of Keep Out Zones include areas around fragile items, pet bowls, children's toys, or areas that tend to give the robot trouble. Keep Out Zones are placed similarly to Clean Zones on the Smart Map: Select Zones, then Add Keep Out Zone.A red square will appear. Simply place and resize the zone in the appropriate spot and click Save. You will notice the same size labels on the box that roughly indicate the size of the zone being placed. Similar to Clean Zones, as your robot learns your home, you may receive suggestions for Keep Out Zones for specific areas of your home. These are typically surfaced based on areas that have historically caused the robot to get stuck. You may decide to accept the suggestion, edit it, or reject it. Save Map Orientation The orientation of your map is determined by the location of your dock. If you decide that you would like to change the orientation view of your map, you can save your desired direction. Here's how: In the Smart Map™, rotate your map using the two-finger rotation method to the position you prefer.At the top right-hand corner of the screen, tap the () icon and this will bring up some map management options.Select " Save map orientation ," and you will see a confirmation screen to save the desired rotation.Once your orientation is saved, this will serve as your default view each time you click into your map."Save map orientation" remains deactivated if no rotation adjustment has been made on your map. Map Data Privacy iRobot® puts you in control of your data and privacy. As an iRobot® customer, you have the option to enable or disable Mapping Features for your robot and your home. Currently, Map Privacy options can be found under the Robot Settings section of the Home Screen (near the bottom). Disabling Mapping Features will stop the robot from sending any spatial data to our cloud-based servers.As a result, no mapping related features will be enabled in the mobile app, and any previous schedules and favorites will be disabled.Additionally, time-estimates, directed room cleaning, targeted zone cleaning and keep out zones will be disabled as well (since they utilize map data to work).If you decide to turn Mapping Features back on, you will need to create a new map from scratch and customize it when it is ready. Thresholds and Transitions Braava jet® m Series robots now have improved navigation over thresholds, by using the Threshold feature in your Smart Map. Thresholds appears as yellow rectangles on the Smart Map. Whenever your robot encounters an area where you’ve added a Threshold, it will disable rug ride-up detection and maneuver itself over the perceived obstacle. Your robot will know where it can mop more space at once without needing to be manually carried into other rooms by you. To activate: Beginning on the Home screen, select MapsChoose the Smart Map that you want to add or edit a ThresholdSelect Thresholds in the toolbar To add a Threshold, select "Add a threshold."To edit a threshold placement or size, tap anywhere within the existing threshold. o Resize: Drag the corner(s) of the Clean Zone to your specificationsDelete: Select the trash can icon Once your threshold is placed, hit Save.