ITV Privacy & Cookie Information 1. What’s in this Information notice? You’ve come to the right place to find out all about how we collect your personal information (the law calls this ‘personal data’), how we use it and what we do to protect it. We have also included information on our use of cookies and similar technologies. The information contained in this notice covers the services offered by ITV Consumer Limited and services offered by other parts of ITV which operate as separate companies (where there is a link to this notice or we tell you that it applies). Our services include the free and paid versions (including any free trials) including: our streaming services (when you watch live channels or catch up/on demand),ITV Win, ITV News, ITV Vote, our TV show websites (such as Coronation Street and Emmerdale),any show/ companion apps where this Information is linked such as: the Love Island App, I’m a Celebrity App, This Morning App, ITV Racing,our ITV channels broadcast on any platform or via set top boxes when we collect or receive information about you or your viewing history, or when you interact or engage with us, including if you: send us messages, videos, photos or otherwise interact with us or our programmes online or on social media,enter one of our prize draws or competitions,vote in one of our polls, shows or charitable appeals,participate in content for an ITV service, donate, take part in our charitable appeals,complete surveys, questionnaires or participate in a research panel, orcontact us with an enquiry, request or give us feedback. This Information does not apply to ... some websites or apps that have their own privacy policy and we don’t control even though they may be branded ITV (such as LoveIslandShop.com, ITVShop.co.uk, itv.arkadium.com, ITV7 section of ITV Racing app, ITV7 competitions),your use of other ITV-branded services that we don’t control and have their own privacy policy such as set visits or programme related experiences,social media or third party websites or applications we may link to (for example, if you click on a link in an ad and this takes you to the advertiser’s site). Please read their privacy policies carefully, any personal information which you submit in accessing our apps via the Apple and/or Android device app store providers (including for example, Google Play, Samsung App store or other Android store) is held by the app store provider under their own respective privacy and cookie notices. If you would like to find out how to control the use of your personal information on our ITV services. See section 2 “Your Controls” which details how you can change your permissions and unsubscribe from our electronic marketing communications. Our websites, apps, social media communities and other services including the emails we send, use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information. When you visit our websites or use our apps, you can choose to accept, manage or refuse cookies and similar technologies unless our services need cookies to work properly or we have explained why we need to use them in this Information. You can find out more by reading section 13 “Cookies and similar technologies”. Contact us about your data protection queries or requests: Email: myprivacy@itv.com Write to: ITV Group Data Protection Officer, ITV plc, ITV White City, 201 Wood Lane, London, W12 7RU. 2. Your controls You have the following controls in ITV web and mobile services: Data Permissions settings: these enable you to choose what data is stored on or collected from your device and control how this data may be used for advertising to you,Communication Settings: these enable you to choose which electronic marketing communications you get from us and (Android devices only) you can choose whether to receive notifications on your device. For Apple devices go to your device ‘Settings’. You can also unsubscribe from receiving SMS/ text marketing communication by texting STOP to 65456, unsubscribe from receiving email marketing communications by selecting unsubscribe in the email itself, go to the ‘Manage Account’ section of your account or the ‘Communications Settings” in the footer of itv.com, orif you can’t unsubscribe in these ways then ‘Contact us’. Remember you need to unsubscribe from each type of communication. To learn more about how you can control use of your information for advertising see section 6 “Advertising to you”. How do I control targeted ads when I watch ITV channels on a smart TV, set top box or other streaming device? You can opt out of targeted ads by visiting the privacy or other relevant settings page in your smart TV, set top box or other streaming device (if you ask for targeted ads to be turned off, you will still see adverts but they may be less interesting or useful to you). This will not affect your experience when you use the same ITV service on another device. 3.Personal information we collect about you or other people Personal information which you provide to us includes: “Registration Data” : Depending on the ITV service you use, we may collect all or some of the following when you register for, sign in, or update your account: title and nameemail addressphone numberdate of birthpostcodeyour chosen password “Payment Data” : If you make any purchases or sign up for a trial or a paid service (including for example pay to enter prize draws or competitions), our payment services provider will share the following data with us: nameemail addresstime of paymentmobile phone numberpostcodedetails of your purchase and payment history Additional personal information you may choose to give us : Survey and Research Data : when you respond to a survey or participate in research, Nominations : when you choose to take part in awards or recognition programmes and provide details of other people you have nominated, If you win a prize : we may collect additional information from you in order to fulfil your prize, which may include your address for physical prizes and your bank details for cash prizes, When you contact us : via Viewer Services or tell us about the problems you are experiencing on an ITV service, to leave feedback or complaints, and post to any ITV service or on our social media communities. Personal information collected through your use of the ITV service (we call this “Usage Information”) includes : Information about how you use the ITV service including : information about your subscription to an ITV service,your activity within the ITV service (including date and time), such as:search queries,favourites or watchlists you create,viewing and browsing history,how you access and use our services,account settings,marketing communication preferences,your data permissions,interactions with other ITV users,your use of ITV services which may be provided via third party platforms or devices, our understanding of your interests and preferences based on what you watch and other activities (also known as ‘inferences’),games, competitions, or prize draws you have entered, time you have spent playing our games, competitions or prize draws,voting as part of a programme shown on ITV, which ads you have been shown, how long they’ve been displayed and if you viewed or clicked them. We also collect information and insights from your use and interactions with ITV services we operate on third party platforms or social media (for example, Facebook). In relation to such information and insights data, both we and the third party platform are controllers. For Facebook pages and other Facebook products we are joint controllers with Facebook Ireland Limited. You can find out more information about what this means here: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum. We collect the following technical information automatically : online identifiers (typically we do this through the use of cookies and similar technologies, please read section 13 “Cookies and similar technologies” for more info) such as your IP address or other user or device ID.information about the devices you use such as:device type (examples: laptop, computer, connected tv, set top box, and other third party devices on your wifi network etc),brand and version of your device,network connection type (examples: wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth), broadband provider,network and device performance,browser type,language,information enabling digital rights management,operating system and version,ITV application version. We collect your general location We may learn your general (non-precise) location from technical information, for example by detecting your IP address or language setting of your device. We need this to: make available TV programmes for your region (and block access to programmes you are not entitled to view),meet geographic requirements in our agreements with content owners and delivery partners,deliver content and advertising that’s relevant to you because of where you live. We only collect your precise location (which requires accessing GPS functionality on your device) with your permission. You may also choose to provide us (or our prize fulfilment partners) with your home address if you win a prize. Information from third parties We get information about you from: others, where you’ve been nominated for a prize, award or other recognition,If we direct you to an online seller, we may receive data fro m the merchant that is related to your purchase. For example, we might direct you to the retailer to buy items or similar items to those featured on the show (‘Shop the Show’). We may use cookies or affiliate marketing links which are explained in more detail in section 13 “Cookies and similar technologies”.Receiving this data allows us to:calculate any commissions owed to us, analyse the effectiveness of our partnership with these online sellers.trusted third party partners who are allowed to share additional personal information or inferences about you or people considered to be like you. This helps us to understand what you and our other users may like to watch or what ads may interest you, technical service providers where we need to verify your location to show you the right local content or ads or where we are required by rightsholders. For example some of our ITV services may check your IP address to work out your location, payment service providers and sellers. If you choose to pay for ITV merchandise through third parties, we may get aggregated sales data from those providers and sellers. This allows us to pay commission earned by others on your purchases, third party platforms, services and devices: if you access any ITV service or watch ITV channels on a third party platform, service or device, we may collect your Usage Information (and in some cases the third party platform or service provider will collect and share this data with us). These third party platforms, services and devices may include smart TVs, games consoles and set top boxes or other streaming devices, we may allow you to register for or login to an ITV service using another service (for example, your Google account credentials). With your permission we will receive your information from the other service to help set up your ITV account and to enable you to authenticate using the same credentials. 4. Why we use your personal information In this section we will set out: why we use your personal information (our purposes),our legal justifications (each called a legal basis) under data protection law for each purpose, and the categories of personal information which we use for each purpose. We use your personal information to: provide the ITV services to you,set up an account where you are asked to login,manage and administer the ITV services,understand, improve and enhance user experience (including testing different versions of our content or layout on our website and in our apps), and measure how people are using ITV services,build modals based on how people are using ITV services and what they are watching so we generate content recommendations and optimise your experience when using ITV services, improve ITV services, sell adverts more effectively and to promote ITV services. You can read more info about “Advertising to you” in section 6,personalise our services and recommendations to you, to entertain you and help you discover programmes that we think you’ll love, run competitions, polls, voting, events and other promotions,contact you in relation to paid phone services if you have reached our excessive use threshold so we can check you are ok to continue, monitor fair usage and to detect fraud,send you important service messages to update you about your ITV account and the ITV services you use, andsend you marketing communications, where we have permission. Here is a general explanation of each 'legal basis' to help you understand what we mean: performance of a contract – to check your personal information before we start a new contract with you, and to perform a contract we have with you (which includes ITV Terms of Use or other applicable terms and conditions), legitimate interest – when ITV or a third party has an interest in using your personal information for a particular purpose. This purpose must be necessary and justified for our business considering any possible risks to you and others. For example, we have a legitimate interest in promoting our services, personalising services for you, showing you ads we think you will like, measuring or analysing performance and improving our services for everyone, consent : we only seek your consent in a few limited circumstances. For example, when you opt in to receive direct marketing by email, compliance with legal obligations : we may need to use your personal information to comply with the law or regulatory codes such as Ofcom. We have set out in more detail each purpose, legal basis we rely on and the categories of personal information we use for each processing activity in the “Legal Purpose Table” below. Sometimes more than one legal basis will apply. 5. Sharing your personal information We will share your personal information: as set out in this section, orwhere we need to for any feature that you have chosen to use will work, orwhere you grant us permission to share. For example, you select an available setting in the ITV service or you give your consent. We need to share your personal information with third parties as set out below.We assess what personal information is necessary for each processing activity and only share the information required by the third party to complete the activity. Privacy Notice: Sharing your personal information Our service providers (third parties who act on our behalf and help us deliver ITV services) Categories of data: Registration Data, Usage Information, Payment Data and purchase information, survey and research data, and correspondence Why we share: So they can provide services and administrative support to ITV which include: technical and IT support services,protecting and securing ITV systems and services,analytics and measurement providers (this could include comparing the information we hold about you against third party datasets),auditors and professional advisors,customer support. These third parties are only allowed access to the information they need to do their job for us. They’re not allowed to use it for any other purpose. Industry measurement bodies or research companies Categories of data: Your Registration Data, Usage Information, Payment Data and purchase information, survey and research data Why we share: For example BARB (Broadcasters Audience Research Board) uses information collected about what is viewed to determine the size of the TV audience. Payment providers Categories of data: Your Registration Data, Payment Data and purchase information Why we share: So they can process your payments, and carry out anti-fraud checks. Ad partners including Planet V (part of the ITV Group)(see section 6 “Advertising to you”) Categories of data: Your Registration Data and your Usage Information Why we share: So they can help us deliver more relevant advertising to you on ITV services and help measure the effectiveness of those ads you see. For example, our ad partners help us facilitate targeted advertising. Marketing Partners Categories of data: Your Registration Data, Usage Information Why we share: So that we: can promote ITV services and content available,can promote ITV in ads published on other online services, andour partners can measure the effectiveness of ITV promotions and ads. Our marketing partners include: media and creative agencies,marketing, sponsorship and prize competition partners and prize providers,third party partners, websites and apps where we advertise ITV or run ITV prize competitions or promotions,email and SMS marketing providers and customer engagement platforms. Some of our marketing partners may also combine the personal information we share with them with other data they have about you, for example, your use of their services. We and our marketing partners may use this combined information to present you with offers, promotions, or other marketing activities that we think you will like on ITV services or on third party platforms (for example, Facebook or Twitter). Affiliate marketing partners Categories of data: Usage Information Why we share: Sometimes we may include an ‘affiliate marketing link’ in an ITV ad which you see online. This enables our affiliate marketing partners to track your online journey from the ad to the ITV service and we pay commission to the partner if you sign up for one of our services. We may also include in our ITV services (or ask our partners who operate ITV-branded websites or apps to include) affiliate marketing links in the site or app so that we earn commission for purchases you may make if you click on the link and go on to buy the product advertised. These links do not affect our editorial content or decisions to recommend products, nor do they affect the product price. When we include an affiliate link in our service we will do our best to make clear to you which links are affiliate links. We work with a company called Skimlinks to provide these links. When you click on one of the Skimlinks’ affiliate links, they may collect information about you. For more information, please see Skimlinks’ privacy policy at https://skimlinks.com/privacy-policies/ and cookies policy at https://skimlinks.com/user-cookies/. Other ITV Group Companies Categories of data: Registration Data, Usage Information, Payment Data and purchase information, survey and research data, and correspondence. Why we share: We also share your personal information with other parts of the ITV group of companies. We do this to: provide a more personalised experience across our different products and services,provide, measure, analyse and/or manage cross or intergroup products and services, products and services in different parts of the ITV group, cross or intergroup products and services, provide other services and products you request or to promote those which might be of interest to you. For privacy notices of other ITV group companies (including for the Addressable Platform Limited and Britbox UK), please see www.itv.com/groupprivacy.Government bodies, law enforcement agencies including the Police, courts or other third parties Categories of data: Registration Data, Usage Information, other information that we hold about you. Why we share: We will cooperate with any valid requests or court order directing us to share your personal information (including your identity or location if we have it), when we reasonably and in good faith believe, taking into account the circumstances of each instance, it’s necessary for us to do so, for example: to comply with a legal obligation, such asresponding to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or summons),for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to:national security,law enforcement including the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders,litigation (a court case),criminal investigation,protecting someone’s safety,preventing death or imminent bodily harm, any suspected breach of any ITV Terms of Use. Changes to our business Categories of data: Registration Data, Usage Information, Payment Data, purchase information, survey and research data. Why we share: If we decide to change or restructure our business, or the way we provide our products and services, we may need to pass your personal information to one or more of our group companies (or a prospective purchaser) so we can continue to effectively administer and manage our business and deliver our products and services to you. 6. Advertising to you Most ITV services are funded by advertising and we do carry out targeted advertising campaigns. Targeted advertising (or interest-based advertising) is when we use your personal information (described in the above table: Registration Data, Usage Information, technical information, location data), and sometimes other information we get from third parties, to create a ‘profile’ of you or your household which we use to promote ITV services and to show you ads for third party products, brands and services which we think may be of interest to you. We may: show you marketing and promotions about ITV services on our services or elsewhere online based on what we think may be of interest to you, andshow you ads about third party products, brands and services you might find interesting on our services, including where any ITV service is provided via a third party platform or device. For example, where we have information suggesting you would like to hear about great new dramas being shown on ITV we might show you ads on other platforms (e.g. Facebook) or send you an email letting you know about upcoming dramas. Or when one of our advertising customers has information suggesting winter holidays might be of interest to you then we might show you ads about holidays on our services. We explain further below about how and why we perform targeted advertising Targeting for ITV Promotions We have a legitimate interest to promote our TV programmes and other products and services. This ensures ITV is commercially successful and is able to compete against other broadcasters and streaming companies. It enables ITV to maximise our audience ratings and find new users who would love to watch ITV and/or subscribe to or use one of our other services or products. We may work with third party advertisers and platforms (such as Facebook and Google) to advertise our products and services to new or relevant audiences, or to exclude an audience from a marketing campaign if we know they are already loyal customers or the campaign is not likely to be of interest to them. For registered users, we do this by providing a protected or hashed ID (for example, taking your registered email address which is then 'hashed' which means it is converted into a string of numbers and/or letters (to help make it more secure) to match the personal information we hold about you with the data the third party may also have because you are a user of their platform or you are in their customer database in order to show you (or exclude you from) the marketing or promotion. This is subject to your permissions with the third party advertiser or the relevant third party platform. You should read and understand the third party's privacy notice and check your privacy settings or controls. If you do not want us to use your personal information to include or exclude you from our marketing efforts please go to section 2 “Your Controls”to find out howto change your settings or permissions. For registered users and visitors to ITV Services, we may also use third party cookies and pixels to support our marketing efforts. How we do this and how you can control cookies and pixels is explained in section 13 "Cookies and similar technologies" below. Targeted Ads Most ITV services are funded by the sale of advertising and are free for our customers. The more income we generate from selling ads, the more we can invest in new TV programmes and services.We consider we have a legitimate business interest in using information we hold about you to help us promote our own products or services or to sell adverts (for example the adverts that appear during TV programmes you watch live or on demand). which may be of interest to you or exclude you from seeing ads which may not be useful for you. For example, if you live in Leeds then we would be more likely to show an ad for a local event in Yorkshire - and less likely to see an ad for a local event in London. To enable us to deliver targeted ads for our media buyers and advertisers, we may pass an identifier relating to you (which is in the form of some numbers/letters - it doesn’t use your name) and information about you to The Addressable Platform Limited (including Planet V) part of the ITV group, and its technical service providers. In addition to showing you ads that may be of interest to you we may also limit the number of the ads you may see. This is called frequency capping. We, our media buyers and advertisers, have a legitimate interest in making sure that you don’t see repetitive or less relevant advertising. Sometimes third party companies want to show ads about their products and services to their customers or who are similar to their customers and who are also ITV viewers Those companies, or companies within their group, may share the personal information of their customers with ITV. If you are a customer of one of these companies they should inform you about data sharing at the time they collected your data or before it is shared with ITV. The data that these companies share is matched with our own data so that we can identify their customers. The matching takes place in a secure platform operated by a company called InfoSum. The data is encrypted before it is shared with Infosum and neither ITV nor the third party can directly identify you nor see or access the other party's data. Where there is a match your data may be added to a group sharing similar attributes and you will see ads that are shown to that group. We do not give your personal information to these third party companies. See the section below about controlling targeted ads on ITV services. You can also opt out of being included in platforms that match similar audiences by requesting this directly to the other platforms and organisations that hold your data. The Addressable Platform Limited (including Planet V; part of the ITV group,) provides advertising technology services to its customers and their group companies (including (i) GroupM UK Limited and its affiliate Finecast Limited; and (ii) Publicis Groupe) to enable them to match against other data they may legally hold, or that they licence for use. That combined information is used to show ads to you in both ITV services and in selected third party publishers (on smart TVs, set top boxes and streaming devices). You can read Planet V privacy policy here: https://www.planet-v.co.uk/privacy-policy. How do I control targeted ads in ITV services? See section 2 “Your Controls”for the controls available to you on the use of your information for targeted ads. Depending on which device you use (for example smart TVs, set top boxes and streaming devices), you may also control targeted ads you see on those devices by changing the settings available. These controls are managed by the platform or device provider, which might not be ITV. See further info below. How do targeted ads work when I watch ITV channels on a smart TV, set top box or other streaming device? We have arrangements in place with some of our distribution partners (Sky, BT, You View and Virgin Media) to enable us to personalise the content and viewing recommendations when you use any available ITV service, and deliver targeted adverts you see (by dynamically inserting them) when viewing ITV channels broadcast on their TV services. To do this we receive an ID which relates to your smart TV, set top box or other streaming device. This ID, together with information about what ITV shows you watch, enables us to create a profile of your household (so that we can identify groups of audiences to show ads on your smart TV, set top box or other streaming device which we think will be of interest or useful to you. We also use this information to personalise content and viewing recommendations in the ITV service (both our streaming service if you are a user - and ITV channels). This will include programmes that may interest you and adverts for products and services that we think you would like to hear about. See section 2 “Your Controls”on how to opt out of these targeted ads. We may use cookies or similar technologies to support targeted ads - please read section 13 “Cookies and similar technologies” to find out how to manage your preferences. 7. When and why we might keep your personal information? We keep your personal information where we have an ongoing legitimate or lawful need to do so.For example, maintaining the performance of our services and our recommendations,if you ask us to stop sending you marketing communications, we need to keep some information about you to enable us to ensure we stop including you in those marketing activities,understanding and managing our business and how it is performing and making business decisions including about new features, products and services,complying with our legal or regulatory obligations (for example we may keep your payment information to comply with tax rules) dealing with intellectual property disputes or other breaches, resolving complaints When we no longer have a legitimate or lawful need to keep your personal information, we will delete it or anonymise it. 8. Do we send your information outside of the UK? Yes, our service providers or other third parties we work with may be based outside the UK, for example, in Europe or the United States. In these cases we will ensure that your personal information is protected in line with UK data protection laws. This means we only transfer your personal information where it is permitted under UK data protection laws. The main transfers take place if: the UK government has determined the country has an adequate level of data protection, standard data protection clauses (which have been ‘adopted’ by the UK government or European Commission) are in place with the service provider or third party, orwe can rely on one of the specified exceptions. We may also take steps to identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we may require the use of: technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation (which means making sure personal data can no longer be linked to you without the use of additional information) andpolicies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful foreign government or other authority requests. We review our service providers before we use them and also ensure that they are only allowed to access the information they need to perform the services we request. If you want more information, please contact us. When you interact with ITV on social media please be aware they may store your personal information outside the UK, usually in the US. As explained above, you should read the privacy notices of the social media platforms you use to understand how they process your personal information. 9. How we keep your personal information safe We're committed to protecting your personal information and keeping it secure, private and confidential. We put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your personal information. Unfortunately no measures can ever be completely secure. We have implemented various safeguards to protect against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal information in our systems. These include pseudonymisation, encryption, restricting access, and retention policies. To protect your user account, we encourage you to: use a strong password which you only use for your ITV account,never share your password with anyone,limit access to your computer and browser,log out once you have finished using the ITV service on a shared device, andmake sure your details are up to date so information we send you does not fall into the wrong hands (you can update your details online or by contacting us). If other individuals have access to your ITV account (for example if you've given them permission to use your account on a shared device), then they can access personal information, controls and the ITV service available in your account. It's your responsibility to only provide individuals with permission to use your ITV account where you are happy to do so and to let them know that ITV will collect Usage Data which you will have access to as part of your account. Anyone else's use of your ITV account or profiles may impact your personalised recommendations. 10. Children, Kids Profiles and CiTV Please see the terms and conditions for the relevant ITV service which will specify any applicable minimum age. We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under this minimum age. On some of our ITV services, you may be able to set up a Kid’s Profiles for a child under the age of 16. These profiles have been designed to ensure only content in the children’s genre can be accessed. We collect the following limited information on Kid’s Profiles which is stored under the adult account holder: how the streaming service is accessed - for example your IP address, device type and identifier, operating system and browser version,viewing history,which advertisements you have been shown and the length of time an advertisement was displayed and if you interact with them,location data from your IP address or by accessing global positioning functionality on your device (e.g. GPS),how you move around the streaming service.We use this information to improve our products and services, to ensure you comply with our terms and conditions and/or otherwise as required by law. We do not collect any additional personal information about your child when using the Kid’s Profile. We do not show targeted ads on the Kid’s Profile. However, we will store the name you have chosen for your Kid’s Profile so it can be displayed on your profiles page. If you're a parent of a child under 16 and become aware that your child has provided personal information, please contact us. We may decide to delete the account for that child. When using a shared device to access the ITV service, be careful about playing or recommending any TV programmes to individuals under 16 years old which could be inappropriate for them. You may choose to activate Parental Controls when you share your device or when using the Kid’s Profile. 11. Your rights Data Protection law gives rights to individuals over their personal data. Some rights only apply when we use a certain legal basis to process your personal information. We have set out your rights below, when they apply (such as the legal basis required) and how to use them. We explain each legal basis in section 4 “Why we use your personal information”. It’s your right to … be informed of the personal information we collect and process about you and how we do that (this notice does this). request access to the personal information we process about you by making a ‘Data Subject Access Request’. To do this, please email us at myprivacy@itv.com and include in your email: that you are requesting a copy of your personal information, andfull details of what you require. We may ask you to give us proof of your identity before we can deal with your request. request that we correct or update your personal information where it’s wrong, out of date or incomplete. Please let us know and we will put it right. request that we delete or erase some of your personal information. For example, you can ask us to erase information:that we no longer need for the purpose it was collected for,that we process based on your consent, and you withdraw your consent,when you object to direct marketing, orwhen you make a justified objection (more info below). There are situations where ITV is unable to delete your personal information, for example when: it’s still necessary to process the personal information for the purpose we collected it,ITV’s interest in using it overrides your interest in having it deleted. For example, where we need to protect our services from fraud,we have a legal obligation to keep it, orwe need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account. Request that we restrict and/or stop our processing (temporarily or permanently) of all or some of your personal information. You can do this if: your personal information is inaccurate,our processing is unlawful,we do not need your information for a specific purpose, oryou object to our processing and we are dealing with your objection request. Object to us processing your personal information. You can do this if we are processing it:on the legal basis of legitimate interests (we will consider if your rights outweigh our interests and if they do, then we will either restrict our use of your information or delete it), or for direct marketing. To exercise your right to object: you can use available controls on the relevant ITV service to switch off or adjust some features which process your personal information. For example, you can switch off ‘Targeted Ads’ in your Data Permissions settings, or where the ITV service does not provide a control, contact us to object. Request us to move a copy of your personal information that you provided to us to another provider or to give you a copy in a machine readable format (this right is known as ‘ data portability ’). You can request us to do this when we automatically process your personal information on the legal basis of consent or performance of contract. However, it may not be technically possible and/or feasible for us to comply with your request. Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. ITV does not carry out this type of automated decision making. Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal information at any time. You can do this if we are processing your personal information based on your consent. To withdraw consent you can adjust the relevant control or contact us. Right to lodge a complaint . If you do have any questions or complaints then you should contact us first so we can try to put things right for you.If you are not happy with our response you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office, please visit the ICO website (www.ico.org.uk) or write to ICO, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF or call 0303 123 1113. 12. Changes to how we use your information We may occasionally update this Information. You should check it out from time to time. If we make a significant change to how we use your information, we will let you know in advance. 13. Cookies and similar technologies we may use This section describes how cookies and similar technologies are used to support ITV services and the controls which may be available to you. These are used on our websites, apps and other digital platforms (for example on your connected TV). There are also other technologies we may use (which do not use cookies to store or access information on your device) - see section 3 above which explains when we collect technical information automatically. What are cookies and similar technologies? cookies are small text files stored by your browser (a browser is the software on your device which enables you to access the internet). The cookie stores a unique identifier (a string of random characters) so that your browser can be singled out from other browsers to show you the information you want (for example, the episode of the programme you want to watch on our streaming service). And it is often used to link your browser to databases that hold data about your online behaviour and inferred interests, along with other data such as your IP address or device ID, other types of storage, such as local or “HTML” storage. Some ITV services use local storage technologies that are similar to cookies but enable larger amounts of data to be stored. This means we can store information like your preferences and viewing history on your device rather than on our own systems, andpixels are embedded code to recognise your browser and record your interactions with emails, online content or ads. From now on we will refer to these technologies collectively as ‘cookies’. Cookies are typically used by websites or where apps have embedded web browsers which allow them to access the internet. What about apps? Mobile apps do not use cookies the way websites and mobile web browsers do. Most ITV apps use software development kits (also known as SDKs) which are building blocks and are part of our apps. These SDKs are stored on your device when you download the app. Instead of using browser cookies, we either collect a unique identifier or ID associated with your device, such as the device Advertising ID (a random and resettable ID on your device), or we generate an ID from your registration/login data and we may take these IDs and associate them with other data such as your viewing data or usage information when you access and use an ITV service. This data is used in the same way as cookies; for example, to analyse, test different versions of layouts and content, and improve services, to deliver a personalised viewing experience, and to show you ITV promotions or other marketing and advertising (if the ITV service is funded by advertising or contains advertising). Why do we use cookies and what types of cookies do we use? Essential: these cookies are necessary for ITV services to work. Without these cookies, we can’t provide you with our core functionalities and associated services such as login and security, and help to improve your experience and so these are not optional. Some of these types of cookies also provide you with features which you choose to use. They also help with the following: when you log in (or for ITV Vote - verify your mobile phone number), we’ll remember you so you don’t have to sign in (or verify) every time,to keep our sites and apps and your personal information secure, especially when you make any payments,we’ll track the content you’ve watched so that we can pay companies who have licensed us the rights to show you those programmes and so we can report aggregate usage for internal or external reporting purposes (for example, to broadcast or financial regulators or other bodies), we will measure which adverts you’ve seen so you don’t have to watch the same ads again and again within a specific period of time,we may test different versions of our website or app layouts or content to understand which performs best for user experience,we collect anonymous data on how you use ITV services in order to make improvements and to identify and fix any technical issues. We use Google Tag Manager which supports our use of Google Analytics and allows us to manage our use of other types of cookies. Google Analytics is an analytics and measurement service provided by Google. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate use of ITV services where we have implemented it, and compile a report for us.Google Analytics records visits to our website to help us know: the date and time of visits and which other sites visitors have come from,how many active users we have at any given time, which parts of our services are most popular (so we can find out what programmes are watched and so we know which are popular amongst all our viewers), what browsers are used (so we can maximise compatibility), the country or region where our users are located, we may also use this cookie to derive demographics and interests data for analytics purposes only. You can find out more about how Google uses data at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en-GB . You can also install a browser plugin - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaopout to opt out from Google Analytics across all websites you visit (including ITV websites). We do not (and neither do we allow Google to) use your name or email for measurement or analytical purposes. Performance and Functionality : these are used to produce anonymous reports to help us improve our site and measure how well new features or functionalities perform. These cookies also support social media features, such as enabling you to share our content via your social media account(s) and to embed content from social media platforms (such as video content). These other companies might use cookies to provide these services or otherwise enable them to track your use of their services. Please see their cookies policy to find out more about. If you choose not to consent to these cookies then some features or functions on the ITV service may not work. Targeting for ITV Promotions: These cookies are used to build a profile of your viewing behaviour and interests to show you ads, about ITV products and services that we think you will like, in ITV Services and also on other websites and services (including social media platforms) that you use. We use cookies which generate unique identifiers of your browser and/or device so that we can identify you or people who are similar to you who are also using other platforms or services (for example social media). This helps us to understand whether our marketing or promotions on third party platforms or services have been effective and to know whether people who see our marketing or promotions then come to use ITV Services. We then use this information to help us make decisions about which third party platforms or services we should advertise on. These cookies also allow us to understand the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional emails (for example, whether you viewed or clicked on one of our emails and what you might have clicked on next). You can opt out of targeting cookies but you will still see ads, but they may be less interesting or relevant for you. We do not have any control over the the data collection and use practices of third party platforms. You should read and understand their respective privacy notices: Meta (Facebook): https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy Meta (Instagram): https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy?__coig_consent=1 How do I manage cookies? You will be asked to choose which cookie purposes you allow when you first visit the ITV website or, service on some of our apps, when we periodically refresh the cookies used, and/or when we periodically ask you to review your preferences. We will ask for your consent again if any new types of cookies are added. You can manage or change your cookie settings used by ITV website at any time by going to the “Manage Cookies” link in the footer of www.itv.com . You cannot exercise controls over Essential cookies. You can also choose how cookies (across all websites) are handled on your device via your browser settings including to block or delete all cookies or just third party cookies. Each browser manufacturer is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Remember: In addition you can also control how we use your personal information (Registration Data) and viewing data in the Data Permissions settings in the app or on our website. Please note that these controls and your cookie settings are managed separately and you need to select your preferences in each place. You also need to opt out on each device and browser you use (as you will have a different device ID or browser ID for each one you use) and when you clear or block cookies at a browser level this may remove your opt out selection and you will have to opt out again. Apple ‘Do Not Track’ Apple iOS14 or above devices If you use an Apple iOS14 or above device, then you will see a permission screen asking you to allow us to ‘track your activity across other companies’ apps and websites?’. If you select "allow", we will use and link your device Advertising ID to target ads to you based on your activity on other third party websites.If you select “Ask App Not to Track” we will still use your personal information and viewing or browsing behaviour but will only drop "Essential" cookies described above. Apple devices below iOS14 If you use an Apple device below iOS14, then you will see our regular "Cookie Preferences" screen and the Apple permission screen. The Apple permission screen will ask you to allow us to "track your activity across other companies' apps and websites?". This would allow us to use and link your device Advertising ID to target ads to you based on your activity on other third party websites. If you select "Ask App Not to Track" we will still use your personal information and viewing or browsing behaviour as described above but we won't use your Apple advertising ID and we won't set the following cookie: Appsflyer -Appsflyer is a tool that measures the effectiveness of our digital marketing campaigns, it ensures that our ads on third party platforms are served to the most relevant audiences, and it enables us to create links to our mobile app. Legal Purpose We have set out in more detail each purpose, legal basis we rely on and the categories of personal information we use for each processing activity. Sometimes more than one legal basis will apply. Legal purpose table To provide the ITV service including personalising the content and recommendations for you: to identify you so that you can login and greet you by name,after you have logged in we will display your name,remember your settings so you don't have to,remember your entitlements to our services (for example whether you have an account for a free or paid premium service, including free trial periods),store your payment details to enable you to make repeat purchases and subscriptions (we work with payment providers who are controllers of your financial details), manage your ITV account, including sending you service emails and messages,to check you are complying with applicable Terms of Use and investigating any suspected breaches,run and manage competitions, prize draws, polls, voting, events and other promotions,contact you in relation to paid phone services if you have reached our excessive use threshold so we can check you are ok to continue,share information with our service providers and suppliers to enable us to provide our services, share information (technical and IDs) with our partners to provide our services on other platforms (such set-top boxes, connected TVs, streaming services). Legal basis that permits the purpose: performance of a contractlegitimate interestcompliance with legal obligations Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationgeneral locationpayment and purchase data (if a paid premium service) To provide you with content recommendations: to show you what’s popular on our services, for example the most popular shows or news articles, to show you programmes or other content we think you will like on ITV services,to show you programmes or content relevant your region for certain ITV channels and services,make content recommendations including when you watch our streaming service and ITV channels on smart TVs, set top boxes and on third party streaming services. Legal basis that permits the purpose: performance of a contractlegitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Usage Informationgeneral location To handle your queries and complaints: handling and tracking them through to resolution, including (when you call us) monitoring or recording your calls for quality assurance,to improve our customer services, dispute resolution and fraud prevention and detection.Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationchat/email transcripts etc To process your payment or refunds Legal basis that permits that purpose: performance of a contract Categories of personal information used: Registration Datapayment and purchase data To detect and prevent fraud and keep your ITV account secure: monitor fair usage of our services,work with our payment providers who are controllers of your payment information. Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of legal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationpayment and purchase data To measure and analyse your use of ITV services including when, where and what programmes you view and what search terms you use: to understand what programmes and content are popular so we can make and recommend more stuff you like,to improve how you search and discover new programmes and features,to understand user journeys to and on our website and in our apps to determine whether users complete registration (and so we can remind you to complete your registration journey) and we may also track these journeys using unique tracking links so that we pay commission to marketing affiliates who have helped to promote our service on their website or service (also known as affiliate marketing), so that we can improve our services and keep you coming back for more! Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Information To administer and manage our business: to provide, measure, analyse and/or manage cross or intergroup products and services,to provide other ITV services and products you request or to promote those which might be of interest to you,to understand how our business is performing and to make business decisions about current and new services, products and features,to change or restructure our business. Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationpayment and purchase datasurvey and research datacorrespondence To measure and analyse which ads you view or click and what actions you might take after viewing an ad: to help us, research providers, our advertisers and their agencies understand the effectiveness of the ads you see,to limit how many times you might see the same ad. Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Information To meet our contractual obligations to advertisers and ad buyers who buy ad space from us: we have agreements which require us to report on what ads have been shown and how many people clicked on them,for payments of commission (affiliate marketing partners). Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Information To meet our contractual obligations to third parties (content owners): we have some agreements with third party content owners which require us to only make available the ITV service in the UK. We use geo-blocking to ensure we only show you content when you’re in the correct country or territories and we detect the IP address of your device to work out your location.Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationgeneral locationpayment and purchase data To understand and fix technical issues Legal basis that permits that purpose: performance of a contractlegitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Information To test and develop new features and improvements to the ITV service Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Information To conduct research and surveys Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interestconsent Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationsurvey and research data To provide you with marketing communications by email or text (where the law requires us to get your consent) Legal basis that permits that purpose: Consent Categories of personal information used: Registration Datasometimes we may use third party data sources to learn more about you so that these communications would be interesting to you To provide you with other marketing, promotions or ads (where the law does not require consent): when we use your personal information to show you ads or other marketing to promote ITV services and products,working with third party platforms (such as Google and Facebook) and advertisers to show (or exclude) ads promoting ITV services and products, to create a ‘profile’ of you or your household to use for promoting ITV services,to create a ‘profile; of you or your household to use for selling and delivery ads for advertisers on ITV services,sharing data with our service providers and partners to create audience segments, and similar audiences on our ITV services to for us by advertisers, for some email and text marketing messages (where the law does not require us to get consent) Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationgeneral locationsometimes we may use third party data sources to learn more about you so that these communications would be interesting to yousurvey and research data To promote our competitions and prize draws: our winners map and general locations of competition and prize draw winners,names of competition and prize draw winners Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interestconsent Categories of personal information used: Registration Datageneral location To establish, exercise or defend legal claims Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interestcompliance with legal obligations Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationpayment and purchase data To comply with a legal obligation that ITV or an ITV Group company is subject to. This will be English law or other countries' laws that apply to us: we may need to know your date of birth because you have additional rights if you are below the age of 18,we need to keep records for our audits and record keeping obligations,we are required to retain prize draw and competition winner details,we may need to use your IP address and/or your postcode (or part of it) or other location data to allow the correct content to play in line with our obligations to Ofcom and STV with respect to certain ITV main channel programming regions. Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interestcompliance with legal obligations Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationgeneral locationpayment and purchase datasurvey and research data To administer and manage your other interactions with us such as: enabling you to submit photos, videos or comments or otherwise participate in our shows or events online and on social media,enabling you to participate in content for an ITV service, enabling you to donate, take part in our charitable appeals. Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interestconsent Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationgeneral locationpayment and purchase data To comply with a request from law enforcement , including the police, the courts or other competent authorities. Legal basis that permits that purpose: legitimate interestcompliance with legal obligations Categories of personal information used: Registration DataUsage Informationgeneral locationpayment and purchase datasurvey and research data Where we use cookies or similar technologies which are essential to provide the ITV Service (and may support our marketing efforts or targeted ads). See Cookies & Similar Technologies section for more information. Legal basis that permits that purpose: performance of a contractlegitimate interest Categories of personal information used: Usage Informationgeneral location See section 13 “Cookies and similar technologies” for more information.Where we use cookies or similar technologies which are not essential to provide the ITV Service (and may support our marketing efforts or targeted ads). See “Cookies and similar technologies” section for more information. Legal basis that permits that purpose: consent Categories of personal information used: Usage Informationgeneral location See section 13 “Cookies and similar technologies” for more information. If you are a business customer to keep you updated on programmes you might want to licence and some other communications with us. Legal basis that permits that purpose: Consent Latest Articles ITV Group Privacy ITV General Participation Terms Ref: Love Island 2023 Pre-Voting Terms and Conditions Love Island 2023 Pre-Voting Terms and Conditions Terms ITVX Presents Corporate Information By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies. For more details of these cookies and how to disable them, see our cookie policy . © ITV Consumer Limited 2023