Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda Documentation Documentation Getting Started Compliance for: Legal Requirements Main Legislations GDPR Cookie Law / ePrivacy US State Laws CalOPPA and COPPA LGPD Other Legislations Common Scenarios Blogs and Websites E-commerce Emails and Newsletters Apps Facebook Pages and Apps Children Multi-lingual Websites and Apps Ads and Affiliate Programs Analytics and Other Google Services Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Creating Your Policy Generating Adding Services Adding Owner Details Languages Editing/Updating Your Policy iubenda Branding Advanced Settings Embedding Your Policy General Apps Popular Platforms Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Changelog Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Introduction Cookie Banner Setup and Customization Advertising Tracking Preferences Languages For US Installation and Prior Blocking Implementation Plugins and integrations Prior Blocking Implementation Advanced Stats Troubleshooting and FAQs Channels and Changelog Terms and Conditions Generator Creating Your Document Editing/Updating Your Document Advanced options Embedding Your Document General Popular Platforms Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Changelog Consent Database Getting Started Implementation Popular Platforms WordPress Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Register of Data Processing Activities Resources Videos Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Templates GDPR CPRA & CCPA Cheat Sheets, Checklists and Tests Account and Billing Plans and Licenses Payment Invoices Partners and Affiliates About iubenda How to Create a Privacy Policy Want to create a privacy policy? Generating and setting up your privacy policy with iubenda is incredibly easy. In this post, we’ll show you how. If you need any additional help, please feel free to message us via the chat window (you can find it by clicking on the green help button on the right and then clicking on the live chat button at the top). We’re happy to answer any of your questions anytime. Before we start, if you haven’t already, you’ll need to sign-up here . Once you’re signed up it’s time to get started. The process is simple and pretty straightforward. Simply: Customize your privacy policyAdd the privacy policy to your siteUpdate and refine your policy when needed 💡 If you already have a similar site/policy, you don’t have to start from scratch: you can take advantage of the site duplication feature . 1.Create and customize your privacy policy Your privacy policy needs to be adapted to your site’s or app’s data collection practices. You do that by adding a service. Services generally fall into two categories: Services related to your own data collection activities (eg. contact forms)Services related to third-party data collection activities (eg. Google Analytics) We’ve added a Site Scanner within the services window of the generator which allows you to quickly inspect your site in real-time and identify which services you need to add to your policy. Do note that although our scanner is powerful, it can only scan for technologies that are directly integrated on your pages . You will, therefore, still need to add manually the clauses that relate to data processing practices like newsletter sending. When figuring out which basic services to add to your policy, it may help to ask yourself the following questions: What user data do I collect myself and how do I collect it? Eg. newsletter forms, contact forms, comment systems. Which third-party services do I use on my site/app? Most likely these services also process user data in some way and therefore must be included in your policy. Some common ones are: Social widgets (e.g Facebook like/share button, Twitter tweet button, Pinterest “pin it” button); External account access services : services that let you access the user’s account on another platform (e.g. Facebook account access, Twitter account access); Payment processing services (e.g. Stripe, PayPal); Tracking and analytics (e.g Google Analytics, Piwik, WordPress Stats). Please note: if using tracking, you’ll likely need to include a cookie notice and implement a cookie solution on your site); Email & newsletter management services (e.g Constant Contact, MailChimp, Mad Mimi, AWeber): Ad services (e.g Google Adsense, Google Ads, AdButler). For which purposes do I collect these data? In most cases, the purpose of the data collection is standard and automatically included within the services added, however, there are some instances where you’re required to add additional disclosures. Some common ones are: Selling goods and services onlineDirect Email Marketing (DEM) purposes ( monetizing your newsletter or promoting third-party products and services) You can also easily add custom services by simply filling out the built-in form . You can read more about what you’re legally required to disclose and obtain consent for in our Getting Started Guide . 🇺🇸 Have you or your customers based in the US? 2. Add the privacy policy to your site When the privacy policy is ready it needs to be added to the site. This is done by using the embedding code we provide. You can make the privacy policy available on your site/ app in the following ways: as a button with a modal window (included in the standard free version);as a direct link (e.g. for App Stores);or as a direct site embed (that shows your privacy policy as a part of your website). The video below shows how you can easily add the privacy policy to your website: Additional links you might find useful here are: 3. Update and refine your policy when needed We constantly monitor the major legal regulations and automatically update your policy to keep it valid and up-to-date, however, should you need to manually update your personal information, contact details, custom clauses or add additional services, you can simply log back into your iubenda dashboard and make changes anytime. Create a privacy policy for your website/app See also Still have questions? Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. Click for sound Click for sound Help suggested resultsPrivacy Policy of iubenda Consent Database Iubenda Consent Database collects some Personal Data from its Users. Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services: Hosting and backend infrastructureAmazon Web Services (AWS) Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service MongoDB Cloud, ClouDNS and Scaleway Personal Data: Usage Data Further information about the processing of Personal Data Description of the service The Consent Database makes it possible to keep track of Users’ consent activities and to store the information necessary to record evidence of that consent.The tool consists of an API and a JavaScript library optimized for this purpose. The JavaScript library can be integrated into sites. Alternatively, it may be accessed by API via HTTPS.For each User, the Consent Database allows obtaining the last preferences expressed, proof of their consent, and their full consent history.iubenda may process Personal Data related to Users if they are shared by the client with the Consent Database. In this case, it will be the client's duty to specify the nature of the Personal Data processed, within their privacy policy. When using iubenda's JavaScript library, the Personal Data processed are as follows: IP address. Personal Data retention time The Personal Data collected are retained until the contract between the client and iubenda has been fully performed.Upon termination of the contract, such Personal Data are deleted or returned to the client, subject to compliance with legal obligations that require the retention of Personal Data beyond the termination of the contract, in accordance with the statutory retention periods. Appointment of iubenda as Data Processor Clients acknowledge and accept that by using the Consent Database they are engaging iubenda to process Personal Data as “processor” pursuant to the European personal data protection legislation. The conditions of engagement are determined by the Data Processing Agreement .Such an agreement, the conclusion of which is required by law, therefore forms an integral and binding part of the contractual relationship between iubenda and its clients. Appointment of iubenda as Service Provider Clients acknowledge and accept that by using the Consent Database they are engaging iubenda to process Personal Data as “service provider” pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CCPA). The conditions of engagement are determined by the Service Provider Addendum .Such an agreement, the conclusion of which is required by law, therefore forms an integral and binding part of the contractual relationship between iubenda and its clients. Contact information Owner and Data Controller iubenda s.r.l. Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italy) Milan Chamber of Commerce EU VAT No: IT07347120961 UK VAT No: GB 370904694 SC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) Legal Representative: Andrea Giannangelo Owner contact email: info@iubenda.com Latest update: May 25, 2023 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy For CPRA For VCDPA for GDPR Easily generate professional, auto-updating Privacy Policies (and Cookie policies!) that are fully customizable from 1800+ clauses. One-click translation into 11 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with principle global legislations. Not sure what you need? Getting started guide Trusted by over 90,000 clients in 100+ countries Watch our video overview Click for sound It's a requirement Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a privacy policy . iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR). Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with. "Is the US covered?" The US is one of the countries our legal team monitors most closely. Our legal text is modeled after the strictest privacy requirements found in the world like the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the GDPR and ePrivacy. We also regularly monitor all major global legislations to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements. How it works 1. Customize Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 1700+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through. Some popular clauses: Google AnalyticsGoogle AdSenseFacebook conversion trackingNewsletter 2. Integrate easily Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated. 3. Manage and auto-update Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes. Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the CPRA, ePrivacy, GDPR and more We help you meet complex legal requirements at the click of a button. For the US The Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CPRA) gives additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses that target these users, no matter where they’re based. These include privacy disclosures, and consent management (both opt-out and opt-in). Similarly, The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) and the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA) also grant additional rights to consumers in regards to their personal data.Our solution makes it easy for you to be Compliant across the USA by: For Europe The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our generator takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and ePrivacy compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes! Features and benefits Customizable Choose from 1700+ pre-crafted clauses in 11 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click. USA and Global compliance All of iubenda's documents help you comply with laws like the CPRA, VCDPA, Europe's GDPR, Canada's CPPA and more. Self-updating Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions. Customizable Choose from 1700+ pre-crafted clauses in 11 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click. GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and LGPD . Self-updating Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions. Trusted by over 90,000 clients in 100+ countries “If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.” TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION 2579163 self-updating documents already generated FAQ Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy? Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your privacy policy . You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices. Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text? From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team. Documentation and Guides Not sure what you need? Read our Getting Started Guide Or join us at our next webinar to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions All our products are WCAG Level AAA Compliant Part of a 360° compliance solution A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Terms and Conditions Generator Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Consent Database Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Register of Data Processing Activities Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Enterprise Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations. Looking for custom documents? Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.Become a Certified Partner iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law. Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. HelpPrivacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda Register of Data Processing Activities The solution to easily document all the data processing activity within your organization for GDPR for LGPD Create your record of processing activity: add processing activities from 1700+ pre-made options, divide them by area, assign processors and members, document legal bases and other GDPR-required records. Not sure what you need? Getting started guide Please create a site first or go to the flow page of one of your sites and activate from there. Watch our video overview Click for sound The requirements In order to comply with privacy laws, especially the GDPR, companies need to keep a record of how they store and use the data they collect from users. In particular, they must document in writing: Data retention policy for each processing activity Security measures Legal basis for processing Data transfer outside of the EU, if any The parties that you share the data with, both inside and outside of your organization How it works 1. Define areas Areas are perimeters within which data processing activities are homogeneous. Examples of areas are your website, mobile app, physical stores, employees, recruiting, manufacturing facility etc. 2. Add processing activities to each area For each area, you can add processing activities out of a list of 1700+ pre-made ones. For instance, you'll add “Payroll processing” to your “employees” area, or “Google Analytics” to your “website” area. 3. Add details about each processing activities For each processing activity, add your data retention policy, security measures, legal basis for processing etc. Features and benefits On the Roadmap On the Roadmap On the Roadmap On the Roadmap Trusted by over 90,000 clients in 100+ countries “If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.” Please create a site first or go to the flow page of one of your sites and activate from there. FAQ Is the Register of Data Processing Activities Tool only for companies trying to comply with the GDPR? Even though the GDPR is a common reason to put more effort into internal privacy management, our tool is not exclusively made for application under the GDPR. It can also be used for internal privacy management in general, even by companies who do not have any users/customers within the EU. How does the Register of Data Processing Activities tool work? The Register of Data Processing Activities tool makes the complex task of managing internal privacy a simple and straightforward one. The tool lets you define specific ares of data processing, add processing activities and members involved in the processing to each area and also lets you add all necessary details related to the processing activities.This makes it simple for you to comply with requirements (including but not limited to the GDPR), and track and manage the data you collect, the purposes for collection, all parties involved, company details — including data of employees — and more. Documentation and Guides Not sure what you need? Read our Getting Started Guide Or join us at our next webinar to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions All our products are WCAG Level AAA Compliant Part of a 360° compliance solution A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Terms and Conditions Generator Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Consent Database Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Register of Data Processing Activities Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Enterprise Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations. Looking for custom documents? Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review. Become a Certified Partner iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law. Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. HelpPrivacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda Features and benefits Attorney-level compliance solutions at the convenience only software can provide Focus on your business, let us help you with the compliance One dashboard to manage your online compliance across multiple countries and legislations The expertise of an international legal team packaged into a convenient and easy to use software solution We continuously monitor the major legislations and keep both you and our products up to date Focus on your business, let us help you with the compliance One dashboard to manage your online compliance across multiple countries and legislations The expertise of an international legal team packaged into a convenient and easy to use software solution We continuously monitor the major legislations and keep both you and our products up to date Trusted by 90,000+ clients in 100+ countries From the personal website to the enterprise company Optimized for all customer scenarios App, e-commerce, startup, SaaS, publisher, blog, personal or enterprise site Privacy Policy Customizable Choose from 1700+ pre-crafted clauses in 11 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click. USA and Global compliance All of iubenda's documents help you comply with laws like the CPRA, VCDPA, Europe's GDPR, Canada's CPPA and more. Self-updating Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions. Customizable Choose from 1700+ pre-crafted clauses in 11 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click. GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and LGPD . Self-updating Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions. Quality of an International Legal Team at the Convenience of a Software Solution. Every one of our 1700+ clauses is expertly crafted by our team of international lawyers. Our solutions leverage the convenience of software to keep this process affordable and accessible. Multiple Sites, One Dashboard Manage multiple documents and websites via a single dashboard. Our user-friendly dashboard allows you to monitor, edit and update all your policies for all your sites, from one convenient location. App Store Compatible App developer?Our policies are optimized for the specific requirements of all major web and mobile app stores . Iconized View and a Full Legal Text Built with accessibility in mind, our policies come with both a simple iconized view for easy reading and an elegantly segmented, full legal text. Site Scanner Identify which services you need to add to your policy with our in-dashboard site scanner . Enter the web address of the site you'd like to scan and receive your full site email report within minutes. Multiple Integration Options Whether you need a link for the app store, button for your newsletter or just want to directly embed on your webpage, we've got you covered. Our solution gives you multiple ways to integrate , allowing you to customize your look and approach across various platforms. Integrate as a widget, as a link, or via direct text embedding. Activate the Cookie Policy in a Single Click Our solution simplifies the process of setting up a cookie policy by taking the relevant clauses from your existing privacy policy and automatically generating a complete cookie policy — simply click to set up and integrate . No additional effort required. Perfectly Synced Privacy and Cookie Policies Policies are automatically synced so there's no risk of inconsistent updates or definitions between Privacy and Cookie policies generated using our solution Offline Viewing Available Have a service that can be accessed even when not connected to the internet? With our offline option , you can ensure that your users are always properly informed whether online or offline. Documents are Remotely Updated when Legal Requirements Change From time to time legal regulations change. We monitor all the major regulations and automatically update our solutions to meet changing requirements so that you don't have to. Know that Your Policies are Always Up-to-date with Third-party Details We keep track of hundreds of third-party services, their requirements, policies and opt-out links and we automatically update your policies to ensure that these details are current. Customize from 1700+ Clauses Ensure that your documents are both comprehensive and specific to your individual needs. At the core of our solution are hundreds of detailed clauses crafted by our international legal team; we have clauses prepared for everything from contact forms to social buttons and analytics, and we're constantly adding more. With our powerful solution, you can be as specific as you need and still click your way to the end of a usable privacy policy within minutes. Add Custom-text to the Policy Need to add text specific to your particular situation? Easily create custom clauses by filling out the built-in form: simply type in your details, save, and your clause is automatically integrated into your policy. Guided Process We guide you through the process with helpful hints and explanations where needed. Generate in up to 11 Languages Our policies are conveniently available in multiple languages. Simply pick your language of choice or even add multiple languages to the same site — this is especially useful if your site targets an international audience — to properly inform ALL your users about your privacy practices within a few easy clicks . Our policies are currently available in US English, UK English, Italian, German, French, Dutch, Russian, Spanish, Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese and Danish. White Label Our White Label option allows you to seamlessly integrate your privacy policy text into the body of your webpage via multiple text embedding options. You can embed (with or without styling) by copy and pasting the javascript or by calling our API. The policy adapts to the styling of your website while still giving you the option to further personalize by adding your custom CSS definitions to the classes used in the code. You can read more and see it in action here . User-friendly Dashboard Our intuitive dashboard makes it easy to edit, customize install and update your policies —no technical knowledge required. Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Visual configurator Easily edit the text of our GDPR-ready cookie consent banner , adapt it to the look of your site and even modify its behavior. Our user-friendly configurator also allows you access to advanced customization options . Google CMP partner iubenda is officially one of Google’s CMP Partners.Our Cookie Solution seamlessly integrates with Google Consent Mode and Google Tag Manager, making privacy management easier than ever. Fast and reliable, comes with detailed analytics Our cookie management solution runs on billions of pageviews per month. It's fast, light and effective, and can be configured for even more speed . It comes with comprehensive consent analytics , so that you can monitor and optimize your consent collection performance, and it runs on Akamai, the best and most reliable CDN you can find. SDK for mobile GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD compliance tailored for publishers As a registered CMP , we've integrated IAB Europe's industry-standard TCF and CPRA (CCPA amendment) Compliance Framework with our Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution to help publishers comply with the law while meeting industry requirements and maximizing ad revenue. Visual configurator Easily edit the text of our GDPR-ready cookie consent banner , adapt it to the look of your site and even modify its behavior. Our user-friendly configurator also allows you access to advanced customization options . Google CMP partner iubenda is officially one of Google’s CMP Partners. Our Cookie Solution seamlessly integrates with Google Consent Mode and Google Tag Manager, making privacy management easier than ever. Fast and reliable, comes with detailed analytics Our cookie management solution runs on billions of pageviews per month. It's fast, light and effective, and can be configured for even more speed . It comes with comprehensive consent analytics , so that you can monitor and optimize your consent collection performance, and it runs on Akamai, the best and most reliable CDN you can find. SDK for mobile Comply with ePrivacy and GDPR requirements within your app. Our mobile SDK is available as a native component for both iOS and Android, and is fully customizable, allowing you to match the look and style of your app. GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD compliance tailored for publishers As a registered CMP , we've integrated IAB Europe's industry-standard TCF and CPRA (CCPA amendment) Compliance Framework with our Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution to help publishers comply with the law while meeting industry requirements and maximizing ad revenue. Fully Customizable Banner Our solution gives you full control over the look of your banner . You can modify color, dimensions, content, location, add additional elements such as buttons or checkboxes and even modify the cookie banner’s behavior (e.g choose whether or not to reload after user input). You can customize with little to no effort via our easy-to-use wizard or make even more detailed modifications using the convenient CSS panel. Runs on Billions of Page Views per Month Trusted by over 90,000 customers in over 100 countries, our solution runs quickly and smoothly on billions of pageviews per month — effortlessly handling large volumes with speed and continuity. Built to Maximize Consent Collection Our solution gives you various options for obtaining consent so that you can optimize and maximize collection by choosing the method that works best for your user-base. You can read more about the legal requirements here . Multi-device and Cross-browser Compatibility The Cookie Database is optimized to perform and collect consent across all browsers and devices. Blazing Fast Our solution is fast, light and effective. It seamlessly integrates with your website or app without significantly affecting page performance and loads quickly to give your users smooth experience Fully compatible with Google AMP Easily collect cookie consent on AMP pages , whether you're using WordPress or not. Our plugin works with both the popular "AMP" and "AMP for WP" plugins. GDPR-Ready Our solution meets provisions of the hugely important General Data Protection Regulation. You can read more about GDPR requirements here Cookie Notice in 11 Languages Conveniently available in up to 11 languages so that you can properly inform your users in a language they understand.Our policies are currently available in US English, UK English, Italian, German, French, Dutch, Russian, Spanish, Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese and Danish. Google CMP partner Our Cookie Solution seamlessly integrates with Google Consent Mode and Google Tag Manager. Compatible with IAB TCF v2.0 iubenda is a registered CMP and our solution integrates IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework v 2.0 to allow advertising tracking preferences management so that your users can granularly customize if, and how they're being tracked. Websites that display ads must support it to ensure that their ads perform properly, as advertising networks may otherwise limit the ads displayed, affecting your ad revenue . SDK for mobile Our mobile SDK is available as a native component for both iOS and Android, and is fully customizable, allowing you to match the look and style of your app. Contact us to access the files and instructions needed for implementation. Auto-blocking and CMS Plugins to Automate Prior Blocking Script blocking (prior to consent) is a legal requirement under many legislations, but can be a complicated task. With our integrated auto-blocking feature , you can easily block scripts that may install cookies and trackers until user consent is obtained. Additionally, we have platform specific plugins available for WordPress , Joomla !, PrestaShop and Magento to make installation as painless as possible. CPRA ready. Display notice of collection and Do Not Sell link . Integrated with IAB's CCPA (CPRA) framework Our solution integrates with IAB's CCPA Compliance Framework to make meeting CCPA (CPRA) requirements easy. You can read more about CCPA requirements here . Integrated with the Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator The Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution automatically integrates with your Cookie and Privacy Policies across your website/app so that there is no additional need to manually enter details. Extensive Documentation Available Our in-depth documentation gives you all the information you need, when you need it. Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Configurator We make customization easy with our configurator. Edit the look, details, features of the solution, all within a few clicks —no technical knowledge required. Prior Blocking with Asynchronous Reactivation Ensure that you meet legal requirements by blocking scripts prior to user consent . Once consent has been collected, our solution asynchronously activates (without reloading the page) all the scripts that were previously blocked. This way your users can have a smooth, consistent and interruption-free experience. Cookie database Our systems constantly scan the web for new cookies and trackers and associate them with the related services. Our legal team then reviews what our technology detects, one by one, to further ensure the quality of the details stored. The Cookie Database automatically prefills and adds the cookie storage duration to your cookie policy to help you stay aligned with international best practices. Hosted on Akamai All our documents and widgets are hosted on the fastest and most reliable content distribution provider, Akamai. We also give you the additional option to access documents via our API if you'd like to cache within your own application. Consent Analytics Our solution provides comprehensive consent analytics to help you track and optimize your consent collection process. Remembers Consent Meet your legal obligations without annoying your users. Our solution keeps track of consent and saves consent settings for individual users for 12 months (from the last visit). This way, after consent is collected the first time, your users can have an interruption-free experience during subsequent visits. Terms and conditions generator Guided set-up Not sure what you need to include? We guide you through the creation process with questionnaire-style prompts, helpful hints, and explanations to help you include everything you need. Pre-defined Scenarios We’ve taken a detailed but modular approach to common scenarios — including complex use cases. The generator includes buildable text modules for marketplace, SaaS, e-commerce scenarios and more. Flexible sub-clauses for niche scenarios like product-comparison, intermediation, virtual currency and others, allow you to conveniently address even the most unique scenarios within a few simple clicks.Legislation Monitoring We monitor the major international legislations and keep your documents up-to-date with the latest in consumer, business and contract law — across global borders. Plug-and-go integrations for popular store systems Guided set-up Not sure what you need to include? We guide you through the creation process with questionnaire-style prompts, helpful hints, and explanations to help you include everything you need. Pre-defined Scenarios We’ve taken a detailed but modular approach to common scenarios — including complex use cases. The generator includes buildable text modules for marketplace, SaaS, e-commerce scenarios and more. Flexible sub-clauses for niche scenarios like product-comparison, intermediation, virtual currency and others, allow you to conveniently address even the most unique scenarios within a few simple clicks. Legislation Monitoring We monitor the major international legislations and keep your documents up-to-date with the latest in consumer, business and contract law — across global borders. Plug-and-go integrations for popular store systems As being descriptive is a requirement in many jurisdictions, we've analyzed the most popular eCommerce solutions (Shopify, Wix, Squarespace, Weebly, WooCommerce, PrestaShop and more) to bring you pre-written clauses with accurate descriptions of your sales process right out of the box — giving you the option to “plug-and-go“ or further customize as needed. Expertly crafted at the hands of our international legal team Multiple Integration Options Whether you need a link for the app store, button for your newsletter or just want to directly embed on your webpage, we've got you covered. Our solution gives you multiple ways to integrate , allowing you to customize your look and approach across various platforms. Integrate as a widget, as a link, or via direct text embedding. White Label Our White Label option allows you to seamlessly integrate your Terms and Conditions into the body of your webpage via multiple text embedding options. You can embed (with or without styling) by copy and pasting the javascript or by calling our API. The document adapts to the styling of your website while still giving you the option to further personalize by adding your custom CSS definitions to the classes used in the code. Offline Viewing Available Have a service that can be accessed even when not connected to the internet? With our offline option , you can ensure that your users are always properly informed — whether online or offline. Define Site Targets Different laws can apply depending on your target customer. Our solution lets you choose your site targets (e.g. B2B vs B2C) within relevant clauses, to ensure that your documents are legally applicable and valid to your business model. ComingTemplate Management Our template editor gives you fine-grained control over the texts, and structure of your document. Extend clauses, re-order sections or add new text — the template editor makes it easy for you modify as needed. Pre-defined Scenarios We’ve taken a detailed but modular approach to common scenarios — including complex use cases like product-comparison, age-related disclaimers, virtual currency, and others — allowing you to conveniently address even the most unique scenarios with a few simple clicks. Guided Process Not sure what you need to include? We guide you through the creation process with questionnaire-style prompts, helpful hints, and explanations to help you include everything you need. Legislation Monitoring We monitor the major international legislations and keep your documents up-to-date with the latest in consumer, business and contract law — across global borders. Generate in up to 11 Languages Properly inform ALL your users about your Terms by simply clicking your language of choice. You can even add multiple languages to the same site — this is especially useful if your site targets an international audience.Terms & Conditions documents are currently available in US English, UK English, Italian, German, French, Dutch, Russian, Spanish, Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese and Danish. Specialized and Customizable Clauses 100+ customizable, terms-specific clauses, carefully crafted by our international legal team to address everything from disclaimers to consumer law — ensuring that you're fully covered, whatever your particular situation. User-friendly Dashboard for Easy Management Our intuitive dashboard makes it easy to edit, customize, install, and update your terms — no technical knowledge required. Plug-and-go Integrations for Popular Store Systems We've analyzed the most popular eCommerce solutions (Shopify, Wix, Squarespace, Weebly, WooCommerce, PrestaShop and more) to bring you pre-written clauses with accurate descriptions of your sales process right out of the box — giving you the option to “plug-and-go“ or further customize as needed. App Store Compatible App developer? State your terms and protect yourself with fully responsive documents that are optimized for the specific requirements of all major web and mobile app platforms. Multiple Sites, One Dashboard Manage multiple documents and websites via a single dashboard. Our user-friendly dashboard allows you to monitor, edit, update all your documents for all your sites, from one convenient location. Highlighted Section to Better Inform Users We've designated a section near the top of the document that highlights and informs users of critical or otherwise uncommon statements from within the document. Custom wording can also be added to this section. Consent Database Coming Coming Coming Coming Register of Data Processing Activities On the Roadmap On the Roadmap On the Roadmap On the Roadmap Trusted by over 90,000 clients in 100+ countries “If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.” TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION 2579163 self-updating documents already generated Part of a 360° compliance solution A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Terms and Conditions Generator Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Consent Database Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Register of Data Processing Activities Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Enterprise Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations. Looking for custom documents? Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review. Become a Certified Partner iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. HelpPrivacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda US privacy law compliance for your site, app and business State laws are placing new requirements on businesses, and, as a result, new legal and technical burdens as well. Compliance can be complicated. Our solutions take the guesswork out of compliance by doing the heavy technical and legal lifting so that you can focus on growing your business. Which laws apply to me? In general, US state privacy laws like the CPRA (CCPA amendment) and VCDPA may apply to you if you target users based in those states and simultaneously meet any of the requirements outlined below. CPRA VCDPA The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) builds on the CCPA’s existing provisions, enriches consumer rights, and adds new requirements for companies that process personal data from California residents. It applies to legal entities doing business in California for profit, that process consumers' personal information and that meet any one or more of the following requirements: annual gross revenues in excess of $25M;annually buys, sells, or shares the personal information of 100,000 or more consumers or households; orderives 50% or more of its annual revenues from selling, or sharing* consumers' personal information. * Can include third-party integrations on your website. Not sure if the CPRA applies to you? The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) was signed into law in March 2021, and Virginia became the second state in the United States to enact a comprehensive data privacy law after California. The VCDPA goes into effect on January 1, 2023. It applies to persons that conduct business in Virginia or provide products or services that are targeted to residents of Virginia and that: during a calendar year, control or process personal data of at least 100,000 consumers; orcontrol or process personal data of at least 25,000 consumers and derive over 50 percent of gross revenue from the sale of personal data. CPRA The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) builds on the CCPA’s existing provisions, enriches consumer rights, and adds new requirements for companies that process personal data from California residents. It applies to legal entities doing business in California for profit, that process consumers' personal information and that meet any one or more of the following requirements: annual gross revenues in excess of $25M;annually buys, sells, or shares the personal information of 100,000 or more consumers or households; orderives 50% or more of its annual revenues from selling, or sharing* consumers' personal information. * Can include third-party integrations on your website. Not sure if the CPRA applies to you? VCDPA The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) was signed into law in March 2021, and Virginia became the second state in the United States to enact a comprehensive data privacy law after California. The VCDPA goes into effect on January 1, 2023.It applies to persons that conduct business in Virginia or provide products or services that are targeted to residents of Virginia and that: during a calendar year, control or process personal data of at least 100,000 consumers; orcontrol or process personal data of at least 25,000 consumers and derive over 50 percent of gross revenue from the sale of personal data. See it in action Timeline US state laws The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) becomes effective, with a grace period of 6 months. CCPA’s compliance is now actively monitored and enforced by the Office of the Attorney General, issuing non-compliance notices and fines if the violations persist after the 30-day cure period. CPRA starts its look-back period of 12 months. Businesses must now take into consideration the personal information collected and processed over a 12-month period preceding a consumer’s request. The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) amends the CCPA and becomes effective. The 30-day cure period no longer applies. To comply with the CPRA, you may need to take the following steps: Review your personal information collection and processing practices. Update your privacy notice. Provide a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link. Provide a “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” link. Develop a process for responding to consumers’ requests to exercise their rights. Implement appropriate security measures. It is important to note that the steps you need to take to comply will depend on the nature of your business and the type of personal information you collect and process. See if your business qualifies with this 1-min quiz For specific information on how to comply with the above, see here: How can iubenda help you comply with the CPRA? The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA) becomes effective and is enforced. To comply with the VCDPA, you may need to take the following steps: Provide consumers with a reasonably accessible, clear, and meaningful privacy notice. Develop a process for responding to consumers’ requests to exercise their rights. Allow consumers to opt out of the processing of their personal data for certain purposes. Obtain consumers’ consent before processing their sensitive data. Develop and implement appropriate security measures. Review and assess your data practices. It is important to note that the specific steps you need to take to comply will depend on the nature of your business, the type of personal information you collect and process, and other factors. For specific information on how to comply with the above, see here: How can iubenda help you comply with the VCDPA? The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) is enforced. The CPRA is now actively monitored and enforced by the California Privacy Protection Agency (CPPA), issuing fines or penalties for non-compliance. Please be informed that following the decision of the Sacramento County Superior Court, the enforcement of the final regulations issued by the California Privacy Protection Agency has been delayed to March 29, 2024. The decision, however, does not affect the CPRA statutory provisions, which are enforced as of July 1, 2023. The Colorado Privacy Act (CPA) goes into effect. To comply with the CPA, you may need to take the following steps: Evaluate if your current processing practices comply with CPA’s requirements and make any necessary changes. Provide consumers with a privacy policy that outlines your organization's data collection, processing, and retention practices. Allow consumers to opt out of the processing of their personal data for certain purposes. Obtain consumers’ consent before processing their sensitive data. Provide training to all employees on the CPA requirements and your organization's privacy policy. Develop a plan for responding to data breaches and data access requests in accordance with the CPA. For specific information on how to comply with the above, see here: How can iubenda help you comply with the CPA? The Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CTDPA) goes into effect. To comply with the CTDPA, you may need to take the following steps: Ensure that your privacy policy complies with the act and is up-to-date. Train your employees on the act and its requirements and on your privacy policy and procedures. Consider implementing technical measures to secure personal data, such as encryption, access controls, and data backup and recovery procedures. Allow consumers to opt out of the processing of their personal data for certain purposes. Obtain consumers’ consent before processing their sensitive data. Review contracts and agreements with third-party service providers to ensure they comply with the act’s provisions. Have a plan in place for responding to data breaches and complying with the act's requirements for notifications and reporting. For further information on how to comply with the above, see here . The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) goes into effect.To comply with the UCPA, you may need to take the following steps: Ensure that your privacy policy complies with the act and is up-to-date. Train your employees on the act and its requirements, as well as your privacy policy. Consider implementing technical measures to secure consumer data, such as encryption, access controls, and data backup and recovery procedures. Allow consumers to opt out of the processing of their personal data for certain purposes. Review contracts and agreements with third-party service providers to ensure they comply with the act’s provisions. Offer consumers an easy procedure to submit requests to exercise their rights Have a plan in place for responding to data breaches and complying with the act's requirements for notifications and reporting. For further information on how to comply with the above, see here . The Colorado Privacy Act’s requirement to honor consumers’ opt-out requests made through a universal opt-out mechanism is now effective. What's required to comply with laws in the US? As regulations differ slightly from state to state, keeping up with every scenario can be a tiresome job. iubenda’s smart solutions apply the most robust standards to help you comply with minimum effort. Simply select US State Laws in your generator to comply with the main regulations across the US. Detailed disclosures via Privacy Policy US Requirement Businesses must include specific disclosures in their privacy policies. These disclosures include descriptions of consumer rights, processing partners, purposes, sources and more. This information must be complete, up-to-date and easily accessible throughout your website/app. Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information In order to be compliant, your policy must at the very least contain: Your Privacy Policy under the CPRA (CCPA amendment): Include the categories of personal information that your business has sold or shared with third parties in the last 12 months, a list of relevant third parties, and your business purpose. You also need to disclose if you have not sold or shared users’ personal information within the last 12 months.Add a statement regarding whether or not your business knowingly sells or shares the personal information of users under the age of 16. Include the categories of personal information that your business has disclosed (for business purposes) to third parties in the last 12 months, a list of relevant third parties, and your business’s purpose. You shall also disclose if you have not disclosed consumers’ personal information in the preceding 12 months.State whether or not your business uses or discloses sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in the act. Provide any links to online request forms or portals so your users can make requests regarding their personal information being collected, disclosed, or sold. Here is the full checklist of information that you must include in your privacy policy according to the CPRA requirements. Your Privacy Policy under the VCDPA: Include the categories of personal data processed by your organization.Include your organization’s purpose for processing personal data.Inform your users of how they may exercise their rights (see below), including how they can appeal a decision on their requests. You must provide one or more methods for users to submit a request.Include the categories of personal data that your organization shares with third parties, if any.Include the categories of third parties, if any, with whom your organization shares personal data. Solution Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Display notice and allow Opt-out CPRA requirement The CPRA (CCPA amendment) requires you to display a notice at or before the point of collection which informs consumers of which categories of personal information will be collected and the purposes for the collection. Consumers must also be allowed to opt-out of this processing. As a business you are therefore responsible for informing consumers of this option and providing the actual means for opt-out. In particular, you must: Detect whether or not a consumer is California-based and whether or not they’ve visited your website beforeFacilitate opt-out requests via a DNSMPI linkInstruct relevant third-parties to cease processing the consumer's information when an opt-out request is received.Serve them a notice at first site visit containing the necessary disclosures VCDPA requirement Please be informed that under the VCDPA, there are no indications that opt-out links enabling users to opt-out of the processing of personal data for certain purposes are required . The provisions of the VCDPA, in fact, treat users’ opt-out rights in the same manner as any other users’ rights granted under the Act. Your business needs to comply with users’ requests as follows: You need to comply with the request within 45 days.The response period may be extended one time by 45 additional days when reasonably necessary, as long as you inform your user of any extension within the initial 45-day response period, together with the reason for the extension;If you decline to take action regarding your users’ request, inform the user of such rejection within 45 days, indicating the relevant justification and instructions on how to appeal the decision; If you are unable to authenticate a request using commercially reasonable efforts, you are not required to comply with the request, and you may ask for additional information, which is reasonably necessary to authenticate the user and its request. Solution Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for CPRA and VCDPA Notify consumers and manage opt-out. IAB CCPA (CPRA) Compliance Framework integrated. Our solution lets you: Display a consent banner to inform users Display a "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" ( DNSMPI ) link in the notice and elsewhere on your site/app thereby supporting opt-out from sale Automatically detect and apply the correct standards (including multiple standards) based on location. Our solution allows you to apply both CPRA (CCPA amendment) and GDPR standards to the same users when legally required Easily register and automatically pass user preferences (like opt-out) to ad vendors who support the IAB CCPA (CPRA) Compliance Framework (like Google and AdRoll) iubenda’s Cookie Solution supports Opt-out Preference Signals like the GPC and GPP as required under the CPRA Keep up-to-date records for manual opt-out US Requirement As mentioned above, similary to the CPRA (CCPA amendment), most of these state laws grant users the right to opt out . In cases where the processing is somewhat manual (i.e not related to onsite scripts such as in the case of Direct email marketing) businesses may need to manually implement the opt-out request. Furthermore, laws like the CPRA mandates that users may not be contacted for a minimum of 12 months after the request. For this reason it's prudent to keep records of opt out details such as the particular user, the date, and sub-contractors to be notified in the case of requests. Solution Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Our Register of Data Processing Activities lets you accurately record relevant details necessary for fulfilling Consumer requests with precision. The Solution records: security details such as which members of your organization has access to user data;any registered sub-contractors processing on your behalf;manually added purposes for the processing;data collection methods and more. Penalties and fines for non-compliance Civil penalty of $2,500 per violation or; $7,500 per violation if it is intentional or involves the personal information of a child. Civil penalty of up to $7,500 for each violation. While these fines might not seem like a lot when compared to other privacy laws, do consider that these fines apply per individual violation and per consumer . For a business with even just a few customers, these fines can add up to a hefty sum. Overall, what are the main requirements for websites and app owners? Sharing and profiling If you have users from the US, then you may need to comply with laws like the CPRA & VCDPA when it comes to profiling or sharing user information. This means that you must inform users that you’re processing their data this way and give them the ability to stop sharing (opt out). Consent Records Some regions like Europe and Brazil require you to keep consent proofs (also known as records of consent). In many cases, without these records, the consents you collect may be considered invalid — placing you in violation of the law. Cross-region requirements If you have users from various regions (e.g Europe and the US) then you may need to simultaneously comply with laws from multiple regions like California’s CPRA or Europe’s GDPR. This means having region-specific disclosures available in your privacy documents and more. Trusted by over 90,000 clients in 100+ countries “If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.” TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION 2579162 self-updating documents already generated FAQ How to prepare for CPRA? The CPRA becomes law on January 1, 2023, and will be enforced as of July 1, 2023. At iubenda, we always keep an eye on the latest updates and ensure that all of our documents and products are adjusted in time to help you stay compliant.If you already have CCPA procedures in place, it might be a good idea for you to start reviewing your processes and taking note of a few things: What you need to do to prepare for the VCDPA The United States gains another data privacy regulation through Virginia’s Data Protection Act (VCDPA). The VCDPA takes effect on January 1, 2023. If your organization falls under the scope of the VCDPA, you should begin looking into compliance solutions that are well-trusted and drafted by lawyers. So, if you haven’t got one already, start to set up all that you need today, and we’ll inform you when the clauses are available! Documentation and Guides Up coming US Laws Not sure what you need? Read our Getting Started Guide Or join us at our next webinar to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions All our products are WCAG Level AAA Compliant A 360° solution to make your sites and apps compliant with the law Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Compliance for your organization Consent Database Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Register of Data Processing Activities Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. HelpPrivacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda Documentation Documentation Getting Started Compliance for: Legal Requirements Main Legislations GDPR Cookie Law / ePrivacy US State Laws CalOPPA and COPPA LGPD Other Legislations Common Scenarios Blogs and Websites E-commerce Emails and Newsletters Apps Facebook Pages and Apps Children Multi-lingual Websites and Apps Ads and Affiliate Programs Analytics and Other Google Services Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Creating Your Policy Generating Adding Services Adding Owner Details Languages Editing/Updating Your Policy iubenda Branding Advanced Settings Embedding Your Policy General Apps Popular Platforms Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Changelog Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Introduction Cookie Banner Setup and Customization Advertising Tracking Preferences Languages For US Installation and Prior Blocking Implementation Plugins and integrations Prior Blocking Implementation Advanced Stats Troubleshooting and FAQs Channels and Changelog Terms and Conditions Generator Creating Your Document Editing/Updating Your Document Advanced options Embedding Your Document General Popular Platforms Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Changelog Consent Database Getting Started Implementation Popular Platforms WordPress Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Register of Data Processing Activities Resources Videos Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Templates GDPR CPRA & CCPA Cheat Sheets, Checklists and Tests Account and Billing Plans and Licenses Payment Invoices Partners and Affiliates About iubenda Guide to the Register of Data Processing Activities The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) basically regulates how personal data should be lawfully processed (including how it’s collected, used, protected or interacted with in general). It is intended to strengthen data protection for all people whose personal information fall within its scope of application, putting personal data control back into their hands. The aforementioned can, however, be a technical challenge to implement in practical terms. This is especially true for your register of data processing activities. Users must be able to describe which data they collect, for which purposes, the parties involved and some other details for the entire company, including data of employees.If you are looking for further background information on the GDPR please have a look at our extensive GDPR guide . This guide is meant to guide you step by step through our Register of Data Processing Activities. Please note: Even though the GDPR is a common reason to put more effort into your register of data processing activities, our tool is not exclusively made for application under the GDPR. It can also be used for all your data processing activities in general, even by companies who do not have any users/customers within the EU. Keep reading or view the full tutorial . Does my organization need to keep records of processing activities under the GDPR? The GDPR requires both controllers and processors to keep a record of processing activities. Such records need to be in writing, including in electronic form. The IPM was specifically designed for controllers and processors to meet this requirement. The record (also called “register”) of processing activities needs to be made available to the supervisory authority if requested. When is my organization exempt from this requirement? Enterprises or organizations that employ less than 250 persons are exempted from this requirement. 👉 However, if you employ less than 250 persons but match one of the following, you are required to fulfill this requirement of the GDPR: the processing it carries out is likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of data subjectsthe processing is not occasional, ORthe processing includes special categories of data, as referred to in Article 9(1) , or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offenses referred to in Article 10 . What does the concept of area mean? Areas are perimeters within which data processing activities are homogeneous. Examples of areas are your website, mobile app, physical stores, employees, recruiting, manufacturing facility etc. For each, you can provide a description of how data is being processed, just like you are doing probably already with our privacy policy generator or the terms of service generator for any given site. In short, areas are replications of the ‘site’ entity that are connected to each other, that you can create at will. How are members/roles defined? At the account level you’re able to add members, who can then be associated with a particular role (such as “controller”, “processor etc.) or a specific area. When associating, you can choose what role the member has within the following options: Controller: means any person or legal entity involved in determining the purpose and ways of processing personal data. Member of the controller’s organization: see list of examples below Processor: means any person or legal entity involved in processing personal data on behalf of the controller Subject (sometimes also called user): means an individual whose personal data is processed by a controller or processor. For example, an internet company may collect user information via their website and store it using a 3rd party cloud service. In this scenario, the internet company is the data controller and the organization running the cloud service is the data processor. You can think of it as basically an address book. All current owners are members too. Please be aware: The defaults that you put in the area members section are then applied by default to each service. The following members are available by default: EmployeesUsersEU UsersMarketing DepartmentHR DepartmentFinance DepartmentCustomer Care DepartmentSales DepartmentR&D DepartmentDevelopment DepartmentProduct DepartmentLegal DepartmentPR DepartmentIntelligence Department How can I configure services with the new fields? Your privacy policy needs to be adapted to your site’s or app’s data collection practices. You do that by adding a service. Services generally fall into two categories: Services related to your own data collection activities (eg. contact forms)Services related to third-party data collection activities (eg. Google Analytics) When figuring out which basic services to add to your policy, it may help to ask yourself the following questions: What user data do I collect myself and how do I collect it?(eg. newsletter forms, contact forms, comment systems)Which third-party services do I use on my site/app? Most likely these services also process user data in some way and therefore must be included in your policy. In the following section, we will go through the new fields that we have released to facilitate your register of data processing activities (you can find these fields in the customization window that shows up when you add a service). This will be done step by step in order to assist you in choosing the right option for your personal situation. Label and Description Those 2 fields are simply for your convenience to be able to describe the given service. An example for a label could be “DE data center” and the corresponding description could be “Frankfurt data center”.Region This is a field that only applies to some services where you can specify if you are keeping data in the EU. A good example of this is “Amazon Web services” (often abbreviated as “AWS”). Custom personal data A field that only some services have, that allows you to specify the personal data type collected through that service. Legal basis for processing data Under the GDPR, data can only be processed if there’s at least one lawful basis for doing so. The lawful bases are: The user has given consent for one or more specific purposes.The data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract in which the user is a participant or necessary in order to take steps (requested by the user) prior to entering the contract.The processing is necessary for fulfilling a legal obligation to which the data controller is subject.The processing is necessary for protecting the vital interests of the user or of another person.The processing is necessary for performing a task carried out in the interest of the public or as contained under the official authority given to the data controller. The processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of the data controller or third party, except where overridden by the interests, rights and freedoms of the user, in particular where the user is a child. In our tool you can select from the following options: Consent: Consent means offering individuals real choice and control. Genuine consent should put individuals in charge, build trust and engagement, and enhance your reputation. This refers to all tracking tools that are cookie-based, for which you collect consent via the cookie banner. Contract: All that you need to do in order to provide the service (hosting, etc). You can rely on this lawful basis if you need to process someone’s personal data: to fulfil your contractual obligations to them; orbecause they have asked you to do something before entering into a contract (for example providing a quote). Legal obligation: You can rely on this lawful basis if you need to process the personal data to comply with a common law or statutory obligation. This refers to invoicing for example. Vital interest: You are likely to be able to rely on the so-called vital interests as your lawful basis if you need to process the personal data to protect someone’s life. This processing must be necessary. If you can reasonably protect the person’s vital interests in another less intrusive way, this basis will not apply to your case. Public task: This is most relevant to public authorities, but it can apply to any organisation that exercises official authority or carries out tasks in the general public interest. Legitimate interest: Legitimate interests is certainly the most flexible lawful basis for processing, but you cannot assume it will always be the most appropriate for your case. It is likely to be most appropriate where you use people’s data in ways they would reasonably expect and which have a minimal privacy impact, or where there is a compelling justification for the processing. Special category data: Special category data is personal data which according to the GDPR is more sensitive, and therefore needs more protection. This includes for example information about an individual’s race, religion or health. Criminal offence data: To process personal data about criminal convictions or offences, you must have both a lawful basis under Article 6 and either legal authority or official authority for the processing under Article 10. Legal basis for data transfer outside of the EU This only applies when you are transferring data outside of the EU so please choose accordingly. You can choose between the following options: No data transfer: self-explanatory. Adequacy decisions: A decision adopted by the European Commission on the basis of Article 45 of Regulation (EU)2016/679, which establishes that a non-EU country ensures an adequate level of protection of personal data by reason of its domestic law or the international commitments it has entered into. Binding corporate rules: Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) are designed to allow multinational companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to their affiliates located outside of the EEA in compliance with the Article 47 of the GDPR. The procedure is designed to avoid you having to approach each individual data protection authority separately. Further information can be found under Article 47. Appropriate safeguards: In the absence of a adequacy decision pursuant to Article 45(3), a controller or processor may transfer personal data to a third country or an international organization only if the controller or processor has provided appropriate safeguards, and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available. Further info can be found under Article 46. Consent: Consent means offering individuals real choice and control.Genuine consent should put individuals in charge, build trust and engagement, and enhance your reputation. This refers to all tracking tools that are cookie-based, for which you collect consent via the cookie banner. Standard data protection clauses adopted by the EU commission: The European Commission can decide that standard contractual clauses offer sufficient safeguards on data protection for the data to be transferred internationally. It has so far issued two sets of standard contractual clauses for data transfers from data controllers in the EU to data controllers established outside the EU or European Economic Area (EEA). Regulated by the GDPR and Regulation (EU) 2018/1725 (Data Protection Regulation applicable to the EU institutions, bodies, offices and agencies, “EUDPR”). Public interest: This is mostly relevant to public authorities, but it can apply to any organization that exercises official authority or carries out tasks in the general public interest. Establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims . Vital interest: You are likely to be able to rely on the so-called vital interests as your lawful basis if you need to process the personal data to protect someone’s life. This processing must be necessary. If you can reasonably protect the person’s vital interests in another less intrusive way, this basis will not apply to your case. Those related to the processing of personal data Controller Means any person or legal entity involved in determining the purpose and ways of processing the personal data. Processors Means any person or legal entity involved in processing personal data on behalf of the controller. Members of the controller organization A common example for this are the employees of the given company/organization. Subjects Can be for example either the users of the given website or app, visitors of a physical store or paying clients. Available rights Under normal circumstances, matters that have “consent” as the legal basis for processing, need to have all of the rights selected. Our solution offers you the following options: Information: Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data. This is a key transparency requirement under the GDPR. Access: Individuals have the right to access their personal data and supplementary information. The right of access allows individuals to be aware of and verify the lawfulness of the processing. Rectification: The GDPR includes a right for individuals to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete. An individual can make a request for rectification verbally or in writing. Erasure: The GDPR introduces a right for individuals to have personal data erased (also called the “right to be forgotten”). Individuals can make a request for erasure verbally or in writing. Restrict processing: Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data. This is however not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances. More information can be found here. Data portability: The right to data portability allows individuals to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services. It allows them to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without affecting its usability. Object: Individuals have the right to object to: processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); direct marketing (including profiling); andprocessing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics. Retention policy This field refers to how long data is being stored. The default option is “keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose” and should apply to most cases. Otherwise, you can choose from a period of 1 up to 5 years. Security measures Common examples here are the used encryption method or vulnerability assessments/penetration tests meaning that your technical systems should be tested periodically in order to evaluate the safety and resilience of your systems. Another important measure is the so-called “backup and storage of backup media” which means that it is advisable to keep the backup media in a dedicated place accessible only to the personnel in charge. The safety of the place should be verified at least annually. It is also recommended to install and maintain a firewall. It is advisable to review the current configurations, manage permissions for system users, check that the system is up to date and finally proceed with the installation on portable devices. Having a firewall in place is however obviously nothing new in relation to the GDPR and should be regarded as a minimum security measure already provided for by current standards.From the tool you will be able to choose from the following options: Encryption: Encryption is a broadly used process whereby data gets turned into an encoded and unintelligible version, using encryption algorithms and an encryption key, and whereby a decryption key or code enables others to decode it again. Anonymization: Recital 26 of the GDPR defines anonymized data as “data rendered anonymous in such a way that the data subject is not or no longer identifiable.” Pseudonymization: Pseudonymization is the separation of data from direct identifiers so that linkage to an identity is not possible without additional information that is held separately. It may therefore reduce the risks associated with data processing, while also maintaining the data’s utility. Auditing: Regular data audits alongside reviews and data management exercises are ongoing requirements to maintain compliance under the GDPR. Access limitation: This refers to limited access to any personally identifiable data that is collected or stored from any individual in the European Union. What does the button “Adding alternates” mean? To thoroughly describe the processing as required under the GDPR, you must be very granular in describing your data collection practices. A common scenario is that of a website having multiple contact forms, where each form is aimed at different individuals or for which the data is shared with different parties. Another example is having two different newsletters for different user-groups or customers. Our Register of Data Processing Activities tool therefore allows you to add different versions of the same service . Practical Examples Let’s now go through a range of specific examples to make the above information more practical including our “alternate options”: Example Inc. adds a site area and configures the privacy policy, cookie policy, privacy controls and cookie solution, and the terms of service. For the privacy policy, the following is done: members: Here we set the global members for each role that is valid for the entire area. Members can also be specified on a per-service basis. controller: Example Inc. (the owner) members of the controller organization: employees processors: subjects: users of the site name: Example Inc.label: DE data center description: Frankfurt data center region: EU legal basis for processing: contract those who process the personal data: owner, employees (those who have been set at the site level) subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: none (since it would not be possible to provide the service if they object to processing from Example Inc.) retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd label: NL data center description: Amsterdam data center region: EU legal basis for processing: contract those who process the personal data: owner, employees (those who have been set at the site level) subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: none (since it would not be possible to provide the service if they object to processing from Example Inc.) retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd (if you do not use google analytics on your website or app you can simply insert another analytics tool here) name: Google Analytics label: Google Analytics description: Google Analytics tracking tool legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees (of the given company) subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: consent available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) name: mailing and newsletter label: main newsletter (remember that you can have more than one newsletter or mailing list) description: main newsletter mailing list custom personal data: email legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees (of the given company) subjects: users of the website legalbasis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) label: main drip (referring to drip campaigns and not the standard newsletter) description: drip campaigns custom personal data: email legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd label: secondary product newsletter description: “” custom personal data: email legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd label: secondary product drip description: “” custom personal data: e mail legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd label: Affiliates newsletter description: Newsletter for the affiliates custom personal data: email legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees, agency x (who is managing the affiliate campaigns) subjects: users of the website lgal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd name: referral candy label: main Referral Candy account description: “” legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees, agency x (who is managing the affiliate campaigns) subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: consent available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd label: Referral Candy account for secondary product description: “” legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees, agency x (who is managing the affiliate campaigns) subjects: users of the website legal basis for data transfer: consent available rights: information, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability, object retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd The user adds a custom area and calls it “employees”, to describe the personal data it processes of employees and the purposes.members: controller: Example Inc. (the owner) members of the controller organization: HR department processors: Mr X, Mr Y subjects: employees, consultants name: payroll elaboration legal basis for processing: legal obligation those who process the personal data: owner, employees, HR department, Mr X, Mr Y subjects: employees, consultants legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: none retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd name: “Timely” (employee time tracking software) legal basis for processing: contract those who process the personal data: owner, employees, HR department, Mr X, Mr Y subjects: employees, consultants legal basis for data transfer: consent available rights: none retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd The user adds a custom area and calls it “job interview”, to describe the personal data he uses of candidates and the purposes. members: controller: Example Inc. (the owner) members of the controller organization: employees, HR department processors: subjects: job candidates name: candidate evaluation legal basis for processing: consent those who process the personal data: owner, employees, HR department subjects: candidates legal basis for data transfer: no data transfer available rights: none retention policy: keeping the data for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose (default option) security measures: tbd Still have questions? Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. Click for sound suggested results HelpPrivacy Policy of iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution collects some Personal Data from its Users. Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services: Hosting and backend infrastructureScaleway and ClouDNS Personal Data: Usage Data Traffic optimization and distributionBunny CDN Personal Data: Usage Data Akamai Content Delivery Network Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data Further information about the processing of Personal Data iubenda as Data Controller iubenda processes, as Data Controller, the following access data which is strictly necessary for the technical provision of the service:* IP address;* Web browser info (User Agent/type of device);* Referrer (page viewed by the User) and all the information possibly available on the http header.The information outlined above is sent to Bunny CDN which, in turn, forwards it to Akamai CDN. This forwarding is done, in the case of users in the European Union, without transmitting their IP address.Further information about Akamai CDN and Bunny CDN can be found in the section "Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data" in the present document. US privacy laws The iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is also designed to apply some privacy laws across the United States, if the "US State laws" option is activated. When accessing a website or app, the solution displays the “Your privacy choices/Notice at collection” widget through which users can manage their privacy rights (Sale of my personal information, Share of my personal information, Processing of my personal information for targeted advertising, and Processing of sensitive personal information categories) and read the Notice at collection.The preferences expressed by final users are stored in the Cookie and Consent Preference Log (CPL) and can be retrieved at any time.Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CCPA), the category of personal information collected by iubenda through the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is: internet information.The personal information collected by businesses is processed by iubenda as “service provider” (CCPA) and “processor” (under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2023 or VCDPA) for the purpose of ensuring a correct execution of the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution and its functionalities (“business purpose”). Personal Data retention time The information collected through the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is not normally retained by iubenda.However, if necessary to monitor the service, and the proper functioning thereof, the following access data will be stored for a maximum period of time of 15 days: IP address, Web browser information, Referrer. Appointment of iubenda as Data Processor The clients acknowledge and accept that by using the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution they are engaging iubenda to process Personal Data as “processor” pursuant to the European personal data protection legislation. The conditions of engagement are determined by the Data Processing Agreement .Such an agreement, the conclusion of which is required by law, therefore forms an integral and binding part of the contractual relationship between iubenda and its clients. Appointment of iubenda as Service Provider The clients acknowledge and accept that by using the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution they are engaging iubenda to process Personal Data as “service provider” pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act. The conditions of engagement are determined by the Service Provider Addendum . Such an agreement, the conclusion of which is required by law, therefore forms an integral and binding part of the contractual relationship between iubenda and its clients. Description of the service The Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution provided by iubenda allows websites and apps to request and manage consent for the use of cookies and similar technologies and to handle the preferences of US users related to their privacy rights. Final users can accept or refuse the installation of cookies and similar technologies or personalize the related consent’s preferences through the banner displayed by the solution upon their first visit to a website or app. If the Cookie and Consent Preference Log (CPL) is enabled, the consent preferences for the installation of cookies and similar technologies expressed by final users are stored in the CPL and can be retrieved at any time.When final users navigates on a website/application where the iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution is installed, a technical cookie is injected which contains the following information, for which iubenda acts as data processor: * Cookie Policy id number; * consent date and time; * consent content (accept/reject); * how the consent has been given (banner dismissal, button click etc.). Depending on the configuration chosen, such technical cookie can be stored either on the iubenda.com domain (if the option enableRemoteConsent is active), or on the client’s domain (default setting). From the above information, iubenda retrieves aggregate counters per day which indicate the number of consents given vs. the totality of the consents requested, including the indication of how the consent is given. Contact information Owner and Data Controller iubenda s.r.l. Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italy) Milan Chamber of Commerce EU VAT No: IT07347120961 UK VAT No: GB 370904694 SC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) Legal Representative: Andrea Giannangelo Owner contact email: info@iubenda.com Latest update: July 10, 2023 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.Cookie Policy of www.iubenda.com To find more information on California consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Virginia consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Colorado consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Connecticut consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Utah consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Website to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Website. For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate. For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker. Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document. This Website uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them. The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session. In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information — such as the presence of other Trackers — in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner. Activities strictly necessary for the operation of this Website and delivery of the Service This Website uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service. First-party Trackers Storage duration: _iubenda_session: duration of the sessionlocale: 1 yearcountry: 1 yearremember_user_token: 3 monthsclose_share_completion_body: 3 monthssorting_order: 1 yearsorting_type: 1 year Third-party Trackers Traffic optimization and distribution This type of service allows this Website to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between this Website and the User's browser. Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred. Akamai Content Delivery Network (Akamai Technologies, Inc.) Akamai Content Delivery Network is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Akamai Technologies, Inc. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Contract. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data, for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose. Infrastructure monitoring This type of service allows this Website to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Website. New Relic (New Relic) New Relic is a monitoring service provided by New Relic Inc. The way New Relic is integrated means that it filters all traffic of this Website, i.e., communication between the Application and the User's browser or device, while also allowing analytical data on this Website to be collected. Personal Data processed: Trackers, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.Legal basis for processing: Legitimate interest. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data as long as necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Storage duration: NRREFL: 3 monthsNRREFP: 2 months_newrelic_ui_session: 1 daylogin_service_login_newrelic_com_tokens: 21 yearsnr_secure: 1 daynr_zd_logged_in: 1 day Handling payments Unless otherwise specified, this Website processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers. This Website isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed. PayPal (PayPal Inc.) PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments. Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Binding corporate rules. Data retention period: Keeping the data as long as required by relevant national law. Storage duration: __paypal_storage__: indefiniteakavpau_ppsd: duration of the sessionenforce_policy: duration of the sessionl7_az: duration of the sessionnsid: duration of the sessionts: duration of the sessiontsrce: duration of the sessionx-cdn: duration of the sessionx-pp-s: duration of the session Braintree (PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.) Braintree is a payment service provided by Braintree, a division of PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Legal basis for processing: Contract. Place of processing: See the Braintree privacy policy – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data as long as required by relevant national law. Storage duration: simpleStorage: indefinite Collection of privacy-related preferences This type of service allows this Website to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the collection, use, and processing of their personal information, as requested by the applicable privacy legislation. iubenda Consent Database (iubenda srl) The iubenda Consent Database allows to store and retrieve records of Users’ consent to the processing of Personal Data, and information and preferences expressed in relation to the provided consent. In order to do so, it makes use of a Tracker that temporarily stores pending information on the User’s device until it is processed by the API. The Tracker (a browser feature called localStorage) is at that point deleted. Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service and Trackers. Legal basis for processing: Contract. Place of processing: Italy – Privacy Policy . Data retention period: Keeping the data for the duration of the contract (upon termination of the contract, if applicable, as long as required by the applicable law). Storage duration: ConS JS library localStorage (IUB_DATA): indefinite iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution (iubenda srl) The iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution allows the Owner to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the processing of personal information, and in particular to the use of Cookies and other Trackers on this Website. Personal Data processed: Trackers. Legal basis for processing: Legal obligation. Place of processing: Italy – Privacy Policy . Storage duration: _iub_cs-*: 1 yearusprivacy: 1 year Building and running this Website Key components of this Website are built and run directly by the Owner by making use of the software listed below. Swiftype - search bar (Elasticsearch BV) Swiftype is a search engine embedding service provided by Elasticsearch BV that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Legitimate interest. Place of processing: Netherlands – Privacy Policy . Elev.io (Elevio Pty. Ltd.) The Elev.io is a service for interacting with the Elevio support and feedback platform provided by Elevio Pty. Ltd. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Legitimate interest. Place of processing: Australia – Privacy Policy .Other activities involving the use of Trackers Basic interactions & functionalities This Website uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner. Interaction with live chat platforms This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live chat platforms directly from the pages of this Website, in order to contact and be contacted by this Website‘s support service. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged. Freshdesk Messaging Widget (Freshworks, Inc.) The Freshdesk Messaging Widget is a service for interacting with the Freshdesk live chat platform provided by Freshworks, Inc. Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service, email address, Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data as long as necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Storage duration: _fw_crm_v: 1 year Registration and authentication By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Website to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Website will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes. Some of the services listed below may also collect Personal Data for targeting and profiling purposes; to find out more, please refer to the description of each service. Facebook Authentication (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network. Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: _fbp: 3 monthsfbssls_*: duration of the session Tag Management This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Website in a centralized fashion. This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data. Segment (Twilio, Inc.) Segment is a tag management service provided by Twilio, Inc. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: No data transfer. Data retention period: Keeping the data, for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose. Storage duration: __storejs__: indefinite__tld__: duration of the sessionajs%3Acookies: duration of the sessionajs%3Atest: duration of the sessionajs_anonymous_id: 1 yearajs_group_id: 1 yearajs_group_properties: indefiniteajs_user_id: 1 yearajs_user_traits: indefiniteseg_first_url: 1 yearseg_first_utm: 1 yearsegmentio*: indefinite RudderStack (self-hosted) (this Website) RudderStack (self-hosted) is a tag management service used by this this Website. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Legal basis for data transfer: No data transfer. Storage duration: rl_user_id: duration of the sessionrl_anonymous_id: duration of the sessionrl_auth_token: duration of the sessionrl_group_id: duration of the sessionrl_group_trait: duration of the sessionrl_page_init_referrer: duration of the sessionrl_page_init_referring_domain: duration of the sessionrl_session: duration of the sessionrl_trait: duration of the sessionrudder.*.ack: duration of the sessionrudder.*.inProgress: duration of the session rudder.*.queue: duration of the sessionrudder.*.reclaimEnd: duration of the sessionrudder.*.reclaimStart: duration of the sessiontest_rudder_cookie: 1 year Experience enhancement This Website uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms. Access to third-party accounts This type of service allows this Website to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.Facebook account access (Meta Platforms, Inc.) This service allows this Website to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. Permissions asked: device information, Email and Trackers. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: _fbp: 3 months Displaying content from external platforms This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Website and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. TrustBox widget (Trustpilot A/S) The TrustBox widget is a reviews and ratings service provided by Trustpilot A/S that allows this Website to incorporate that content on its pages. Personal Data processed: clicks, page views, Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: Denmark – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: No data transfer. Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties This type of service allows Users to interact with data collection platforms or other services directly from the pages of this Website for the purpose of saving and reusing data. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Typeform widget (TYPEFORM S.L) The Typeform widget is a service for interacting with the Typeform data collection platform provided by TYPEFORM S.L. Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service, email address and Trackers. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: Spain – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Measurement This Website uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service. Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Ads conversion tracking Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on this Website. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy ; Ireland – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: IDE: 2 yearstest_cookie: 15 minutes Heap Analytics (Heap Inc.) Heap Analytics is an analytics service provided by Heap Inc, that allows the Owner to analyze revenue and Users’ (commercial) activity on this Website. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data, for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose. Storage duration: _hp2_hld*: duration of the session_hp2_id.*: 2 years_hp2_props.*: 2 years_hp2_ses_props.*: 30 minutesuserty.core.p.app_id_hash*: 2 yearsuserty.core.s.app_id_hash*: duration of the session Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects data from the Meta Audience Network with actions performed on this Website. The Meta pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Meta Audience Network. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: _fbp: 3 monthsfr: 3 months LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) (LinkedIn Corporation) LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Insight Tag) is an analytics and behavioral targeting service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects data from the LinkedIn advertising network with actions performed on this Website. The LinkedIn Insight Tag tracks conversions that can be attributed to LinkedIn ads and enables to target groups of Users on the base of their past use of this Website. Users may opt out of behavioral targeting features through their device settings, their LinkedIn account settings or by visiting the AdChoices opt-out page .Personal Data processed: device information, Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data, for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose. Storage duration: AnalyticsSyncHistory: 1 monthJSESSIONID: duration of the sessionUserMatchHistory: 1 monthbcookie: 1 yearbscookie: 1 yearlang: duration of the sessionlidc: 1 daylms_ads: 1 monthlms_analytics: 1 month Analytics services managed directly by this Website The services contained in this section allow the Owner to collect and manage analytics through the use of first-party Trackers. Matomo (this Website) Matomo is an analytics software used by this Website to analyze data directly without the help of third parties. Personal Data processed: IP address, Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Legal basis for data transfer: No data transfer. Storage duration: _pk_cvar*: 30 minutes_pk_hsr*: 30 minutes_pk_id*: 2 years_pk_ref*: 7 months_pk_ses*: 30 minutes_pk_testcookie*: duration of the session Content performance and features testing (A/B testing) The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of this Website. GrowthBook Cloud (GrowthBook, Inc.) GrowthBook Cloud is an A/B testing service provided by GrowthBook, Inc. Personal Data processed: browser information, browsing history, clicks, crash data, device information, device logs, interaction events, operating systems, page views, scroll position, scroll-to-page interactions, Trackers and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Targeting & Advertising This Website uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads. Advertising This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. Impact (Impact Tech, Inc.) Impact is an advertising service provided by Impact Tech, Inc. Personal Data processed: Tracker and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Landbot Advertising campaigns service used for interactive surveys, forms, conversational chatbots, landing pages and lead generation bots. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Commercial affiliation This type of service allows this Website to display advertisements for third-party products or services. Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics. Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with this Website. For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service. ReferralCandy (Anafore Pte. Ltd.) ReferralCandy is a commercial affiliation service provided by Anafore Pte. Ltd. Personal Data processed: email address, first name, last name, Tracker and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: Singapore – Privacy Policy . Admitad (Admitad GmbH) Admitad is a commercial affiliation service provided by Admitad GmbH. Personal Data processed: Tracker, Universally unique identifier (UUID) and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: Germany – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses.CJ Affiliate (Epsilon International UK Ltd (part of Publicis Groupe)) CJ Affiliate is a commercial affiliation service provided by Epsilon International UK Ltd (part of Publicis Groupe). Personal Data processed: purchase history, Tracker and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United Kingdom – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: cje: 2 years Managing contacts and sending messages This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User. These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message. Vero (Vero Holdings Australia Pty. Ltd.) Vero is an email address management and message sending service provided by Vero Holdings Australia Pty. Ltd. Personal Data processed: email address, Tracker and Usage Data. Place of processing: Australia – Privacy Policy . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Data retention period: Keeping the data, for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose. Storage duration: __vero_user: duration of the session__vero_visit: duration of the session__veroc4: duration of the session Remarketing and behavioral targeting This type of service allows this Website and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Website by the User. This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. Google Ads Remarketing Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects the activity of this Website with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy . Users can opt out of Google's use of Trackers for ads personalization by visiting Google's Ads Settings . Personal Data processed: Tracker and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out ; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: AID: 2 yearsANID: 2 yearsConversion: 3 monthsDSID: 14 daysFCNEC: 1 yearFLC: 10 secondsFPAU: 3 monthsFPGCLAW: 3 monthsFPGCLDC: 3 monthsFPGCLGB: 3 monthsIDE: 2 yearsNID: 6 monthsRUL: 1 yearTAID: 14 days__gads: 2 years__gsas: 2 years_gac__gac_gb__gcl_au: 3 months_gcl_aw: 3 months_gcl_dc: 3 months_gcl_gb: 3 months _gcl_gf: 3 months_gcl_ha: 3 monthsid: 2 yearstest_cookie: 15 minutes Meta Custom Audience (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Meta Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Meta Audience Network. Users can opt out of Meta's use of Trackers for ads personalization by visiting this opt-out page . Personal Data processed: email address and Tracker. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: _fbp: 3 months Facebook Remarketing (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Meta Audience Network. Personal Data processed: Tracker and Usage Data. Legal basis for processing: Consent. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out . Legal basis for data transfer: Standard data protection clauses. Storage duration: _fbp: 3 months How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant: Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available. It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent. Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history. With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Locating Tracker Settings Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings and look for the relevant setting). How to opt out of interest-based advertising Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps. Consequences of denying consent Users are free to decide whether or not to grant consent. However, please note that Trackers help this Website to provide a better experience and advanced functionalities to Users (in line with the purposes outlined in this document). Therefore, in the absence of the User's consent, the Owner may be unable to provide related features. Owner and Data Controller iubenda s.r.l. Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italy) Milan Chamber of Commerce EU VAT No: IT07347120961 UK VAT No: GB 370904694 SC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) Legal Representative: Andrea Giannangelo Owner contact email: info@iubenda.com Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Website cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document. Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Website. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Usage Data Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Processor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.This Website (or this Application) The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. Legal information This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation). This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: July 14, 2023 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 1700+ clauses, available in 11 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 11 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda Documentation Documentation Getting Started Compliance for: Legal Requirements Main Legislations GDPR Cookie Law / ePrivacy US State Laws CalOPPA and COPPA LGPD Other Legislations Common Scenarios Blogs and Websites E-commerce Emails and Newsletters Apps Facebook Pages and Apps Children Multi-lingual Websites and Apps Ads and Affiliate Programs Analytics and Other Google Services Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Creating Your Policy Generating Adding Services Adding Owner Details Languages Editing/Updating Your Policy iubenda Branding Advanced Settings Embedding Your Policy General Apps Popular Platforms Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Changelog Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Introduction Cookie Banner Setup and Customization Advertising Tracking Preferences Languages For US Installation and Prior Blocking Implementation Plugins and integrations Prior Blocking Implementation Advanced Stats Troubleshooting and FAQs Channels and Changelog Terms and Conditions Generator Creating Your Document Editing/Updating Your Document Advanced options Embedding Your Document General Popular Platforms Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Changelog Consent Database Getting Started Implementation Popular Platforms WordPress Advanced Troubleshooting and FAQs Register of Data Processing Activities Resources Videos Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Templates GDPR CPRA & CCPA Cheat Sheets, Checklists and Tests Account and Billing Plans and Licenses Payment Invoices Partners and Affiliates About iubenda Legal Requirements Overview As the world becomes more dependent on digital products and services, data privacy has increasingly become a top priority for many countries and regions. As a result, many regions have put in place robust and enforceable data regulations by which businesses are expected to comply. In most cases, non-compliance with these regulations can not only lead to major financial consequences, but it can also lead to significant and lasting damage to public trust and the reputation of your organization. It is, therefore, important to ensure that your business meets its legal obligations.General Legal Requirements Major Components Under the vast majority of legislations, if you’re processing personal data you’re generally required to make disclosures related to your data processing activities via a comprehensive privacy policy , ensure that there are effective security measures in place for protecting personal data and implement methods for receiving user consent or facilitating its withdrawal. This privacy information must be up-to-date, understandable, unambiguous, and easily accessible throughout the website or app. Some component requirements may vary based on the type of processing activity, region, user age or business type. It is, therefore, worth noting that in addition to the general points outlined here, you may have further responsibilities depending on your law of reference. You can read more situation specific information in the sections below. Disclosures In general, users need to be informed of: Website/app owner detailsThe effective date of your privacy policyYour notification process for policy changesWhat data is being collectedThird-party access to their data (who the third-parties are and what data they’re collecting)Their rights in regards to their data. You may be further responsible for making additional disclosures to users, third-parties and the supervisory authority depending on your law of reference. One such law is the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) . Under the CCPA, users need to be informed, in particular, of the possibility of their data being sold ( you can think “sold” here as “shared with third parties for any profit, monetary or otherwise”). The disclosure needs to be visible from the homepage of the site and must include an opt-out ( DNSMPI ) link. You can read more about CCPA compliance here . Consent Consent here refers to the informed voluntary agreement of an individual to engage in a particular event or process. Broadly speaking, users need to be able to decline, withdraw or give (depending on the regional law) consent . Consent may be acquired using any method that would require the user to take a direct and verifiable affirmative action; these can include checkboxes, text fields, toggle buttons, sending an email in confirmation etc. Determining your law of reference Generally, the laws of a particular region apply if: You base your operations there; orYou use processing services or servers based in the region; orYour service targets users from that region This effectively means that regional regulations may apply to you and/or your business whether you’re located in the region or not. For that reason, it’s always advisable that you approach your data processing activities with the strictest applicable regulations in mind. You can read more about which laws apply to you here . Region-Specific Requirements – US law In the US , there is no single comprehensive national body of data regulations; there are, however, various laws on a state level as well as industry guidelines and specific federal laws in place. Since online site/app activity is rarely limited to just one state, it’s always best to adhere to the strictest applicable regulations. With this in mind, the most robust data law framework is implemented by the state of California. The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) , implemented in 2004, was the first state law to make privacy policies mandatory and it applies to person or company whose website/app processes the personal data of California residents. In addition to the generally required disclosures above , CalOPPA also requires that you: Conspicuously post your privacy policy on the homepage of your website/ appInclude in your privacy policy a description of the process by which users can request changes to personal data (if such a process exists)Include in your privacy policy a statement on how “Do Not Track” requests are handled Notify affected users in the occurrence of security breaches that impact their data In regards to consent, US law generally requires that you give users a clear option for withdrawing consent (opt-out). Different rules apply, however, in cases involving “sensitive data” (e.g. health information, credit reports, student data, personal information of children under 13). In such cases, there must be a verifiable opt-in action such as checking a box or some other affirmative action. Special Care Regarding Children If your service is knowingly collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from children under 13 , then special regulations apply to those data processing activities. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA is a US federal law implemented to better protect the personal data and rights of children under 13 years of age.Under this law, if you operate a website or online service which is directed to children under 13, or you have actual knowledge that you’re collecting personal information from children under 13, you must give notice to parents and get their verifiable consent before collecting, using, or disclosing the information, and must keep the information collected secure . “Verifiable” here means using a method of attaining consent that is not easily faked by a child and that is demonstrably likely to be given by an adult (e.g. checking a form of government-issued ID against an applicable database). What is meant by the “personal information” of children “Personal information” within this context refers to the child’s: Name or ID information (eg. social security number)Location info including physical address, geolocation data or IP addressAny contact information including phone numbers and email addressesDevice identifiersMedia containing the child’s image or voice, including photos, videos or audio files 💡 Learn more about legal requirements regarding children and COPPA . Region-Specific Requirements – EU law GDPR In the EU the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) was introduced in an effort to centralize data protection for people in the EU and became fully enforceable in May 2018 . At its most basic, it specifies how personal data should be lawfully processed (including how it’s collected, used, protected or interacted with in general). Where it applies The GDPR can apply where: An entity’s base of operations is in the EU (this applies whether the processing takes place in the EU or not);An entity not established in the EU offers goods or services (even if the offer is for free) to people in the EU. The entity can be government agencies, private/public companies, individuals and non-profits;An entity is not established in the EU but it monitors the behaviour of people who are in the EU, provided that such behaviour takes place in the EU. This scope effectively covers almost all companies and, therefore, means that the GDPR can apply to you whether your organization is based in the EU or not. Note: The protections of the GDPR also extend to users outside the EU if the data controller is EU based . Therefore, if you are an EU-based data controller you must, by default, apply GDPR standards to ALL your users. Where it does not apply The conditions of applicability of the GDPR are set from a material and a territorial point of view. To determine, whether or not a specific processing activity is exempt from its applicability, we have to consider both aspects. Material point of view The GDPR applies to the processing of personal data . Therefore, it does not apply to company data, such as a company name and address. Be careful here, however, because normally “natural persons” work in a company, any data referring to them would, therefore, be deemed “personal”, regardless of whether they are processed in a Business to Customer (B2C) or Business to Business (B2B) context. Furthermore, personal data may not fall under the scope of the GDPR in several other scenarios including where they are processed by a natural person for a purely personal or household activity. You can read more about this in the dedicated guide here Territorial point of view In addition to and notwithstanding the above, we’ve already mentioned under which conditions the GDPR applies . Consequently, for a processing activity not to be subjected to the GDPR from a territorial point of view, the following must apply cumulatively: the controller (or processor) is not based within the EU. Note: Always remember that the controller (or processor) could also be an EU-branch office of a non-EU corporation: in that case, even if the branch office were to have no legal personality, the GDPR would fully apply; the processing does not relate to the offering of goods or services (even for free) to data subjects in the Union or the monitoring of their behavior as far as it takes place within the Union; the controller is not based in an extra-EU place, where EU law applies due to international public law. See examples in the dedicated guide here Ask our experts live View live demos and have your questions answered in real time by attending one of our free English webinars. They are all practical and designed to really help you with understanding and achieving compliance for your websites or apps. GDPR Requirements In general, the GDPR requires that you: Have a lawful basis. The GDPR requires that you have at least one lawful basis for processing user data. There are 6 lawful bases outlined under the GDPR. Acquire verifiable consent. Under the GDPR, consent is one of several legal/ lawful bases for processing user data and as such, it must be “freely given, specific, informed and explicit”.This means that the mechanism for acquiring consent must be unambiguous and involve a clear “opt-in” action (the regulation specifically forbids pre-ticked boxes and similar “opt-out” mechanisms). The GDPR also gives users a specific right to withdraw consent and, therefore, it must be as easy to withdraw consent as it is to give it. Because consent under the GDPR is such an important issue, it’s vital that you document and keep clear records related to the consent. Records of consent should at least contain the following information: The identity of the user giving consent;When they consented;What disclosures were made (what they were told) at the time they consented;Methods used for obtaining consent (e.g., newsletter form, during checkout etc.);Whether they have withdrawn consent or not Consent is not the ONLY reason that an organization can process user data; it is only one of the “legal bases”, therefore companies can apply other lawful (within the scope of GDPR) bases for data processing activity. With that said, there will always be data processing activities where consent is the only or best option. Many Data Protection Authorities across the EU have strengthened their requirements and aligned their rules on cookies and trackers with the requirements of the GDPR. More specifically, it’s required that you record and store proofs of your users’ preferences. The Cookie and Consent Preference Log is now available in our Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution. Click here for more info on how to activate the Cookie and Consent Preference Log within your Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution. Data Subjects’ rights Under the GDPR users have statutory rights in regards to their data. Not only must you as the controller honor those rights, but you must also inform users about them. Such rights include: The right to be informed In addition to the generally required disclosures outlined above, the GDPR further requires that you ensure that your privacy notices are concise, easy-to-understand and easily accessible throughout your website/app. The right of access Users have the right to access to their personal data and information about how their personal data is being processed. The right to rectification Users have the right to have their personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. The right to object Under the GDPR, users have the right to object to certain activities in relation to their personal data. The right to data portability Under certain conditions, users have the right to obtain (in a machine-readable format) and use their personal data for their own purposes. The right to erasure When data is no longer relevant to its original purpose or where users have withdrawn consent, users have the right to request that their data be erased and all dissemination ceased. The right to restrict processing Users have the right to restrict the processing of their personal data in specific cases. Rights related to automated decision making and profiling Users have the right to not be subjected to a decision when it is based on automated processing or profiling, and it produces a legal or a similarly significant effect on the user. Meet specific requirements if transferring data outside of the EEA. The GDPR permits data transfers of EU resident data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) only when in compliance with set conditions. Implement privacy by design and default. Under the GDPR, data protection should be included from the onset of design and development of the business processes and infrastructure. Disclose security breaches. Under the GDPR, you are required to inform the supervisory authority of security breaches involving user data within 72 hours of becoming aware of it. In many cases you’re also required to inform affected users. Appoint a DPO (where certain conditions are met). Under certain conditions, you may be required to appoint a Data Protection Officer, who will have the task to oversee all processing activities and monitor compliance with applicable law. Cases for mandatory appointment include situations where large-scale, systematic processing of user data occurs and where special categories of data (i.e. sensitive data) are being processed. Maintain records of processing activities. As stipulated in Article 30, the GDPR requires that you keep and maintain “full and extensive” up-to-date records of the particular data processing activities . Full and extensive records of processing are expressly required in cases where your data processing activities are not occasional , where they could result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of others, where they involve the handling of “special categories of data” or where your organization has more than 250 employees — this effectively covers almost all data controllers and processors .However, even if your processing activities somehow fall outside of these situations, your information duties to users make it necessary for you to keep basic records relating to which data you collect, its purpose, all parties involved in its processing and the data retention period — this is mandatory for everyone. Read more about how to maintain compliant records for controllers and processors in our GDPR guide . Carry out a DPIA (where certain conditions are met). In cases where the data processing activity is likely to result in a high risk to users, the GDPR requires that a Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA) be carried out. 💡 You can read more about the GDPR here . ePrivacy Directive (Cookie Law) Because using cookies means both processing user data and installing files that could be used for tracking, it is a major point of concern when it comes to user data privacy rights. The ePrivacy Directive (or Cookie Law was implemented to address this concern. Under the Cookie law, organizations that target users from the EU must inform users about data collection activities and give them the option to choose whether it’s allowed or not. This means that if your site/app (or any third-party service used by your site/app) uses cookies, you must first obtain valid consent prior to the installation of those cookies, except where those cookies fall into the category of exempt cookies . 💡 To learn more about which EU cookie consent rules apply on a per-country basis, check out our Cookie Consent Cheatsheet here . Cookie banner So in practice, you’ll need to show a banner at the user’s first visit, implement a cookie policy that contains all required information, and provide or inform users of the means by which they can refuse (or withdraw consent to) the processing. Prior to informed and explicit consent, no cookies – except for exempt cookies – can be installed. Cookie consent vs. “regular” consent As mentioned above, “consent” is one of the six legal bases admitted by the GDPR and must be expressed and documented in very specific ways in order to be deemed valid. The question is: do you have to treat the consent to the use of cookies the same way as the “regular” consent to specific data processing activities e.g. sending out newsletters If the answer were “yes”, this would mean that you’d have to comply with all the extensive requirements for consent validity even when placing cookies, however, at the moment, most commentators agree that this would be both unfeasible and not what is intended by the EU legislator. Therefore, the simplified consent requirements under the ePrivacy Directive are still thought to be primarily applicable to the placing of cookies , due largely in part to the provision of GDPR-Article 95. However, please be aware that this is a hotly debated issue. This issue will only truly be resolved when the planned ePrivacy Regulation, currently still under development, is adopted. The banner must: briefly explain the purpose of the installation of cookies that the site uses;be sufficiently conspicuous so as to make it noticeable;link to (a cookie policy) or make available details of cookie purpose, usage and related third-party activity;clearly state which actions will indicate consent. Cookie policy The Cookie Policy must: describe in detail the purpose of installation of cookies;indicate all the third parties who install or that could install cookies, with a link to the respective privacy policy, the cookie policy, and any consent forms;inform the user of how they can exercise their right to refuse/withdraw consent. Blocking cookies before consent In compliance with the general principles of privacy legislation, which prevent processing before consent, the cookie law does not allow the installation of cookies before obtaining user consent. In practice, this means that you may have to employ a form of script blocking prior to user consent. Consent to cookies can be provided by several actions Subject to the local authority, these actions may include continued browsing, clicking on links or scrolling the page. In many cases, clicking on “ok”, closing the banner or continued navigation of a cookie-installing website can be considered active consent to the placing of cookies — provided that users had been previously and clearly informed about this consequence . Exemptions to the consent requirement Some cookies are exempt from the consent requirement and therefore are not subject to preventive blocking (though you’re still required to inform users about your use of cookies – see caution box below). The exemptions are as follows: Technical cookies strictly necessary for the provision of the service. These include preference cookies, session cookies, load balancing, etc.Statistical cookies managed directly by you (not third-parties), providing that the data is not used for profiling *Anonymized statistical third-party cookies (e.g.Google Analytics) * *This exemption may not be applicable for all regions and is therefore subject to specific local regulations. Caution The exemption to the consent requirement only clearly applies to non-tracking technical cookies strictly necessary for the functioning of services that were expressly requested by the user. A real-world example of this would be an e-commerce site that allows users to “hold” items in their cart while they’re using the site or for the duration of a session. In this scenario, the technical cookies are both necessary for the functioning of the purchasing service and are explicitly requested by the user when they indicate that they would like to add the item to the cart. Do note, however, that these session-based technical cookies are not tracking cookies . Other examples of these technical cookies would be user-centric session-based cookies used to detect authentication abuses, load-balancing session cookies, and Multimedia player session cookies related to and necessary for the provision of services requested by the user. So does this mean that I don’t need to have a Cookie Banner in such cases? Firstly, it’s critical to note that even where this exception to the consent requirement applies, you’ll still need to inform the user of your use of cookies via a cookie policy.The banner is not necessarily required in this specific instance if the cookie policy is easily accessible and visible from every page of the site. In future, the ePrivacy Directive will be replaced by the ePrivacy Regulation and as such, will work alongside the GDPR. The upcoming regulation is expected to still uphold the same values as the directive. Situational Legal Requirements E-commerce These requirements are typically addressed via a valid, up-to-date terms and conditions document (also called ToS – terms of service, terms of use, or EULA – end user license agreement). In addition to the disclosures and requirements outlined above (and subject to your law of reference), if operating an e-commerce website or app, you’re further subject to the applicable commercial laws and industry rules. Regarding B2B commerce Generally, those involved in B2B commercial transactions will be subject to whichever contract, industry and national guidelines are applicable. However, participating in B2B commerce often requires that personal data be processed (be it that of employees or otherwise), in such cases, and where the processing falls within its scope , the GDPR applies and takes precedence. Regarding B2C commerce Under most countries’ consumer laws, when selling to consumers , in addition to the default required privacy disclosures , you’ll need to inform customers of the following: Returns/Refund details ; Warranty/ Guarantee information (where applicable); Safety information, including instructions for proper use (where applicable); Terms of delivery of product/ service; Identifying information such as a legal address and business name; Rights of consumers (such as withdrawal rights ), where applicable; Seller contact details (e.g. email address). US law In general, at least at the federal level, there are no rules in the United States that require businesses to include a terms and conditions document in their websites, as mandatory disclosures are mainly regulated on a state-by-state basis. While e-commerce disclosure requirements come into consideration primarily at the state level, it is best practice and in businesses’ interest to include certain information in the Terms and Conditions document. It is advisable for businesses to include provisions that protect their activity, such as limitations of liability, declaration of applicable law and jurisdiction, and a clear delivery and return policy. How iubenda can help you iubenda allows you to include different US-specific clauses in your Terms and Conditions: DMCA clauses : the Digital Millennium Copyright Act provides safe harbor for copyright infringement liability to online service providers that meet certain requirements (in order to qualify for safe harbor protection, service providers—for example, those that allow users to post or store material on their systems, search engines, directories, and other information location tools— must, among others, designate an agent to receive notifications of claimed copyright infringements, disclose designated agent’s contact information and add a DMCA-specific policy); How to find the related clause: Content rights → Advanced → DMCA clause Exclusion of countries on a US sanctions list (if you are based or conduct business in the US) : you can add a statement ruling out users: a) located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “State Sponsor of Terrorism”; or b) included in any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.Note that, for example, this is a requirement mandated by Apple for apps distributed via the Apple App Store; How to find the related clauses: Mobile app → Base statements → Base clause for apps distributed via the Apple App Store Target audience → Other → Exclude geographies that are on a US sanction/embargo list Price displaying: in general, applicable laws might determine specific requirements on how prices must be displayed. According to US standards, you may specify, for example, whether prices are displayed either inclusive AND exclusive of applicable fees, taxes, and costs, depending on which part of “your application” is being viewed; or exclusive of applicable fees, taxes, and costs; How to find the related clause: Business model, payments and user rights → Purchasing process → Purchasing process and prices → Advanced: purchasing process settings → Customize how prices are displayed → Specify how prices are displayed Marketplace scenarios and marketplace service description : addition for applications targeting the US market; How to find the related clauses: Business model, payments and user rights → Base three-party scenario (“marketplaces”, “three-party scenario”) clauses→ Marketplace scenarios → Base marketplace clauses → Marketplace service description → Describe your marketplace in the service description → “Your application” is a “comparison” service → Addition for applications targeting the US Business model, payments and user rights → Base three-party scenario (“marketplaces”, “three-party scenario”) clauses→ Marketplace scenarios → Base marketplace clauses → Wording/Description addition for applications targeting the US Competent jurisdiction : you may state that the competence to decide any dispute that may arise belongs to the courts of the place where you are based, or other courts of your choosing, or add an arbitration clause. Furthermore, you may also include US-related trial by jury or class action waivers; How to find the related clauses: Common provisions → Governing law and venue → Define venue of jurisdiction Common provisions → Governing law and venue → Define venue of jurisdiction → US users addition against trial by jury or class actions US disclaimers of warranties, limitations of liability, and indemnity clauses ; How to find the related clause: Disclaimers of warranties, limitations of liability and indemnity → US practice → Address US users with applicable disclaimers of warranties, limitations of liability and indemnity clauses Severability statement for US-type documents ; How to find the related clause: Common provisions → Severability statements → Severability statement addition for US-type documents/users Wording for surviving provisions for US-type documents . How to find the related clause: Common provisions → US related statements → Suggested wording for surviving provisions for US type documents/users iubenda also offers some general clauses that, even if not US-specific, may be still applicable to the US, if selected. Here are some examples: Clauses related to delivery : you may add different delivery clauses which are useful in order to describe your delivery procedure; How to find the related clause: Business model, payments and user rights → General commerce and business model → Goods → Clauses related to delivery Governing law : you may specify either that the governing law is the one of the place in which your business is located; or, in general, a governing law of your choice, if different. In principle, you may decide which law shall govern your terms and, by consequence, any related dispute (however, please note that, in most jurisdictions, there might be mandatory regulations overriding your choice of law, e.g., consumer laws); How to find the related clause: Common provisions → Governing law and venue → Define governing law Guarantee clauses (extension to non-EU users) : in the US, at least at national level, businesses are generally not required to provide a warranty on products. However, in the occurrence of certain circumstances, an implied warranty may apply even in the absence of a written one (written warranties, if given, should at least adhere to industry standards of fairness and the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code). With iubenda, on a voluntary basis, you may decide to extend the guarantee of conformity according to EU legislation to non-EU consumers.Obviously, this benefit may not prevent those consumers from enjoying any broader guarantee rights pursuant to their applicable law, if any; How to find the related clause: Business model, payments and user rights → General commerce and business model → Goods → Guarantees related to goods → Mandatory guarantee of conformity for goods for European consumers → Advanced Right of withdrawal (extension to non-EU users) : in the US, at least at national level, businesses are generally not required to establish a return/refund policy for purchases made online, as in most cases this is implemented on a state-by-state basis. Under several state-laws, if no refund or return notice was made available to consumers before purchase, consumers are automatically granted extensive return/refund rights. Although e-commerce disclosures are still mostly enforced at state level, it is common practice to include this information in your terms and conditions document in many circumstances. With iubenda, you have the option to extend withdrawal rights to non-EU users. Please be informed that this may result in a considerable effort for your business, since you will be obliged to accept returns from potentially all over the world. How to find the related clause: Business model, payments and user rights → User rights ― required by law or offered voluntarily by you → Mandatory right of withdrawal for consumers in the EU → “Right of withdrawal” section (required by law for European consumers) → Applicability of withdrawal right → You offer goods or services that the right of withdrawal applies to→ Advanced: voluntary extensions of the withdrawal right → Withdrawal target audience → Who the withdrawal right applies to (you can extend it here contractually) However, we strongly recommend you to seek legal advice on the specific requirements of the market that you intend to target. EU law EU consumer law applies to contracts or other legal relationships between consumers (on one side) and professionals, businesses, companies on the other (B2C). It does not apply to B2B (e.g. a supermarket places an order with its fruit supplier) or C2C relationships (e.g. I sell my old bike over eBay). Among other things, under EU consumer law, consumers have an unconditional right to withdraw (“cooling off period”) of 14 days . This means that consumers may cancel or withdraw from distance contract (sales occurring online, over the phone, mail order) for any or no reason for 14 days after receiving the product (in the cases involving goods). It’s worth noting that 14 days is the statutory minimum ; in specific countries, national rules may extend this period, or single providers may extend is contractually. This right to withdraw does not apply in all situations. Some common exemptions are: Event and travel tickets & car rental reservations, but more in general any contract related to leisure activities, if the it provides for a specific date or period of performance;Sealed media items such as CDs which have been unsealed by the recipient;Digital content as soon as it’s downloaded by the consumer;Made to order or distinctly personalized items (eg. a tailored dress);Under some additional conditions, any contract about the delivery of a service, etc. Consumers located in the EU are also protected by a default legal 2 year guarantee on products purchased at no additional cost. Here again: 2-years is the statutory minimum ; in specific countries, national rules may extend this period, and it can be extended also contractually. These rules usually apply to any company selling to EU residents but may vary for international sellers on a case-by-case basis. It is worth noting, however , that in recent cases US courts have chosen to uphold the applicable EU law. So what’s the difference between returning a product on the grounds of withdrawal and returning it on the grounds of a guarantee? Applies for 14 days after receipt of the product or signing of the contract Applies for 24 months after receiving the product You don’t need to have any reason for exercising this right — you can simply change your mind You may only return a product on guarantee grounds because it’s faulty or otherwise unsuitable for the purposes it has been sold and purchased for You may have to bear the costs of returning the product (but it must be specified) You may not be required to bear any cost (it’s “the seller’s fault” if the product is faulty) Applies with some exceptions (some of which are mentioned above) Always applies to products, never applies to services EU law also mandatorily requires that sellers inform consumers of the European Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via direct link . The ODR, or “online dispute resolution” is a process that allows consumers based in the EU to easily file complaints (in regards to online sales) against companies also established in the EU.This means that ODR requirements can also apply to US companies that have any kind of physical presence in the EU. Note: UK businesses and UK consumers can no longer access the ODR platform after Brexit. Generally, privately owned websites (or similarly private social network profiles, blogs etc.) that merely have a private and personal purpose are not subject to additional regulations, however, various EU and national acts require online commercial operators to disclose certain information. In order to be deemed “commercial”, it is not necessary that you actually “sell” anything — a personal website may easily be considered commercial if, for instance, it generates considerable traffic an thereby creates relevant advertising revenue (e.g influencers) — however, if you do “sell” products or services, the information duties increase. If you sell directly to consumers (B2C), you’ll face additional information duties including but not limited to those listed above , as well as linking to the EU online resolution platform for consumers, listing precise delivery times, making disclosures regarding prices and applicable taxes as outlined in Directive 83/2011/EU . Emails and Newsletters An e-mail address is considered personal data. Therefore, whenever dealing with e-mail addresses, privacy law is triggered. As we have mentioned already, under most legislations you’re required to inform extensively about the processing activities, their purposes and the rights of users. Generally, such legislations apply to any service targeting residents of the region, which effectively means that they may apply to your business whether it’s located in the region or not. This is even more relevant if you’re using a bought email list, as in such a case you may not know the recipient’s country of residence. For this reason, it’s always advisable that you approach your data processing activities with the strictest applicable regulations in mind . US law Under the FTC’s CAN-SPAM Act , you do not need consent prior to adding users located in the US to your mailing list or sending them commercial messages , however, it is mandatory that you provide users with a clear means of opting out of further contact. EU law Under EU law (namely the GDPR ) it is mandatory that you obtain the informed consent of the user before subscribing them to the service. Under EU regulations, acquiring consent can be considered a two-part process that includes informing the user and obtaining verifiable consent via an affirmative action. 💡 You can read more about legal requirements regarding Newsletters and Email lists here . Children US law Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) is a United States federal law which was put in place to better protect the personal data and rights of children under 13 years of age. Under COPPA, operators of websites or online services that are either directed to children under 13, or which have actual knowledge that they are collecting personal information from children under 13 must give notice to parents and get their verifiable consent before collecting, using, or disclosing such personal information and must keep secure the information they collect from children. A central requirement of this Act is having a COPPA-compliant privacy policy in place. You can read more about compliance in the sections below and learn more about COPPA here . EU law Under EU GDPR regulations , consent is one of the lawful bases for processing the data of children . If using this basis for processing the data of children under 13, you must get verifiable consent from a parent or guardian unless the service you offer is a preventative or counseling service. ? You can learn more about legal requirements regarding children here . Other Legal Considerations Setting Terms and protecting your business Though not always legally required, a Terms & Conditions (T&C) document (also known as a Terms of Service, End-user license agreement or a Terms of Use agreement ) is often necessary for the sake of practicality and safety. It allows you to regulate the contractual relationship between you and your users and is therefore essential for, among other things, setting the terms of use and protecting you from potential liabilities . The T&C document is essentially a legally binding agreement; therefore not only is it important to have one in place, but it’s also necessary to ensure that it meets legal requirements. Generally, standard contract terms will apply and under the most laws, contracts used by traders must be fair . This means that the document must be up-to-date with all applicable regulations, precise, visible and easily understandable so that users can both easily see it and agree to it . The “agreeing action” should be done in an unambiguous way (e.g. clicking a checkbox with a visible link to the document before being able to create an account or use the service).While the full content may vary based on the particulars of your business, the Terms and Conditions should at least include the following: Identification of the business Description the service that your site/app providesInformation on risk allocation, liability, and disclaimers Warranty/Guarantee information (where applicable)The existence of a withdrawal right (if applicable) Safety information, including instructions for proper use (where applicable) Terms of delivery of product/service Rights of use (if applicable) Conditions of use / purchase (eg. age requirements, location-based restrictions) Refund policy/exchange/termination of service and related infoInfo related to methods of payment Any additional applicable terms ? You can learn more about Terms and Conditions here and how to create them . Third-party Requirements Third-party apps and services also need to follow the law. As organizations themselves, they too can be exposed to major reputational damage, fines, and sanctions if their legal obligations are not met. For this reason, it’s often mandatory that all partners and customers that use their services meet regulatory standards. Generally, they require that organizations that use their services have in place a compliant privacy policy (and cooky policy if cookies are in use) that discloses relevant details about the relationship and services rendered. Third-party apps and services also need to follow the law. For this reason, it’s often mandatory that all partners and customers that use their services meet regulatory standards One example is Google . In order to access certain services and tools (for example, AdSense, Google Analytics, Google Play store), Google requires that you have a comprehensive and up-to-date privacy policy in place. Here’s an excerpt from the Google Analytics terms of use : “You must post a Privacy Policy and that Privacy Policy must provide notice of Your use of cookies that are used to collect traffic data”, and “You must not circumvent any privacy features (e.g, an opt-out) that are part of the Service.” Another example is that of Amazon . Here’s an excerpt of what they had to say: We extended the requirement to disclose our affiliate relationship to any means where you may be leveraging Associates’ content. From time to time third party requirements can change in response to internal or regional regulations. It is, therefore, necessary to ensure that your policies meet the latest requirements in order to avoid potential penalties or interruption of service. ? You can read more about Google ‘s requirements here , and Amazon ‘s here . Consequences of non-compliance The legal ramifications of non-compliance include: Fines Non-compliance with CalOPPA or COPPA may lead to government officials bringing suit or seeking civil penalties against you. In one example , the owners of the Imbee website were fined US$130,000 for COPPA violations of allowing children under 13 to register without parental consent. Similar fines can apply under other state and federal laws. Non-compliance with GDPR requirements can carry fines up to EUR 20 million (€20m) or 4% annual worldwide turnover (whichever is greater). Disciplinary measures Disciplinary measures may be implemented against you if you are found to be in violation of regulations. These measures may include but are not limited to official reprimands (for first-time violations) and periodic data protection audits. The GDPR gives users the explicit right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority if they feel that any processing of their personal data was done in violation of regulations. So for example, if a report is made to the authority about an instance of regulatory violation, the authority may choose to perform an audit of your data processing operations. If it’s found that some processing activity was done unlawfully, not only is a fine imposed, but you may be forbidden from making further use of the data subject of the inquiry. This means that if the violation use was in regards to email address collection, you risk being barred from using the entire associated email list. Non-compliance with consumer or competition law (acts of unfair competition) may also entail fines by the competent (mostly national) authorities. Liability damages It is a general principle of civil law, that you have to compensate any unjust damage you’ve caused to someone else, in particular by violating a legal prescription. Among other acts, both the GDPR and the CalOPPA grant individual users the right to claim compensation for any damages resulting from a violation of their rights. The same reasoning would apply to any other applicable act or law, such as the EU’s consumer protection provisions. Remember that liability for damages applies in all relationships: also a business partner may be entitled to compensation if you violated a legal provision.For example, selling counterfeit goods via a partner platform like Amazon might result in the company taking legal action against you alongside the customers who purchased the counterfeit goods. Loss of services and contractual penalties Some third-party services ( including marketplaces and app stores ) may make compliance with specific regulations a part of their terms of use; violation of their terms may lead to service termination or potentially, permanent bans. Here is an example from Amazon Web Services Partner Network’s Terms and Conditions in regards to consent : For any Third-Party Data you provide to AWS, you represent and warrant that you have received all necessary consents for (a) you to share the Third Party Data with AWS and its Affiliates, and (b) AWS and its Affiliates to use the Third-Party Data to contact its subject(s) to market our goods and services and the Program. Criminal law Lastly, but perhaps most significantly, where certain conditions are met, it’s possible to face consequences via criminal law. If, for instance, you wilfully breach or ignore data protection provisions for commercial purposes (e.g. you sell peoples’ personal data without telling them) you may face severe consequences. However, criminal law is largely a national issue: conditions and consequences must be checked on a case-by-case basis. How iubenda can help you with compliance We believe in the importance of a comprehensive approach to data law compliance, for this reason, we keep track of the major legislations and build solutions with the strictest regulations in mind — giving you full options to customize as needed. This way, you can ensure that you meet your legal obligations (regardless of where your customers are located), reduce your risk of litigation and protect your customers, building trust and credibility. We keep track of the major legislations and build solutions with the strictest regulations in mind Here’s what you need to get started with full compliance : Informing users about personal data with a privacy policy As mentioned above, users must be informed about how you use their personal data. As such, privacy policies are legally required almost everywhere in the world. This legal document should state the ways in which your website or app collects, processes, stores, shares and protects user data, the purposes for doing so and the rights of the users in that regard. Our Privacy Policy Generator is affordable, available in several languages, lawyer crafted, customizable and self-updating (as it’s monitored remotely by our lawyers). It easily allows you to create a beautiful, precise privacy policy and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. You can simply add any of several pre-created clauses at the click of a button or easily write your own custom clauses. The privacy policy also comes with the option to include a cookie policy (it’s necessary to include it if your website or app is using cookies). The policies are customized to your needs and remotely maintained by a legal team. ? For more information on how to generate your privacy policy click here Complying with the EU Cookie Law Because using cookies means both processing user data and installing files used for tracking, it is a major point of concern when it comes to user data privacy rights. For this reason, if you operate in the EU or could potentially have EU users, you need to comply with the Cookie Law. There are 4 parts of this: Cookie policy , which you can find included as an option in the privacy policy generator mentioned above. Cookie banner which you can get with the iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution . Facilitating consent — giving the user the information and option to give, refuse or withdraw consent. Preemptively blocking (prior blocking) cookie-installing scripts prior to obtaining user consent. Our Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution complies with provisions of the ePrivacy Directive (Cookie Law). It allows you to easily inform users and obtain their consent while including the option to preemptively block any scripts that install cookies prior to user consent (which is required in many EU countries) . It’s easy to run, fast and does not require heavy investments. → Have your questions answered live and learn more about both the Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator and the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution by attending one of our free English webinars . ? For more information on our Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution, click here . Protecting you or your business with proper Terms and Conditions Though not always legally required, terms & conditions are pragmatically required. It governs the contractual relationship between you and your users and sets the way in which your product, service or content may be used, in a legally binding way. It is therefore vital that this contract be precise and up-to-date with all applicable regulations.It should include the general conditions for use of your service with special attention to “limitation of liability” clauses and disclaimers. Our Terms & Conditions generator helps you to easily generate and manage Terms and Conditions that are professional, customizable from over 100 clauses, available in 8 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations. It is powerful, precise, and capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios and customization needs. It comes with: guided set-up;hundreds of possible personalizations;legislation monitoring;plug-and-go integrations for popular store platforms such as Shopify and WooCommerce;pre-defined scenarios: buildable text modules for marketplace, affiliate programs, copyright, e-commerce, mobile , and more. The solution is optimized for everything from e-commerce, blogs, and apps, to complex scenarios like marketplace and, SaaS. Getting started is easy. Simply activate the Terms and Conditions (uses 1 Ultra license) within your dashboard and start generating. 💡 For a list of the full features of the Terms and Conditions Generator, click here or read the guide here . Managing consent and maintaining detailed records related to it In order to comply with privacy laws, especially the GDPR, companies need to store proof of consent so that they can demonstrate that consent was collected. These records must show: when consent was provided;who provided the consent;what their preferences were at the time of the collection;which legal or privacy notice they were presented with at the time of the consent collection;which consent collection form they were presented with at the time of the collection. Our Consent Database simplifies this process by helping you to easily store proof of consent and manage consent and privacy preferences for each of your users. It allows you to track every aspect of consent (including the legal or privacy notice and the consent form that the user was presented with at the time of consent collection) and the related preferences expressed by the user. To use, simply activate the Consent Database and get the API key, then install via HTTP API or JS widget and you’re done; you’ll be able to retrieve consents at any time and keep them updated. 💡 For a list of the full features of the Consent Database click here or read the guide here . Register of Data Processing Activities Meeting GDPR regulations can be a technical challenge to implement in practical terms. This is especially true for your register of data processing activities. In order to be compliant, you must be able to keep track of and to describe: which data you collect;for which purposes it was collected;the legal basis for processing;data retention policy for each processing activity;the parties involved (both inside and outside your organization);security measures;data transfer outside of the EU, if any; andother related details which may apply company-wide, including data of employees. Our solution helps you to easily record and manage all the data processing activity within your organization so that you can easily comply with requirements and meet your legal obligations. It allows you to create records of processing activity: add processing activities from 1700+ pre-made options;divide them by area (sub-divisions within which data processing activities are the same);assign processors and other member roles; and document legal bases and other GDPR-required records. Please note : Even if your processing activities somehow fall outside of the situations mentioned previously in this guide, your information duties to users (Articles 13 & 14) make it necessary for you to keep basic records relating to which data you collect, its purpose, all parties involved in its processing and the data retention period — this is mandatory for everyone Additionally, even though the GDPR is a common reason to put more effort into your register of data processing activities, our tool is not exclusively made for application under the GDPR. It can also be used for all your data processing activities in general, even by companies who do not have any users/customers within the EU . → Have your questions answered live and learn more about both the Consent Database and Register of Data Processing Activities Solution by attending one of our free English webinars . Please note that from time to time, laws are amended and updated. It’s therefore important to ensure that your policies meet the latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste . With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team. See also Read more about global legislation with our GDPR Guide , our ePrivacy (Cookie Law) Guide , our guide to Cookies and EU Data Law or our guide to US law Have Canadian users?Learn more about the CPPA – Canada’s upcoming privacy law . Read our service-specific guides for App creators , e-commerce websites , Emails and newsletters , or our guide for services used by children Using Google services ? Read our guides on Google Analytics , Adsense , and Ads Still have questions? Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Terms and Conditions Generator Consent Database Register of Data Processing Activities Company Legal Help Country iubenda s.r.l Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting. Click for sound Help suggested results