Site Privacy Software & Applications Software, Applications, & Services Play Video Play Mute Current Time Duration Time Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Stream Type Remaining Time Playback Rate Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions subtitles off , selected Subtitles captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected Captions en (Main) , selected Audio Track Fullscreen This is a modal window. Color Transparency Color Transparency Color Transparency Font Size Text Edge Style Font Family Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Privacy in Qualcomm Products and Services Jun 5, 2018 | 3:51 Qualcomm Location Service Qualcomm Location Service (formerly “IZat Location Services” or “IZat”) is technology offered by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. in the U.S., QT Technologies Ireland Limited in countries within the European Economic Area, and Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (Korea) YH in the Republic of Korea (a.k.a. South Korea). Qualcomm Location Service may enable your device to determine its location more quickly and accurately – even when your device is unable to get a strong GPS signal. Qualcomm Location Service may also help your device conserve battery power when you use applications or services requiring location data. If you use location-enabled applications, your device may send its location to such application providers. Location information provided to application providers is governed by their terms and privacy policies. We recommend you refer to the terms and privacy policies of those application providers. If your device includes Qualcomm Location Service, you must opt-in to enable it. If you do not opt-in to Qualcomm Location Service, your device will not benefit from the benefits from the service including slower location calculations and greater battery consumption when using location-based apps. Qualcomm Location Service works by periodically downloading data to your device regarding the locations of nearby cellular towers and Wi-Fi access points. This data may be combined with data from the sensors on your device such as the gyroscope or accelerometer to help your device determine its location and conserve battery power. Qualcomm Location Service periodically sends us a unique software ID, the location of your device (longitude, latitude and altitude, and its uncertainty) and nearby cellular towers and Wi-Fi hotspots, signal strength, and time (collectively, “Location Data”). As with any Internet communication, we also receive the IP address your device uses. We use the data we collect to help us evaluate, maintain, and improve the performance of our systems. Qualcomm Location Service uses a variety of reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect the data we collect. In addition, we do not permanently store Location Data with your software ID or IP address, nor do we attempt to personally identify users of Qualcomm Location Service. To evaluate, maintain and improve system performance, your software ID and IP address are associated with your Location Data for thirty days from receipt after which time it is permanently deleted. After removing IP addresses and software IDs, we aggregate the Location Data to create an anonymous database regarding the locations of cellular towers and Wi-Fi access points. We may retain and use the de-identified and/or anonymous data collected from Qualcomm Location Service for our business purposes. We do not sell (as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act) the full IP address or unique software ID collected from Qualcomm Location Service; and we share personal data only under the limited circumstances described in this Policy. If you are in the Republic of Korea, Qualcomm Location Service complies with the Location Information Protection Act (“Act”) and you are entitled to relevant rights under the Act. For questions or comments about our practices in Korea, please contact us at: Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (Korea) YH Attention Legal Department 4th, 15th, 16th & 17th Fl. 119, Nonhyeon-dong, Gangnam-gu Seoul, 135-820 Republic of Korea Telephone Number: 82-2-3404-1114 Qualcomm Technology Reporting (QTR) QTR is technology offered by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. in the U.S. and QT Technologies Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area. QTR may collect: (i) the names of the apps installed and/or running on the device, (ii) configuration information (such as make, model, operating system and version, firmware and versions, wireless carrier, mobile country code and network code, anonymous QTR software identifier, and chipset serial number (which does not identify you)), and (iii) device performance statistics (such as CPU, GPU, or modem performance). QTR uses a variety of reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect the data we collect.QTR typically uses Wi-Fi, but may, in limited circumstances, upload via your cellular network. As with any internet connection, we will receive the IP address the device used to send us data and we use the IP address to help us evaluate, maintain, and improve the performance of our systems and to determine general location (such as country, state, city, or zip code, but not specific geolocation). If we determine that QTR has sent us any data not identified in this Policy that could be personal data, we promptly delete such data after receipt. Some versions of QTR also have the capability of collecting the device’s international mobile equipment identifier (IMEI), but this capability is not currently being used. If, in the future, we collect IMEI, it will be collected for disclosed, necessary purposes, and in accordance with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. Finally, some versions of QTR also have the ability to allow you to opt in to send device location data. If you opt in to send location data, we may periodically collect the location of your device to help us, for example, to identify areas with low wireless signal coverage. We use the data QTR collects for the purposes described in this Policy, including to help us develop next generation mobile technologies to improve wireless performance, conserve battery power, develop advanced security, and improve our business operations. We do not sell (as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act) the full IP address, unique software ID, or chipset serial number collected from QTR; and we share personal data only under the limited circumstances described in this Policy. QTR offers a choice to opt out of data collection in the Android settings menu under the heading, “Qualcomm Technologies Reporting”. Opting out will not negatively affect your device performance. We retain the IP address for the purposes described in this Policy for up to ninety (90) days, after which we de-identify the IP address. The de-identified IP address and the other data collected by QTR are anonymous to us and we retain and use such data for our business purposes. Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service The Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service (formerly “XTRA”) is a service offered by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. in the US and QT Technologies Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area (collectively “QTI”) to its original equipment manufacturer customers. The Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service reduces the time and power required for on-device location calculation. The Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service downloads to your device a data file from QTI containing the predicted orbits of the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) satellites. The Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service also uploads a small amount of data to us comprised of: a randomly generated unique software ID that is not associated to you or to other IDs, the chipset name and serial number, the Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service software version, the mobile country code(s) and network code(s) (allowing identification of country and wireless operator), the type of operating system and version, device make and model, the date and time of connection to the server, the time since the last boot of the application processor and modem, and a list of QTI software on the device. As with any internet connection, we will also receive the IP address the device used to send us data. We use the data we collect to evaluate, maintain, and improve the performance of our systems and to determine general location (but not specific geolocation). We do not sell (as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act) the full IP address, unique software ID, or chipset serial number, and we share personal data only under the limited circumstances described in this Policy. Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service uses a variety of reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect the data we collect. We retain the IP address for up to ninety (90) days to evaluate, maintain, and improve the performance of our systems after which we de-identify the IP address. The de-identified IP address and the other data uploaded by Qualcomm GNSS Assistance Service is anonymous to us and we retain and use such data for our business purposes. Qualcomm Voice Assist (QVA) QVA is an Android system app that helps your voice-enabled applications (e.g., voice assistants) recognize your voice commands. You may update QVA through the Google Play store. QVA is not supported on all devices or for all voice-enabled applications. When you first enable QVA, you may be asked to speak a few phrases or repeat a specific word (a “wake word”) to train QVA to recognize you from others by creating a template of your voice.QVA stores the template on your device to recognize when you are giving a command, such as “what is the weather today?” QVA uses the template to help determine it was you who spoke the command and, if confirmed, sends the wake word detection to your voice-enabled application. Your template is retained on your device and not collected or shared with others. If you have granted permission to a voice enabled application, each time you speak the wake word, QVA may send a recording of it to the applicable voice enabled application. To delete your template, follow the instructions of the applicable voice-enabled application. You can uninstall QVA updates through Google Play or in system settings. You can also disable QVA in the system settings. If you uninstall the QVA updates or disable QVA, your voice-enabled applications may not function properly. Related Other Languages Qualcomm is enabling a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected. We are efficiently scaling the technologies that launched the mobile revolution to the next generation of connected smart devices. Quick links Company info Stay connected Get the latest Qualcomm and industry information delivered to your inbox. © 2015-2023 Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies. Snapdragon and Qualcomm branded products are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Qualcomm patented technologies are licensed by Qualcomm Incorporated. Note: Certain product kits, tools and materials may require you to accept additional terms and conditions before accessing or using those items. References to "Qualcomm" may mean Qualcomm Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the Qualcomm corporate structure, as applicable. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of our products and services businesses, including our QCT semiconductor business. Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. Nothing in these materials is an offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein. Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we, Qualcomm Incorporated and our subsidiaries (collectively “we”, “us”, or “our”), provide information about how we collect, use, process, and transfer personal data. Qualcomm Incorporated and our subsidiaries are a global organization sharing the data we manage across businesses (legal entities), business processes, and information systems around the world. Therefore, for this Policy, we use the term “personal data” broadly to cover the many privacy and data protection laws applicable to us; generally “personal data” means information related to an identified natural person or that could reasonably be used (by itself or in combination with other data available) to identify a natural person. Scope This Policy applies to our websites, products, services, software, or apps on which we post a direct link to this Policy or refer to within this Policy (collectively the "Services"). This Policy covers data collected through the Services and not any data collection or processing practices of other services that maintain their own, separate privacy policies. Occasionally, we refer to this Policy in relation to surveys and special-purpose web pages, for example, our Careers web pages; under such circumstances, this Policy applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection). Types of Data and Collection Methods The personal data we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make. (1) Websites When you visit our websites, we collect some information automatically. For example: Device and Browser Information: When you visit one of our websites, we collect general data from your computer or mobile device such as your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site, and if you are accessing our site with your mobile device, type of mobile device. Browsing Activities: We collect data about how you use our websites, such as the date and time you visit the site, the areas or pages of the site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the site, the number of times you return to the site and other click-stream data. Cookies. We use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect data about your use of our websites or web apps. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access the site. We use cookies to help operate our sites and Services, including to: (1) remember you so you don’t have to enter the same information when you return to the site, (2) provide you with customized content or offers on the site; (3) develop aggregate statistics to help monitor site performance, conduct research, improve our content and services, and (4) help protect the security of our sites and services. We also allow other companies, acting as our service providers, such as web analytics partners, advertisers, or ad networks to set or access their cookies or web beacons (also referred to as 1x1 pixel gifs or action tags) on the site. For example, we use third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. These third-party advertising companies use cookies and web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients, including us. To do so, these companies use data about your visits to our site and other websites over time. This data may include: date/time of banner ad shown, a unique identifier contained in their cookie, mobile IDs, the IP address of your device, and associated device and usage data. This data can also be used to personalize ads so that you are more likely to see ads about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and your choices about personalized advertising, please see our Cookie Policy or visit this opt-out article . You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use some features on the site or take full advantage of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. For further information, please see our Cookie Policy . (2) Marketing Events When you participate in our events or campaigns, we collect and process the personal data you provide to us. For example, if you take pictures or videos with devices provided by us, we collect and process your images and may use your email address to send you the processed pictures or video clips. If the device generates an augmented or virtual reality image of you, your snapshot will be converted into facial scan data, and then uploaded to our servers or those of our vendors to generate the face or body attributes (such as your perceived gender, hair color, skin color, age estimation, etc.), which is necessary to create the final products you requested.When you join and interact with our Snapdragon Insider program, either on a website, through a mobile app, or via other channels we provide, we collect your name, email address and other information as permitted by you to run this program. In addition, we may take photos, videos or any recordings in other formats about the events you participate in, for the purpose of recording the events for our internal use, external reporting, and public promotions to cultivate and maintain the company’s public relationship. Accordingly, we may collect your voice or image for media productions such as film, audio tape, video tape, audio-visual work, photograph, illustration, animation, broadcast, product packaging, advertising, or promotional material. (3) Software, Applications, and Services We offer a variety of software, applications, and services that collect or process data. Some such software, applications, and services, may include a data exchange with our servers to enable a functionality, deliver a service, enable research and development, or other business purpose. Some of our Services may be available on a publicly available app store and reference this Policy regardless of whether such Services send us personal data. The types of data processed by such Services, and purposes of such Services can be found HERE , and to the extent that these Services are processing personal data, this Policy shall apply. (4) Vehicle Data Collection We operate specially marked vehicles that take pictures and record videos in and from public spaces, private company premises, test sites and other areas. We use these images and videos for research, development, testing, verification and validation of automotive and mobile technologies. The vehicles are equipped with camera systems and location technologies. These systems record, process and store videos and images from the vehicle’s surroundings associated with location and time. Anyone near one of the marked vehicles during operations could potentially be included in the imagery or videos. In addition, we may also obtain pictures or videos from third party sources such as researchers, universities, other companies, or public sources. The personal data processed may consist of pictures and videos collected by the vehicle camera systems of car plates, pedestrians, cyclists, cars´ occupants and any other individual in the vehicle´s surroundings. We may also collect GPS positioning of our vehicles and data entry time stamps. In the context of this data processing, images of pedestrians, cyclists, cars´ occupants and other individuals are analyzed, classified, and further processed as “items” in the framework of the real environmental and traffic conditions. For example, an individual could be classified as “a pedestrian at left side of lane”, or as “a cyclist passing the car from the right side”. Identifying the individuals in the recordings is neither necessary nor intended as part of this processing activity and is typically complicated or not possible. Nevertheless, since the raw data that is required consists of video and images, it is impossible to rule out the identifiability of people in this process. (5) Qualcomm Smart Campus Some of our campuses and facilities deploy smart campus technologies to help us develop, test and demonstrate the technologies for the smart city of the future. When you visit any of them, your personal data may be captured by cameras or other sensor devices embedded into our buildings, shuttles, security systems and other infrastructure. For example, when you park your car in certain garages of our campus, your vehicle license plate number and parking spot may be automatically recorded by the hanging ceiling sensors there, used for our smart parking product development to improve the future parking experience. When you walk around our campus, your images may be captured by some AI-enabled camera systems and IoT sensors, to test our technologies that may be used to detect crowds or suspicious malicious actors. Where required by law, we display notices and only deploy these devices in common areas of our private campuses and facilities. (6) Other Data You Submit We may collect other personal data you submitted to us. Below lists a few examples. Contact or Registration Information: We collect your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and data related to the business you represent when you request information from us, register, order a product or service, visit our offices, or otherwise intentionally provide us such information. Payment Information: In connection with chargeable Services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification data), phone number, and billing and shipping addresses.Employment Application: If you apply for employment or other role as a worker for Qualcomm and/or one of its affiliates, we will collect your name, contact information, application, job or role for which you are applying, and any information you provide to us such as your resume, CV, reference letters or other information. Please see our Job Application Privacy Notice for further details. (7) Third Party Sources We may also obtain personal data from third party sources such as data providers, social networks, organizers of the events we sponsor, other partners, or public sources. For example, like most companies and organizations, we collect business contact information and other personal data from public and third-party sources related to current, former, or prospective business contacts including representatives of other companies, civil society organizations, the press, and governmental bodies. Collection Purposes, Use of Data We collect and process personal data about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests. The purposes for which we collect and use each of the categories of personal data include: To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information, or your request to subscribe to a service or purchase a product;To provide, manage, maintain, and secure the Service(s) you request;To enable you to participate in our marketing events;To operate and improve our business, including to administer, protect, and improve our services and our systems, to develop new products and services, and for other internal business purposes;To better understand the preferences of the users of our Services, compile aggregated statistics about usage of our Services, and help personalize your experience of our website and Services; To provide you with information about our technologies, product or service releases, news, and other communications; To comply with our legal obligations; and Any other use we describe in this Policy or at the point where we collect the data. To achieve these purposes, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data that we collect from different on and offline sources. In addition, we may de-identify and/or anonymize the personal data we collect such that it no longer can be used to identify you and, in such case, the de-identified and/or anonymized data is no longer subject to this Policy and we use such data for our business purposes. Where We Store and Process Data We store and process data in the United States and on servers around in the world, including, without limitation, Asia and the European Economic Area. Wherever we store or process personal data pursuant to this Policy, we take measures designed to ensure that the data is processed in accordance with this Policy and in compliance with applicable law. We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to effectuate the transfer (such as your consent or adequate legal contracts). Disclosures of Personal Data We may disclose each of the categories of personal data we collect with the following types of third parties. Qualcomm subsidiaries may have access to personal data we collect, for example, where we share common data systems, where access is needed to provide our Services or operate our business, or when we share your request to subscribe to a newsletter regarding certain products or services with the applicable Qualcomm subsidiary.We may also make personal data available to service providers who process the data on our behalf for the purposes set forth in this Policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and Services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. If you participate in our marketing events, our event vendors may also have access to your data during their supportive work, such as the system debugging of our on-site devices. See also the description above in the section on cookies regarding our use of advertising and analytics service providers. We may also offer training or other Services to the employees and workers of our business customers. In such cases, we may share data relating to the use of our training and other Services with the identified business customers for their business use.We may also disclose your data as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others' legal rights, protecting the security of our systems or those of our customers, and protecting people’s physical safety.Such disclosures may occur, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your data in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business, including related negotiations.Finally, we may also share your personal data where you have granted us permission. Note that we do not “sell” personal data as that term is defined by the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and similar legislation, and have not done so in the previous 12 months. Your Choices Opt-In/Out. In some circumstances, such as email marketing, we offer you the ability to opt-in or opt-out of some kinds of data collection, use, or sharing. In such circumstances, we will respect your choice. Data Subject Rights. The laws of some countries or states allow you to request access, correction, deletion, restriction, or other rights with respect to your personal data. Click here to exercise those rights . If you have trouble exercising your rights using the above link, you may contact us using the information at the bottom of this Policy. Please note that to provide or delete specific pieces of personal data we will require you to provide information sufficient to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. In some jurisdictions, you have a right to designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. Do Not Track & Global Privacy Controls. You may use your device’s “Do Not Track” or “Global Privacy Controls” to opt out of our, and our ad partner’s on our behalf, targeting cookies. You may also use a variety of other means of controlling data collection and use, including the Cookie Settings at the bottom of our website, cookie controls in your browser settings and the personalized advertising controls described in the Cookies section above. Non-Discrimination/Financial Incentives. The laws of some countries or states prohibit us from discriminating against you for exercising your rights described above and imposes requirements on any financial incentives offered to you related to your information. If we offer any such financial incentives, we will describe them in more detail here. Retention We retain personal data while your account is active, or as needed to provide you Services. We will delete or de-identify personal data within a reasonable time after the data is no longer necessary for the business purposes for which it was collected. We will, however, retain and use personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Security Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. It is your responsibility to safeguard your passwords and User IDs and to notify us using one of the contact methods listed below if you ever suspect that your password or User ID for one of our Services has been compromised. To help us protect personal data, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of our Services conducted via your password and User ID. Amendments We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. If we change the Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you at least thirty days in advance and/or obtain your express consent as required by law. When you visit our websites or use our Services, you are accepting the current version of this Policy. We recommend that users revisit this Policy on occasion to learn of any changes. Contact Us To contact us, send us an email at privacy[at]qualcomm[dot]com, or write to us at Qualcomm Incorporated, Attn. Privacy Counsel, 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, CA 92121. Effective Date: May 8, 2023 Related ©2022 Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies. Qualcomm is enabling a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected. We are efficiently scaling the technologies that launched the mobile revolution to the next generation of connected smart devices. Quick links Company info Stay connected Get the latest Qualcomm and industry information delivered to your inbox. © 2015-2023 Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies.Snapdragon and Qualcomm branded products are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Qualcomm patented technologies are licensed by Qualcomm Incorporated. Note: Certain product kits, tools and materials may require you to accept additional terms and conditions before accessing or using those items. References to "Qualcomm" may mean Qualcomm Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the Qualcomm corporate structure, as applicable. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of our engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of our products and services businesses, including our QCT semiconductor business. Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. Nothing in these materials is an offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein. Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Your opinions let us serve you better! Survey will appear at the end of your visitYour answers will remain private The survey is designed to measure your entire experience, please look for it at the conclusion of your visit. This survey is conducted by an independent company ForeSee, on behalf of the site you are visiting.