Privacy Policy [Effective: Jan 1, 2019] JamLoop LLC (“JamLoop”, or “we,” “us,” or “our”) provides services to its advertiser clients and agencies (“Clients”) with respect to their digital marketing campaigns, both online and through mobile devices. JamLoop is committed to protecting consumer privacy and to clearly informing users about the collection and use of information when using our services. As a result, we have put together this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect and use certain information. This Privacy Policy applies to JamLoop´s mobile, tablet and connected TV advertising products and services (our “Service”), as well as our company website located at www.jamloop.com, and social media sites we maintain at services such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn (collectively, our “Websites”). Website Data Collection JamLoop is the sole owner of the information collected on our Websites. The information may consist of both Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”), and is collected in order to conduct business with current and prospective business clients. JamLoop respects the importance of the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes what information about you is collected when you visit the Websites and through our technologies used in the Websites, applications and ads (“Client Properties”) we deliver on our Service for our Clients, as well as how that information is used and, in some cases, shared. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Personally Identifiable Information We will only collect or obtain personally identifiable information from you, such as your email address and mobile phone number, if you wish to use certain features or services of the Website. For example, if you wish to register to use any services through the Website, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information. We use this information in connection with providing the requested services (which may include providing notices of changes and updates to the service and to enforce our terms of service). We generally do not expect to receive your personally identifiable information from our Clients through Client Properties. If we do, we will use this information only in connection with providing our advertising services to our Clients. We also may use this information in aggregated, de-identified form in order to analyze and improve our products and services. Other Information about Users You may browse the Website without disclosing any personally identifiable information to us. When you visit this Website or use our Client Properties, we will automatically collect certain information about you, such as your IP address, usage information, device type, make and model, operating system, information about the apps you use and other information that comes to us from your browser or device, or from our Clients Apps. We may use any or all of the information described above, along with information obtained from third party data providers, over time and across Client Properties, to: Optimize your interaction with the Website or with Client Properties,Customize advertisements and optimize advertising campaigns that we run for our Clients on the Service,Give our Client usage information regarding the Client Properties (for example, the number of unique users who click through Client ads),Administer and improve our Services (including by aggregating the information with other information and data for analysis of usage patterns and to obtain aggregated information about users such as demographics), and Give our Clients and third parties aggregated usage information. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE Our Clients . When you view or click on a Client Property (such as an ad), or otherwise visit or use a Client Property, the information we collect through that Client Property may be shared with that Client. Each Client’s own privacy policy will apply to that Client’s use and disclosure of the information, so you should refer to the privacy policy for the Client or for the particular Client Property for information about that use. Inventory Networks; Data Providers . JamLoop uses advertising exchanges and advertising networks (“Inventory Networks”) to deliver ads to you on behalf of our Clients. JamLoop also may obtain information about you from third party data providers (“Data Providers”). The Inventory Networks and Data Providers may have their own privacy policies (as described below in “Third Party Policies”). Service Providers. JamLoop also uses service providers to perform certain of the technical processing, administration and support of the Website and services (“Service Providers”). These Service Providers generally are permitted to use and disclose your personally identifiable information only as provided in this Privacy Policy. Business Transition .In the event that JamLoop goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, all data, including personally identifiable information that we have obtained or collected, will likely be among the assets transferred. Others . JamLoop and its Service Providers reserve the right to disclose information it has obtained or collected about you in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; or (b) protect the rights or property of JamLoop, our Clients, Service Providers, suppliers and licensors or other third parties. THIRD PARTY POLICIES . This Privacy Policy applies only to JamLoop’s practices regarding information collected, retained and accessed by the Website, in connection with our Services or through our Client Properties. Our Clients, Inventory Networks and Data Providers may have their own privacy policies that will apply to certain services, as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. In addition, the Website contains links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. See Opt Out below for information on how to opt out of certain interest-based advertising. COOKIES. We and our Clients, Inventory Networks, Data Providers and Service Providers (such as web analytics firms) may place cookies on your computer when you visit the Website or download, view or use a Client Property. A cookie is a text file that assigns a random, unique number to your computer. It does not contain information which would personally identify you. A cookie may record “clickstream” information (data reporting the URLs or names of the pages on our Website or the Client Property that you have visited or used) and used to collect other non-personally identifiable information with regard to your use of the Website or Client Property, as described above. You can set your browser to refuse cookies. You may be able to accept cookies from the primary Website or application while at the same time blocking cookies from third parties, or you may be able to block cookies from only certain advertisers, or you may be able to refuse all cookies. You should check the Help button on your browser’s menu for information about how to do this. Please note that if you refuse to accept our cookies, this may limit your ability to use the Website or the Client Property and may cause it to malfunction or not work at all. OPT OUT. You may wish to opt out of interest-based or behavioral advertising by certain companies, some of whom are our Inventory Networks or Data Providers. Please consult the following to find out how: Network Advertising Initiative – http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ Digital Advertising Alliance – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ In addition, your mobile device may have settings that allow you to limit ad tracking through the device. Here are general instructions on how you can reset your Advertising IDs ( AAID / IDFA ), and/or (3) general instructions on how iOS users can enable Limit Ad Tracking and Android users can Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads. You should also consult the Settings or Help menu on your device and on the web browser(s) on the device. Please note that, as with refusal of cookies, if you opt out of interest-based advertising, it is possible this may limit your ability to use the Website or the Client Property. SECURITY . JamLoopfollows generally accepted industry standards to protect any personally identifiable information submitted to us. CONSENT TO TRANSFER AND PROCESSING . All data, including personal information collected through the Website and/or its Services, may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country in which JamLoop or its providers (or its or their affiliates or providers) maintain facilities. By using the Website and/or its services, you consent to any such transfer and processing of information outside of your country. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY. We will not knowingly collect or use any personally identifiable information from any children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected any personally identifiable information from children under 13, we will promptly delete such information from our databases. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY . JamLoop may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and when we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. Changes are effective upon posting to the Website, unless we say otherwise in our notice, so please check this Website often for changes.QUESTIONS . If you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this policy, or if you wish to ask us to delete, correct, or show you your information as provided above, you can send us an email at privacy@jamloop.com. Offices San Francisco (Headquarters): 1990 North California Blvd., 8th floor, Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Philadelphia 925.322.0461 CONTACT US About JamLoop JamLoop is a buying platform for OTT & CTV advertising that helps brands reach streaming TV audiences watching shows, movies, and live sports content. Our proprietary bidding and audience targeting technology gives us greater control and insights into the buying process, enabling a high-touch, transparent customer experience. Facebook-square Twitter Linkedin JamLoop on Twitter Subscribe to Email Updates Menu © 2023 Jamloop LLC - All Rights Reserved