Privacy Policy JAZZ.FM91 strives for transparency and trust when it comes to protecting your privacy, and we aim to clearly explain how we collect and process your information. It’s important to us that you should enjoy using our products, services and website(s) without compromising your privacy in any way. This policy outlines how we collect and use different types of personal and behavioural information, and the reasons for doing so. 1. What personal data we collect and why we collect it JAZZ.FM91 collects the personal data of its community members who donate online. Typically this includes name, address and phone number, and email address where applicable. Our online donations are collected and processed through Blackbaud Merchant Services (BBMS) via their database management platform Raiser's Edge. Blackbaud's services are used by most of the major charities in North America and are industry leaders in ensuring the highest level of security for everyone using their services. For more information on Blackbaud's privacy policies, please click here . If you donated to JAZZ.FM91 online and/or set up a perpetual monthly donation between September, 2018, and March, 2020, you will have used Stripe, our previous merchant service. A small number of donors continue to have their donations processed through this service as we make the final transition. Please be aware that this change was made not due to any concern about Stripe but to better integrate our payment and database management systems and to make the donor experience more seamless. You can read about Stripe's privacy policy here . We use your personal information to establish and maintain communication with you. This includes soliciting donations, providing you with tax receipts, participating in contests and keeping you up to date on our current activities via printed and online newsletters. If you have participated in an online activity, your personal information will only be used for the purposes of that online activity, unless you otherwise provide us with your consent. We may ask for your permission to use your personal information for other purposes, for example, to send you a newsletter or donor solicitation. We will only use this information for these purposes if you have provided us with consent by "opting in" on the online form. If you have entered and won one of our contests, your name, photograph, and city of residence may be published by us and/or our sponsors. Please check the specific contest rules for details. 2. Cookies JAZZ.FM91 uses cookies to make your user experience simpler. We use cookies to tailor your experience, measure site performance and present relevant offers and advertisements. If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. 3. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, podcasts, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behave in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. 4. Links to other sites Our site contains links to other sites. Once you leave our site, you are subject to the privacy policies of the new site. We are not responsible in any way for their policies so we encourage anybody who links to other sites from ours to read those sites' privacy policies, especially if you are contemplating the provision of personal information. 5. Analytics JAZZ.FM91 uses Google Analytics to track pertinent, though generic and anonymous, local information, such as: GPS information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devicesyour language settingsand your referral source (ie. whether you searched in google, or clicked on a social media link) 6. How we disclose your personal data JAZZ.FM91 does not sell your Personal Data to third parties, such as marketers or advertisers.We share your Personal Data with trusted entities, as outlined below. We have trusted service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as identity verification services, website hosting, data analysis, database infrastructure, customer service, email delivery, and auditing services. These service providers may need to access Personal Data to perform their services. We authorize such service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data only as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirement. Our trusted third parties include: Constant Contact Raiser's Edge / Blackbaud Stripe Google Analytics Google Ad Manager Eventbrite Hootsuite Twitter Facebook Instagram Soundcloud YouTube Canada Post Vaxxine 7. How long we retain your data For users that register on our website, we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. 8. What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. 9. How we protect your data This site's security certificate has been greatly strengthened. Access to the server is tightly restricted. Financial information is exclusively stored on Blackbaud's secured servers, which JAZZ.FM91 cannot access. And crucial files are encrypted and stored in remote servers. 10. Protecting the privacy of children If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide any personally identifiable information (an example would be your name, address, email address) without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. If we learn that you are under 13, we will not maintain any personal information (except as permitted by law) without the verifiable consent of your parent or guardian. This may result in you not being able to participate in some of the activities on our site. Unless otherwise specified, you must be at least 18 years old in order to participate in any online contest. 11. Contact Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to Dana Wigle , general manager. 4 Pardee Avenue, Suite 100 Toronto, ON M6K 3H5 © 2023 JAZZ.FM91 So far, we’ve had tremendous support as we try to reach our fundraising goal of $2 million by the end of the fiscal year. Thanks to listeners like you, we are now $100,000 away from achieving our goal. But we’re not there yet. We need your help to close the gap by August 31. Please, help us continue to unite, educate and inspire people through jazz. Our site uses cookies to tailor your experience, measure site performance and present relevant donation incentives and advertisements. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To read our privacy and cookies policy, please click here . We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalized ads) as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.Join Us, Live. Discover Music with JAZZ.FM91 Recently Played Anthem New Valley I Like It Like That I'll Keep Loving You Goldfinger On Air What's on the air See our weekly lineup of award-winning programming Specialty Channels Find more ways to listen Discover even more music with our 24/7 specialty playlists News JAZZ.FM91 News JAZZ.FM91 2023/08/15 JAZZ.FM91 News JAZZ.FM91 2023/08/15 JAZZ.FM91 News JAZZ.FM91 2023/08/13 Music News JAZZ.FM91 2023/08/10 Music News New Releases Adam Feibel 2023/08/10 Music News Adam Feibel 2023/08/08 Music News New Releases Adam Feibel 2023/08/04 Music News Adam Feibel 2023/07/28 Music News JAZZ.FM91 2023/07/25 Featured Video Discover Women in Jazz: Emma Cava Emma Cava performs LIVE from the JAZZ.FM91 studios on Aug. 17, 2023, as part of our Discover Women in Jazz concert series. Contests Contests 2023/08/14 Contests 2023/08/08 Contests 2023/08/08 Contests 2023/08/04 Contests 2023/08/02 Upcoming Events Aug 17 7:00 PM Aug 18 2:00 AM Aug 23 7:30 PM Aug 24 7:00 PM 4 Pardee Avenue, Suite 100 Toronto, ON M6K 3H5 © 2023 JAZZ.FM91 So far, we’ve had tremendous support as we try to reach our fundraising goal of $2 million by the end of the fiscal year. Thanks to listeners like you, we are now $100,000 away from achieving our goal. But we’re not there yet. We need your help to close the gap by August 31. Please, help us continue to unite, educate and inspire people through jazz. Our site uses cookies to tailor your experience, measure site performance and present relevant donation incentives and advertisements. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To read our privacy and cookies policy, please click here . / We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalized ads) as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.Cookie Policy of Leanplayer This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Application to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Application. For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate. For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker. Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent, depending on the applicable law. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document. This Application uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them. The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session. In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information — such as the presence of other Trackers — in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner. Activities strictly necessary for the operation of this Application and delivery of the Service This Application uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service. Third-party Trackers SPAM protection This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM. Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.) Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc. The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use . Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Storage duration: _GRECAPTCHA: duration of the sessionrc::a: indefiniterc::b: duration of the sessionrc::c: duration of the session Other activities involving the use of Trackers Targeting & Advertising This Application uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads. Advertising This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. Google Ad Manager (Google Inc.) Google Ad Manager is an advertising service provided by Google LLC that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with. In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices . In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy . This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Application and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered. Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by clicking on: www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en .Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Storage duration: AID: 2 yearsANID: 2 yearsConversion: 3 monthsDSID: 14 daysFCNEC: 1 yearFLC: 10 secondsFPAU: 3 monthsFPGCLAW: 3 monthsFPGCLDC: 3 monthsFPGCLGB: 3 monthsIDE: 2 yearsNID: 6 monthsRUL: 1 yearTAID: 14 days__gads: 2 years__gsas: 2 years_gac__gac_gb__gcl_au: 3 months_gcl_aw: 3 months_gcl_dc: 3 months_gcl_gb: 3 months _gcl_gf: 3 months_gcl_ha: 3 monthsid: 2 yearstest_cookie: 15 minutes How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant: Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers. Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available. It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent. Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history. With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Locating Tracker Settings Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings and look for the relevant setting). How to opt out of interest-based advertising Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps. Consequences of denying consent Users are free to decide whether or not to grant consent. However, please note that Trackers help this Application to provide a better experience and advanced functionalities to Users (in line with the purposes outlined in this document). Therefore, in the absence of the User's consent, the Owner may be unable to provide related features. Owner and Data Controller leanStream340 King St E,4th Floor North ElevatorToronto, ONM5A 1K8Canada Owner contact email: privacy@leanstream.net Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Application cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document. Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Application. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.Usage Data Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Processor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application. This Application The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. Legal information This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation). This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: April 19, 2023 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.