Wulian Wisdom announced the GDPR Personal Data Protection Compliance White Paper Recently opened emails, and many people have received letters from different companies with titles similar to "Privacy and Information Transparency Commitment" or "Privacy and Information Policy Update" , explaining the commitment and declaration on personal data and privacy protection. All this is in response to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) officially implemented by the European Union on May 25 this year. The implementation of GDPR has made all enterprises around the world tense, especially in the era of technological innovation where the amount of network information transmission is exploding and Internet of Things applications are becoming more and more popular. In the process of obtaining or processing information, it is easy for enterprises to exceed the individual standards regulated by GDPR. The boundaries of data collection, processing and use. ThroughTek, as a cloud service company based on the Internet of Things, has customers in Europe, America, Japan, South Korea, and mainland China. It is duty-bound to respect and protect personal privacy. For this reason, the company recently officially released the "Privacy Protection White Paper- How do we strengthen personal data protection according to GDPR, not only to prepare for GDPR, but also to study and promote the EU's ePrivacy Regulation (ePrivacy Regulation) compliance measures in the next stage. After the GDPR was launched, some companies chose to temporarily suspend their European business or actively block European users for risk control. For example, the Chicago Tribune and the Los Angeles Times announced that they would technically block European users from accessing the website until the personal data protection in compliance with GDPR can be confirmed. Standard so far. In contrast, IOT chooses to face the high standard challenge of GDPR personal data protection. Following the verification by the British Standards Institution (BSI) in September 2017 and the issuance of the ISO 27001 (Information Security Management System) certificate, IOT this year Actively address the principles and specific regulations of GDPR on personal data processing, complete relevant education and training within the company to enhance the awareness of privacy protection for all employees, and adjust the company's organizational processes and product services to enhance the transparency of personal data processing. At the same time, we are considering Under technical feasibility, grant the individual data subject the right to manage their personal data to the greatest extent, including the Right of Access, Right to Rectification, and Right to Erasure. Wulian Wisdom has basically achieved GDPR compliance, and is actively completing the following tasks, and is more willing to further share experience with customers and suppliers: – Enhance privacy protection awareness and related education and training – Analyze and understand the data owned or processed – Update privacy Privacy policy and personal information-related operating procedures – Adopt more secure information security technology – Optimize personal data protection of products and services – Review contracts of users, business partners and suppliers – Appoint a data protection chief to take overall responsibility for personal data protection For more detailed information on GDPR compliance, please refer to the latest "Privacy Protection White Paper" on the official website of Wulian Smart (click here). In addition to GDPR, which is currently under the spotlight, the European Parliament has started discussing another bill called the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications (ePrivacy) as early as last fall, which is to be evaluated by the Council of the European Union and approved by the European Council. Once passed by Parliament, it could be implemented as soon as 2019. The legislative spirit of ePrivacy is the same as GDPR, but it is especially aimed at network communication software and equipment. The legal status belongs to the special law of GDPR. The standard targets include new types of real-time communication services such as Skype, Line, WhatsApp, Facebook, and Messenger that are used daily. The bill is implemented In the end, whenever data such as cookies, IP addresses, and GPS coordinates are to be used, the explicit consent of the user must be obtained before placing tracking program codes and collecting data in the mobile phone. While realizing the growth goal of the enterprise, Wulian Wisdom will also adhere to the vision of "respecting privacy and returning the control of personal data to individuals", and will continue to optimize the privacy of products and services in response to more stringent privacy protection standards in the EU or other countries in the future Protection design. Next： In response to EU GDPR regulations on the road, IoT Smart continues to strengthen personal privacy protection Popular news Start your IoT journey immediately +86 755 27702549 7×24 hours service hotline Follow "TUTK" TUTK service is under control Online consultation Scan TUTK service under control National free service hotline +86 755 27702549 Back to top