Privacy Policy Kaltura Privacy Notices These privacy notices provide important information about how Kaltura, Inc. (“ Kaltura ”) collects, uses, processes, protects, and discloses information when you use the Kaltura Websites and the Kaltura Platform. Our Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Websites details the kinds of Personal Information we collect when you visit the various websites that we operate and how we manage and use that information. Our Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Platform details the kinds of Personal Information that are collected when you use or interact with the Kaltura Platform through an Account Owner’s account. These notices include legal information about your privacy rights, how you can exercise your legal rights, and how to contact Kaltura. Kaltura may update these Privacy Notices at any time without prior notice. Any such changes will become effective prospectively from the date of publication. These Privacy Notices were last updated on March 1, 2022. We encourage you to check this page frequently for any changes to our Privacy Notices. Any inquiries, concerns, or requests regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Information should be directed to Kaltura’s data protection officer at: DPO@kaltura.com . Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Websites This privacy notice contains important information about how Kaltura, Inc. (“ Kaltura ”) collects, uses, processes, protects, and discloses information when you use the Kaltura Websites. Please visit the Terms of Use for further conditions governing your use of the Kaltura Websites. What this Privacy Notice covers This policy describes how Kaltura treats Personal Information that we collect, receive, process, store, distribute, and display via the Kaltura Websites, including email, text, and other electronic communications between you and Kaltura. For our privacy notice on information collected on the Kaltura Platform visit: Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Platform In this policy, “ you ” means any person or organization that is authorized to use the Kaltura Platform or Website; “ we ” or “ us ” means Kaltura, including our subsidiaries and affiliates. The “ Kaltura Websites ” or “ Websites ” are websites and apps belonging to Kaltura. “ Marketing Partners” are trusted third parties providing us with services and data for marketing purposes or conducting joint marketing activities with us. “ Personal Information ” is information about you that is personally identifiable by name or can be linked to you through a personal identifier like your address, e-mail address, phone number, or location. This definition is given here for the purpose of this notice only, and some laws may use a different definition. If you are asserting your rights under law, the applicable legal definition governs your rights. When does Kaltura collect Personal Information? In general, Kaltura collects Personal Information about you in the following situations: When you visit the Kaltura WebsitesWhen you register through one of the Kaltura Websites for online or in-person events organized by Kaltura and/or our business partnersWhen you sign up to receive Kaltura’s email newsletter, blog updates, or other communications from KalturaWhen you participate in a Kaltura surveyWhen you communicate with Kaltura, post information to a blog or community forum, or upload user submitted media.When you enter promotions and contests offered by Kaltura When you submit your resume or other Personal Information through the Kaltura Websites in connection with a job application Provision of this information to Kaltura is not mandatory. However, you will not be able to access and use the Kaltura Websites and communicate with Kaltura without disclosing some Personal Information to Kaltura. What categories of Personal Information we collect? Through the Kaltura Websites, we may collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide, such as your name, email address, location, professional title and affiliation, and interests. We also record your communications preferences when you sign up to receive email communications from Kaltura. In addition, like most other websites, when you visit any of the Kaltura Websites, Kaltura automatically receives and records information from a variety of sources, such as information from your browser, device, Kaltura and third-party cookie information, web beacons, VAST tags, pixel tags, social media buttons, URL links, and other methods. Information collected automatically through these sources include your activity on the Kaltura Websites and unique identifiers such as your IP address and device ID. We collect Personal Information about potential business customers and partners from our Marketing Partners and public sources.Although some information collected automatically is not personally identifiable, we or our Marketing Partners may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, aggregate or combine this information with information from other sources, both public and non-public (such as data brokers and organizers of conferences you attended who have your permission to transfer information to us, and information available publicly on the Internet). Combining information from various sources could make anonymous information identifiable as Personal Information or add to the Personal Information we already have about you. The purposes for which we use your Personal Information We use your Personal Information from the Kaltura Websites solely for certain legitimate business purposes, which include some or all of the following: Contacting you and sending you communications that we think will be of interest to you.Providing you the information you request through our Websites.Remembering information you previously entered on our Websites to enhance, modify, personalize, or otherwise improve your experience on our Websites.Improving our Websites, services, and products.Customizing the advertising and content you see.Conducting research and providing statistical reporting to understand how individuals interact with our Websites and determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising. Children The Kaltura Websites are not intended for children and we do not permit children to register on Kaltura Websites. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received or collected Personal Information pertaining to a child under the age of consent in the jurisdiction where the child is located without valid consent, we will delete such information from our records. Cookies and other activity tracking technologies We use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons, tags and other technologies to collect information about usage of Kaltura Websites and interaction with emails that we have sent. When you visit Kaltura Websites, our servers or an authorized third party may place a cookie on your browser. The cookie can collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities. Cookies allow us to track usage of the Kaltura Websites and provide you with a better browsing experience. We also use web beacons on the Kaltura Websites. For example, web beacons may be placed in marketing emails to notify us when you click on a link in the email and are directed to a Kaltura Website. Web beacons are used to improve the Kaltura Websites, enhance our email communications, and track the success of our promotional campaigns. Please see below for details about how we use different categories of cookies and other tracking technologies, as well as how you can manage cookie settings: Functional cookies – We use functional cookies to retain information you entered (such as your language or your geographic region) and collect information about how the Kaltura Websites are used. We may use third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to improve how the Kaltura Websites function, improve your browsing experience, provide more relevant communications, and track the performance of our advertisements. To manage the use of functional cookies on the Kaltura Websites, consult your individual browser settings for cookies. You can also visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ for more information on managing cookies. Note that disabling these cookies may impact functionality when using the Kaltura Websites. Advertising cookies – We or authorized third parties may use cookies to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on any devices you may use. You may see advertisements for Kaltura’s products on other websites or mobile applications on any of your devices. These cookies also help us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To manage the use of advertising cookies on the Kaltura Websites, consult your individual browser settings for cookies. In addition, many ad networks have joined the Digital Advertising Alliance’s self-regulatory program to provide a single opt-out tool at: https://www.aboutads.info and at the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) website: https://youronlinechoices.eu . However, Kaltura does not guarantee that using these tools will prevent online behavioral tracking using cookies through our Websites. At present, Kaltura and our third-party Marketing Partners do not honor Do Not Track signals set by some browsers. If you wish to avoid behavioral tracking by ad networks, please choose from the available methods for doing so or refrain from using the Kaltura Websites. Social media buttons – The Kaltura Websites use social media buttons, such as the Facebook “like” button, the “Tweet” button and other sharing functions (collectively, “Social Media Buttons”).Through the Social Media Buttons, you may have the option to post information about your activities on the Kaltura Websites to your profile page on a third-party social media network and share with others within your network. Cookies may be set by the respective social media networks to track your online activity. Kaltura has no direct control over the information that is collected by these third parties. Your interactions with Social Media Buttons are governed by the privacy policies of the respective social media networks. Editing and deleting your Personal Information and preferences and opting out of communications and direct marketing. You can review, correct, edit, or delete the information that you provided to us by sending us an e-mail request at DPO@kaltura.com . Please note that we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. You may elect to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or being included in market research information. You can opt out of receiving email communications by following the instructions through the unsubscribe option in Kaltura’s emails. You may also opt out at any time, edit your account information, or delete your account entirely by sending an e-mail request to DPO@kaltura.com (please indicate “Opt Out” in the subject line). New categories of communication and notification might be added to the Preferences page of the Kaltura Community Forum from time to time. You can opt out of receiving future communications from these new categories or you can unsubscribe and block future messages by following instructions through the unsubscribe option in those messages. If you are a Kaltura Platform Account Owner, you will continue to receive certain communications pertaining to your Kaltura Platform account such as service announcements and administrative messages even if you opt out of marketing communications from Kaltura. While we will try to comply with any request pertaining to your Personal Information in accordance with applicable law, please be aware that we may not be able to fulfill requests pertaining to information already shared with third parties. Some information may be retained on our systems for record-keeping purposes, and some residual digital information cannot be removed or changed. Disclosure of Personal Information to third parties We do not sell, disclose, or share Personal Information about you with third parties except under the following circumstances and for the following purposes: When we have your permission to provide you with services you requested and to carry out your instructions.When required by law to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by public authorities, including disclosures required by national security or law enforcement agencies.When we need to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims, or when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, data breaches, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Kaltura’s Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law. We may transfer your Personal Information if Kaltura is acquired by or merged with another company, to ensure the continuity of our business and services. In such an event, Kaltura will make a public announcement before information about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.When we conduct joint webinars or marketing events with business partners, we may share participant contact information with such business partners for their marketing use.We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers or vendors that we engage to support Kaltura’s business and/or the Kaltura Websites. Examples include providers of website hosting services, website analytics services, and marketing and communication services. These third parties are authorized to process your Personal Information solely for the purposes of providing the relevant services to Kaltura. Kaltura and its affiliates are located in different regions around the world, and Kaltura works with strategic partners across different industries, categories of business, and in different jurisdictions. By accessing the Kaltura Websites, your information may be transferred outside of your local jurisdiction. Retention of information We may retain your information (including Personal Information) for any lawfully permitted period of time, and as necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, enforce our agreements, and enable us to investigate events and resolve disputes.Kaltura blogs and discussion forums If you participate in a Kaltura blog, discussion forum, or other parts of our Websites that allow you to post your comments, you should be aware that the information you provide there may be made broadly available to others, potentially inside and outside Kaltura, who have access to that blog or discussion forum. Blogs and discussion forums are monitored by Kaltura, and we reserve the right to remove your content at our discretion. Each participant’s opinion on a blog or discussion forum is his or her own. Third-party sites The Kaltura Websites include links to other websites owned or operated by third parties, such as our channel partners who provide products and services that can be used together with Kaltura’s products and services. Kaltura is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third-party websites, which are governed by their own privacy policies. Confidentiality, security, and data integrity We take great precautions to protect the integrity of your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect information transmitted on or through our Websites, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit. To learn more about security, including the security measures we have taken and steps you can take to enhance the security of your information when using the Kaltura Websites, please contact us at DPO@kaltura.com . Rights of California Residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, you are entitled to certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The categories of Personal Information we collect about or from you are described in section 3 above, and the business purposes for which we collect such Personal Information are described in section 4 above. As a business subject to the CCPA, Kaltura does not sell Personal Information. Kaltura may share Personal Information with third-party service providers or business partners for our own business purposes as described in section 8 above. However, we disclose your Personal Information to these third parties only where you have consented to disclosure of Personal Information to such third parties or where such third parties have agreed to contractual limitations around their use, retention, and disclosure of Personal Information. As a resident of the State of California, you have the following rights under the CCPA: You have the right to request access to the Personal Information we collect from or about you.You have the right to request details about how we process or disclose your Personal Information.You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.You have the right to not be denied any goods or services for exercising your rights under the CCPA. To exercise any of these rights, you may contact Kaltura by following the instructions in section 16 below. We may need to verify your identity before we are able to process your requests. Rights of European Data Subjects under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are in one of the EU/EEA countries, you are entitled to certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) EU Regulation 2016/679 and applicable national data protection regulations. By visiting the Kaltura Websites or communicating with Kaltura, you acknowledge that we may process your Personal Information for the purposes described above, either on the basis of your consent or if we have other lawful grounds to do so. Under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Information: You have the right to withdraw consent to processing, where consent is the basis of processing. For the Personal Information we collect on the Kaltura Websites, this means you may withdraw your consent to processing by leaving the Kaltura Websites, suspending your account if you have registered on our Websites, and requesting that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us at DPO@kaltura.com .You have the right to access your Personal Information that we hold and request further details about how we process it, under certain conditions. You have the right to demand rectification of inaccurate Personal Information about you.We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.You have the right to object to unlawful data processing under certain conditions.You have the right to erasure of past data about you (your “right to be forgotten”) under certain conditions.You have the right to demand that we restrict processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, or if you believe your Personal Information is inaccurate. You have the right to data portability of Personal Information concerning you that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, subject to certain conditions.The Personal Information we collect on the Kaltura Websites is not used for automated decision making and profiling, except for automated processes in the context of marketing. As stated above, you can opt-out of direct marketing by Kaltura by contacting Kaltura directly or by following the instructions through the unsubscribe options in our email messages. You have a right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority in your country if you believe that Kaltura is processing your Personal Information in violation of applicable laws. To exercise any of these rights, you may contact Kaltura by following the instructions in section 16 below. We may need to verify your identity before we are able to process your requests. Kaltura’s representative in the EU for the purposes of compliance with the GDPR is Kaltura Germany GmbH, Kaltura’s Germany-based subsidiary, which may be contacted at: Kaltura Germany GmbH c/o Mazars GmbH & Co. KG Theodor-Stern-Kai 1 60596 Frankfurt am Main Deutschland Tel: +1 800 871 5224 Email: DPO@kaltura.com To learn more about your rights under the GDPR you can visit the European Commission’s page on Protection of Personal Data, at: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/index_en.htm Cross-border Personal Information transfers Kaltura is a global organization headquartered in the United States and has legal entities, business functions, and systems in countries around the world. We may share your Personal Information within Kaltura and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business, including to the United States. Therefore, your Personal Information may be processed in countries with privacy laws that are different from privacy laws in your country or in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Regardless of location, Kaltura handles Personal Information as described here, and we take care to ensure that our employees, agents and strategic partners in other countries act in a manner consistent with this privacy notice. Kaltura ensures that the recipient of your Personal Information provides appropriate safeguards, including by entering into data processing agreements incorporating, where required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of personal data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator. Contacting Kaltura about this Privacy Notice Any inquiries, concerns, or requests regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Information should be directed to Kaltura’s data protection officer at: DPO@kaltura.com . You may also send inquiries to the following address: Kaltura, Inc. 860 Broadway, 3rd Floor New York, NY 10003 Attention: Legal Counsel Changes to this Privacy Notice Kaltura may update this Privacy Notice at any time without prior notice. Any such changes will become effective prospectively from the date of publication. This Privacy Notice was last updated on March 1, 2022. We encourage you to check this page frequently for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Platform This privacy notice explains how Kaltura, Inc. (“ Kaltura ”) collects, uses, processes, protects, and discloses information on the Kaltura Platform. Please visit the Terms of Use for further conditions governing your use of the Kaltura Websites. What this Privacy Notice covers This policy describes how Kaltura handles Personal Information on the Kaltura Platform. For our privacy notice on information related to the Kaltura Websites and other communications with Kaltura go to Privacy Notice for the Kaltura Websites. In this policy, “ you ” means any User that is authorized to use the Kaltura Platform through an Account Owner’s account; “ we ” or “ us ” means Kaltura, including our subsidiaries and affiliates. “ Account Owner ” means the individual(s) or organization(s) that have permission to use the Kaltura Platform to provide services and distribute media from their account. “ Kaltura Platform ” means the cloud-based hosted services, APIs, plug-ins, applications, media players, custom websites, and storage provided by Kaltura to Account Owners.“ Partner ” means trusted third parties and business associates that provide us with some of the services that we provide to you. For example, our Partners include content distribution networks (CDNs), third-party platforms that are integrated with the Kaltura Platform via APIs or plug-ins, and third-party services you can access through the Kaltura Platform. “ Personal Information ” is information about you that is personally identifiable by name or can be linked to you through a personal identifier like your address, e-mail address, phone number, or location, and which is not otherwise publicly available. This definition is given here for the purpose of this notice only, and some laws may use a different definition. If you are asserting your rights under law, the applicable legal definition governs your rights. “ Users ” are those individuals (such as, customers, subscribers, viewers, employees, staff, faculty, student, members, or other persons) who are authorized by an Account Owner to access video, audio, and/or other content from their account. Kaltura is a Data Processor The Kaltura Platform is a set of online hosted software (“SaaS”) tools for hosting, managing and distributing video content over the Internet. We make accounts on the Kaltura Platform available to Account Owners that are paying customers, free trial users, and business partners. Information uploaded and stored on the Kaltura platform is associated with a given account. In each case, the Account Owner is the Data Controller of the Personal Information of its Users on that account. Kaltura is the Data Processor carrying out data processing activities and instructions on behalf of each Data Controller. Disclosures of information under Account Owner control Account Owners use the Kaltura Platform to store, process, and distribute videos and other information belonging to them or their Users through their websites, apps, or other comparable means. Depending on the configuration of the Kaltura Platform selected by the Account Owner, media and other information on the Account Owner’s account may be viewable to the general public or to limited audiences. As the controller of Personal Information on the Kaltura Platform, Account Owners are responsible for maintaining the privacy of Personal Information pertaining to their Users. Kaltura is not responsible for disclosures of information made by Account Owners and their Users through such Account Owners’ respective accounts. When we process your Personal Information on behalf of an Account Owner, it is that Account Owner’s responsibility to protect your privacy. If you are concerned about your privacy while interacting with services provided by a Kaltura Account Owner, you should address requests and inquiries relating to your Personal Information directly to that Account Owner. If you contact us regarding information associated with an Account Owner’s account, we may forward your requests or inquiries to the relevant Account Owner. When is your Personal Information collected on the Kaltura Platform? When you interact with the Kaltura Platform through an Account Owner’s account, Kaltura collects your Personal Information. Examples of activities where you might interact with the Kaltura Platform include: Viewing videos on the Internet provided from a Kaltura Platform account.Uploading content to the Kaltura Platform.Appearing on videos hosted on the Kaltura Platform.Using applications connected to the Kaltura Platform, logging in to applications connected to the Kaltura Platform, or downloading a Kaltura mobile application.Interacting with the Kaltura APIs.Opening a free trial account or other partner account for the Kaltura Platform.Downloading a Kaltura application from sites like the Apple App Store and Google Play. Interacting with Kaltura on behalf of an Account Owner (for example, if you are an Account Owner’s account or business administrator or a technical contact you may provide your contact information to Kaltura for service or billing purposes). What Personal Information do we collect about you on Kaltura Platform accounts? When you use the Kaltura Platform as a User through an Account Owner’s account, the following categories of Personal Information may be collected and processed: Information you upload – If you are authorized to upload videos to a Kaltura account, the video content and metadata that you upload may potentially include Personal Information about you and/or other third parties. Information provided by the Account Owner – The Account Owner may enter or create Personal Information about you on its account. For example, your information may be included in the Account Owner’s authorized User lists, access permissions, or in audio or video content and/or metadata.Traffic information, instructions, and activity on the Kaltura Platform – When you interact with the Kaltura Platform, the system collects the traffic information needed to deliver your actions and instructions over the Internet. Personal Information about you may include IP addresses, and URLs used to deliver content to you, and the Kaltura Platform may collect other system information such as MAC addresses to allow the system to recognize your devices. The Kaltura Platform uses cookies to remember your preferences and/or support the use of digital rights management systems. Passwords and login credentials – When you log in to the Kaltura Platform, we collect the user IDs and passwords used in order to access the Kaltura Platform. When you log in to other Account Owner systems that are connected to the Kaltura Platform (such as single sign-on systems or third-party portals), depending on the configuration of those systems, the Kaltura Platform may receive user login credentials or an anonymous identifier or token. Contact and billing information – If you are a Kaltura Account Owner, we collect your contact and billing information. How we use your Personal Information We use your information solely for the following purposes: Provide the services and functions you requested from the Account Owner and performing your actions and instructions on the Kaltura Platform through the Account Owner’s account.Providing support, service notices, billing, and other account-relevant information to Account Owners.We use the Account Owner’s contact and billing address to send Account Owners offers and promotional information.Creating aggregate statistics and analytics information for Kaltura’s own use and our Account Owners’ respective use. We may use content on an Account Owner’s account to troubleshoot and resolve service issues on that Account Owner’s account.We use traffic information and aggregated user information to better monitor the performance of the Kaltura Platform, track account usage, and test and improve the Kaltura Platform. Audit logs The activity on the Kaltura Platform production servers is logged within the system for the purpose of providing Kaltura Account Owners and Partners with statistical analysis of use, and to enable us to monitor the system, perform security audits, track errors, report activity via the system, and to comply with data retention rules and internal policies. We use commercially reasonable methods to keep production logs secure and do not use them for any other purpose or share them with third parties except for permitted disclosures to third parties as detailed below. Sharing information with Partners We rely on certain trusted third-party Partners to provide part of the services and functions that make up the Kaltura Platform. For example, we transmit video content via third party content delivery networks (CDNs). Kaltura does not share your information, including Personal Information, with any third parties other than our Partners except in the limited circumstances detailed below. Our Partners do not have permission to use your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide to Kaltura the services we require to serve our Account Owners. The Kaltura Platform is designed to interoperate with different systems. Our Account Owners may choose to integrate the Kaltura Platform with their own systems or with other third-party services of their designation. Kaltura is not responsible for systems connected to the Kaltura Platform that are not under our control. Cookies and other activity tracking technologies The Kaltura Platform uses certain persistent first-party cookies to provide the best user experience and remember your preferences on the Kaltura Platform. The Kaltura Platform does not place third-party cookies on your devices. However, elements of the Kaltura Platform, such as the Kaltura player may send information about your activities on the Kaltura Platform to cookies placed by others (such as ad networks) on your devices through web beacons, VAST tags, and other technologies. Other parties’ cookies are subject to their own privacy policies. Most Internet browsers have options for controlling, disabling, and deleting cookies on your computer. To learn how to control cookies using your browser settings, visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/ . In addition, many ad networks have joined the Digital Advertising Alliance’s self-regulatory program to provide a single opt-out tool at: https://www.aboutads.info and at the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) website: https://youronlinechoices.eu . However, Kaltura does not guarantee that using these tools will prevent online behavioral tracking using cookies through the Kaltura Platform. Disclosure of Personal Information to third parties Your Personal Information on a Kaltura Platform account is controlled by the Account Owner.We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties except under the following circumstances and for the following purposes: When we have the Account Owner’s permission, in order to provide the Account Owner with services it requests.When required by law to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by public authorities, including disclosures required by national security or law enforcement agencies.When we need to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims, or when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, data breaches, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Kaltura’s Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law. If Kaltura is acquired by or merged with another company, the Kaltura Platform (including the information stored on Account Owner’s respective accounts) may be transferred to another entity.With our Partners, as described above. Receipt of information from third parties Kaltura integrates with third-party services (e.g., Zoom, Webex, YouTube) to automate ingestion of media assets from the third-party service to the Kaltura Platform. Media assets ingested from third-party services and associated with an Account Owner’s account are processed according to the same guidelines that apply to the Account Owner’s other media assets and data stored on the Kaltura Platform. Retention of media assets ingested from third-party services is controlled by the Account Owner, who may choose to retain such media assets even after ending its relationship with the third-party service. Processing and retention of data from third-party services may also be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those third-party services. In particular, Kaltura’s YouTube integration uses the YouTube API Services. Account Owners using Kaltura’s YouTube integration agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service ( https://www.youtube.com/t/terms ) and are subject to Google’s Privacy Policy ( https://www.google.com/policies/privacy ). In addition to Kaltura’s normal procedures for managing and deleting the media assets, Account Owners can manage and revoke the Kaltura YouTube integration’s access to data via the Google security settings page at https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions . Retention of information We may retain your information (including Personal Information) on the Kaltura Platform for any lawfully permitted period of time, and as necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations, enforce our agreements, and enable us to investigate events and resolve disputes. Confidentiality, security, and data integrity We take great precautions to protect the integrity of your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect information on the Kaltura Platform, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit. To learn more about security, including the security measures we have taken and steps you can take to enhance the security of your information when using the Kaltura Platform, please contact us at DPO@kaltura.com. Rights of California Residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, Kaltura has certain obligations as a service provider towards Account Owners regarding your Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). As a service provider, Kaltura processes Personal Information solely for the purpose of providing the services specified in the contracts between Kaltura and the Account Owners. Kaltura does not process Personal Information collected through an Account Owner’s account for any other purpose. If you are concerned about your privacy while interacting with services provided by a Kaltura Account Owner, you should address requests and inquiries relating to your Personal Information directly to that Account Owner. If you contact us regarding information associated with an Account Owner’s account, we may forward your requests or inquiries to the relevant Account Owner. To learn more about your rights under the CCPA, you can visit the California Office of the Attorney General’s page on the CCPA at: https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa. Rights of European Data Subjects under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are in one of the EU/EEA countries, Kaltura has certain obligations as a data processor towards Account Owners regarding your Personal Information under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The Account Owners, as data controllers, will be responsible for protecting your rights under the GDPR.If you are concerned about your privacy while using services provided by a Kaltura Account Owner, you should address requests and inquiries relating to your Personal Information directly to that Account Owner. If you contact us regarding information on an Account Owner’s account, we may forward your requests or inquiries to the relevant Account Owner. To learn more about your rights under the GDPR you can visit the European Commission’s page on Protection of Personal Data, at: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/index_en.htm . Cross-border Personal Information transfers The Kaltura Platform hosts and processes information in the United States and in other countries around the world. In addition, Kaltura staff may remotely access the Kaltura Platform from other countries where we conduct business operations. In providing the Kaltura Platform and processing your Personal Information on behalf of an Account Owner, your Personal Information may be transferred to the United States or to other countries. Therefore, your Personal Information may be processed in countries with privacy laws that are different from privacy laws in your country or in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Regardless of location, Kaltura handles Personal Information as described here, and we take care to ensure that our employees, agents and Partners in other countries act in a manner consistent with this privacy notice. Kaltura ensures that the recipient of your Personal Information provides appropriate safeguards, including by entering into data processing agreements incorporating, where required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of personal data as approved by the European Commission or other applicable regulator. Contacting Kaltura about this Privacy Notice Any inquiries, concerns, or requests regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Information should be directed to Kaltura’s data protection officer at: DPO@kaltura.com. You may also send inquiries to the following address: Kaltura, Inc. 860 Broadway, 3rd Floor New York, NY 10003 Attention: Legal Counsel Changes to this Privacy Notice Kaltura may update this Privacy Notice at any time without prior notice. Any such changes will become effective prospectively from the date of publication. This Privacy Notice was last updated on March 1, 2022. We encourage you to check this page frequently for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Kaltura’s mission is to power any video experience. Our wide array of video solutions are deployed globally across thousands of enterprises, media companies, service providers, and educational institutions, leveraging video to teach, learn, communicate, collaborate, and entertain. With your permission, we'd like to use cookies to make your time on the site better, analyze traffic, and support our marketing efforts. Please click 'Accept all cookies' to continue or go to 'Cookies Settings' to read about our cookie policy. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label