Information on Privacy & Cookie Policy Introduction GEDI Digital S.r.l. ("the Owner") is a company controlled by GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A., parent company of the GEDI Group, an Italian corporate group operating in the media sector with activities in the areas of daily and periodical press, radio, advertising sales and the Internet (for for brevity "the GEDI Group"). This Information is intended to inform the user about the methods of processing personal data concerning him. GEDI Digital S.r.l., in line with Legislative Decree 196/2003 as amended by Legislative Decree 101/2018 (hereinafter "Privacy Code") and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereinafter "GDPR"), intends to guarantee the privacy and security of the personal data of each visitor in accordance with the provisions of this Information. This information is to be understood as information pursuant to articles 13 and 14 of the GDPR Type of data processed The website offers informative and, sometimes, interactive content. While browsing the GEDI Digital S.r.l. can, therefore, acquire information on the visitor, in the following ways: Navigation data The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this website acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This category of data includes: IP addresses, the type of browser used, the operating system, the domain name and website addresses from which access was made, information on the pages visited by users within of the site, the time of access, the permanence on the single page, the analysis of the internal path and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user's IT environment. Further categories of data This refers to all personal data provided by the visitor through the site, for example, by registering and/or accessing a reserved area and/or a service and/or participating in one of the initiatives launched by GEDI Digital S.r.l. alone or in partnership with third parties, by writing to an e-mail address of GEDI Digital S.r.l. to request information or by calling one of our toll-free numbers to have direct contact with customer service. Purpose of the processing LEGAL BASIS PURPOSE Provide the good and/or service requested by the user, manage the contracts finalized by the user, carry out the related administrative, accounting, tax and legal obligations, as well as process the requests sent by the user. The treatments put in place for these purposes are necessary for the fulfillment of contractual obligations and do not require a specific consent from the interested party. Detect your experience of using our platforms, the products and services we offer and ensure the correct functioning of the web pages and their contents. The treatments put in place for these purposes are based on a legitimate interest of the Data Controller. Associate the personal data that you will provide to GEDI Digital S.r.l. or to third parties in the context of other initiatives with those that GEDI Digital S.r.l. acquires as a result of your registration on this site or its use. The processing carried out for this purpose is based on a legitimate interest of the Data Controller. Inform you about commercial initiatives, also with automated tools, relating to promotions and/or offers for which you may be entitled to benefit, in the interest of the Data Controller or of the other companies of the GEDI Group. The treatments put in place for these purposes are carried out with the specific consent provided by the user, with the exception of commercial communications relating to products and/or services similar to those already purchased and/or subscribed to by the user for which the treatment is based on a legitimate interest of the Data Controller with respect to which the user can, however, always exercise his right to object. Communicate your data for commercial and/or promotional purposes to third party companies operating in the publishing sector and/or to companies operating in the following sectors with which GEDI Digital S.r.l. could conclude partnership agreements: social networking platforms and interactive platforms, consumer goods, distribution, financial, insurance, automotive, services and to humanitarian and charitable organizations, as well as telecommunications. The treatments put in place for these purposes are carried out with the specific consent provided by the user.Carry out profiling activities, i.e. analysis and processing of information relating to the user, his preferences, habits, consumption choices and/or browsing experiences. This activity is also carried out through the use of technologies such as cookies (for more information, see the "Cookie Policy" paragraph of this Information). The treatments put in place for these purposes are carried out with the specific consent provided by the user, with the exception of an activity of analysis of elementary information relating to his consumption preferences. Scope of data circulation Within the scope of the purposes indicated above, your data may be communicated to: GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A. and/or other companies of the GEDI Group which carry out part of the processing activities and/or activities connected and instrumental to them on behalf of the Data Controller, and which will be appointed for this purpose as data processors pursuant to art. 28 of the GDPR; other third parties who carry out part of the processing activities and/or activities connected and instrumental to them on behalf of the Data Controller. These subjects will also be appointed as data processors pursuant to art. 28 of the GDPR; individuals, employees and/or collaborators of the Data Controller, who have been entrusted with specific and/or more processing activities on your personal data. These individuals have been given specific instructions regarding the security and correct use of personal data and are defined as the persons authorized to process personal data under the direct authority of the Data Controller or Data Processor. Non-EU data transfer GEDI Digital S.r.l. may transfer your personal data to third parties located in countries outside the European Union or the European Economic Area. In this circumstance, these third parties will be appointed Data Processors pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 28 of the GDPR and the transfer of your personal data to these subjects, limited to the performance of specific processing activities, will be regulated in accordance to the provisions of chapter V of the GDPR. All necessary precautions will therefore be taken in order to guarantee adequate protection of your personal data basing this transfer: (a) on adequacy decisions of the recipient third countries expressed by the European Commission; (b) on adequate guarantees expressed by the recipient third party pursuant to Article 46 of the GDPR; (c) on the adoption of binding corporate rules, the so-called corporate binding rules. Roles and responsibilities in the field of privacy Your personal data is processed by GEDI Digital S.r.l., as Data Controller. More detailed information on the names of the data processors can be requested by sending an email to the following address: privacy@gedidigital.it. We also inform you that a Data Protection Officer has been identified within the GEDI Group, who can be contacted at the following email address: DPO@gedi.it. Data processing methods The processing of personal data is mainly carried out using electronic procedures and supports (DBs, CRM platforms, etc.) for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were collected and, in any case, in compliance with the principles of lawfulness, correctness, non-excess and pertinence established by current privacy legislation. Redirect to external sites The website can use the so-called social plug-ins. Social plug-ins are special tools that allow you to incorporate the features of the social network directly within the website (e.g. the Facebook "like" function). All social plug-ins on the site are marked with the respective logo owned by the social network platform (e.g. Facebook, Google, Twitter, Linkedin). When you visit a page of our site and interact with the plug-in (e.g. by clicking the "Like" button) or decide to leave a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from the browser directly to the social network platform and memorized from this. For information on the purposes, type and methods of collection, processing, use and storage of personal data by the social network platform, as well as the methods by which to exercise one's rights, please consult the privacy policy adopted by the individual social networks. Connection to/from third party websites From this website it is possible to connect, via specific links, to other websites of companies in the GEDI Group or it is possible to connect to our website from third party websites.The Data Controller declines any responsibility regarding the possible request and/or release of personal data to third party sites and regarding the management of authentication credentials provided by third parties. Data retention We inform you that the data relating to navigation logs, if recorded, will be kept by the Data Controller for a period of 3 months. We also inform you that the data you provide will be processed for the entire duration of the contractual relationship between us and further stored exclusively for the period envisaged for the fulfillment of legal obligations, unless it is necessary to keep them further for defend or assert a right or to fulfill any further legal obligations or orders from the Authorities. Rights of the interested parties The subjects to whom the aforementioned personal data refer (so-called "interested parties"), have the right to exercise their rights according to the methods and within the limits established by the current privacy legislation. In relation to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to ask GEDI Digital S.r.l.: access: you can ask for confirmation as to whether or not data concerning you are being processed, as well as further clarifications regarding the information referred to in this Information, as well as to receive the data, within the limits of reasonableness; rectification: you can request to rectify or integrate the data that you have provided us or in any case in our possession, if inaccurate; cancellation / oblivion: you can request that your data acquired or processed by GEDI Digital S.r.l. are deleted, if they are no longer necessary for our purposes or where there are no disputes or disputes in place, in the event of withdrawal of consent or its opposition to processing, in case of unlawful processing, or if there is a legal obligation to cancel; the limitation: you can request the limitation of the processing of your personal data, when one of the conditions referred to in art. 18 of the GDPR; in this case, your data will not be processed, except for storage, without your consent except for what is explained in the same article in paragraph 2. opposition: you can oppose the processing of your data at any time on the basis of our legitimate interest, unless there are our legitimate reasons for proceeding with the processing that prevail over yours, for example for the exercise or our defense in court; your opposition will always prevail over our legitimate interest in processing your data for marketing purposes; portability: you can request to receive your data, or to have them transmitted to another holder indicated by you, in a structured format, commonly used and readable by an automatic device. Furthermore, pursuant to art. 7, par. 3, GDPR, we inform you that you can exercise your right to withdraw consent at any time, without prejudice to the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent previously given. Finally, we inform you that you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority, which in Italy is the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data. To exercise these rights, make reports or ask for clarifications on the processing of your personal data, you can use the form available at the following link http://richiestegdpr.gedidigital.it/ or send an email to privacy@gedidigital.it. We also inform you that it is possible to forward your requests by post, by writing to the Data Controller, GEDI Digital S.r.l., with registered office in Via Cristoforo Colombo n. 90, 00147 - Rome, specifying the object of the request. Personal data processed by the Publisher in the exercise of journalistic activity – Right to be forgotten If you want to assert the right to be forgotten with reference to your personal data possibly contained in the articles of the masthead and processed by the Publisher GEDI Digital S.r.l. in the exercise of journalistic activity, we remind you that the Data Controller is the Publisher himself, to whom you can contact, for the purpose of exercising this right pursuant to art. 17 of the GDPR, by writing to GEDI Digital S.r.l., Via Cristoforo Colombo n. 90, 00147 - Rome, or by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address legale@gedi.it We inform you that this Information only concerns the processing of personal data that you have provided or will provide to GEDI Digital S.r.l. – possibly also by purchasing our products and/or services provided against payment or by participating in our promotions and/or offers – and those which, possibly, GEDI Digital S.r.l. will acquire in the course of this relationship and/or further relationships between you and us.If, on the other hand, you would like to assert the right to be forgotten with reference to your personal data possibly contained in the articles of the masthead and processed by the Publisher in the exercise of its journalistic activity, we remind you that the Data Controller is the Publisher itself, GEDI News Network S.p.A., to which you can contact, for the purpose of exercising this right pursuant to art. 17 of the GDPR, by writing to the Data Controller based in Via Ernesto Lugaro n. 15 - 00126 Turin, or by sending an email to the email address legale@gedi.it. We inform you that this Information only concerns the processing of personal data that you have provided or will provide to GEDI Digital S.r.l. – possibly also by purchasing our products and/or services provided against payment or by participating in our promotions and/or offers – and those which, possibly, GEDI Digital S.r.l. will acquire in the course of this relationship and/or further relationships between you and us. If, on the other hand, you would like to assert the right to be forgotten with reference to your personal data possibly contained in the articles of the masthead and processed by the Publisher in the exercise of its journalistic activity, we remind you that the Data Controller is the Publisher itself, GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A., to which you can contact, for the purpose of exercising this right pursuant to art. 17 of the GDPR, by writing to the Data Controller based in Via Cristoforo Colombo n. 90, 00147 - Rome, or by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address legale@gedi.it We inform you that this Information only concerns the processing of personal data that you have provided or will provide to GEDI Digital S.r.l. – possibly also by purchasing our products and/or services provided against payment or by participating in our promotions and/or offers – and those which, possibly, GEDI Digital S.r.l. will acquire in the course of this relationship and/or further relationships between you and us. If, on the other hand, you would like to assert the right to be forgotten with reference to your personal data possibly contained in the articles of the masthead and processed by the Publisher in the exercise of its journalistic activity, we remind you that the Data Controller is the Publisher itself, Le Scienze S.p.A., to which you can contact, for the purpose of exercising this right pursuant to art. 17 of the GDPR, by writing to the Data Controller based in Via Cristoforo Colombo n. 90, 00147 - Rome, or by sending an email to the email address legale@gedi.it Personal data collected through the ILMIOLIBRO website With reference to the ILMIOLIBRO website (https://ilmiolibro.kataweb.it/), in compliance with what is indicated in the particular conditions of service available at the following link https://login.kataweb.it/registrazione/ilmiolibro2/html/condizioni_contrattuali. html, we inform you that the services of the aforementioned site are provided by GEDI Digital S.r.l. and by GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A. (hereinafter also "GEDI"), except as otherwise provided in the same conditions of service for certain services provided, exclusively, by GEDI. Therefore, the data you provide via the ILMIOLIBRO website are also processed by GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A., as independent Data Controller, also with automated methods, for the sole purpose of providing the aforementioned services. For administrative purposes, your data may also be communicated by GEDI to other companies of the GEDI Group. The provision of personal data for the aforementioned purposes is essential for the provision of the services offered by the ILMIOLIBRO site. The aforementioned data will be processed by GEDI, limited to the purposes strictly connected and instrumental to the provision of services, for the entire duration of the contractual relationship and further stored exclusively for the period envisaged for the fulfillment of legal obligations, unless it is necessary keep them further to defend or assert a right or to fulfill any further legal obligations or orders from the Authorities. You may exercise the rights pursuant to articles 15 et seq. of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – GDPR (access, portability, opposition, rectification, limitation and cancellation), by sending an email to: GEDI Gruppo Editoriale S.p.A., Via Cristoforo Colombo n. 90, 00147 - Rome, privacy@gedi.it . Profiling logic GEDI Digital S.r.l.processes, subject to your consent, your personal data - which you have provided us by adhering to initiatives of the Data Controller and/or third parties and/or browsing the sites of the GEDI Group and/or third parties - to analyze your consumption habits, preferences and lifestyles in order to use them for the creation of group and individual profiles ("profiling") which are used to send personalized communications or to offer you products or services that respond to your consumption habits. Cookie Policy What are Cookies? Cookies are packets of information sent by a web server (eg the site) to the user's Internet browser, automatically memorized by the latter on the computer and automatically sent back to the server at each subsequent access to the site. By default, almost all web browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. Typically cookies can be installed: directly from the owner and/or manager of the website (so-called first-party cookies); by managers unrelated to the website visited by the user (so-called third-party cookies). Unless otherwise specified, please note that these cookies fall under the direct and exclusive responsibility of the same manager. Further information on privacy and their use can be found directly on the websites of the respective operators. This website can use, also in combination with each other, the following types of cookies classified according to the indications of the Privacy Guarantor and the Opinions issued in the European context by the Working Group pursuant to art. 29 of the GDPR: Session, are cookies that are not stored permanently on the user's computer and are deleted when the browser is closed, they are strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers necessary to allow safe and efficient exploration of the site avoiding the use of other IT techniques potentially prejudicial to the privacy of users' browsing. Persistent, these are cookies that remain stored on the computer's hard drive until they expire or are canceled by users/visitors. Through persistent cookies, visitors who access the site (or any other users who use the same computer) are automatically recognized at each visit. Visitors can set their computer browser to accept/reject all cookies or display a warning whenever a cookie is offered, in order to evaluate whether to accept it or not. However, the user can change the default configuration and disable cookies (ie block them permanently), setting the highest level of protection. Technical, these are cookies used to authenticate, to take advantage of multimedia content such as flash player or to allow the choice of navigation language. In general, therefore, it is not necessary to acquire the prior and informed consent of the user. This category also includes cookies used to statistically analyze accesses/visits to the site only if used exclusively for statistical purposes and through the collection of information in aggregate form. Non-technical, they are all cookies used for profiling and marketing purposes. Their use on users' terminals is prohibited if they have not been adequately informed beforehand and have not given valid consent in this regard according to the opt-in technique. These types of cookies can, in turn, be grouped according to the functions they perform in: Analitycs. these are cookies used to collect and analyze statistical information on accesses/visits to the website. In some cases, associated with other information such as the credentials entered to access restricted areas (your e-mail address and password), they can be used to profile the user (personal habits, visited sites, downloaded content, types of interactions made, etc.). Widgets , fall into this category all those graphic components of a user interface of a program, which has the purpose of facilitating the user's interaction with the program itself. By way of example, widgets are cookies from facebook, google+, twitter. Advertising, cookies used to advertise within a site fall into this category. Google, Tradedoubler fall into this category. Web beacons , code fragments that allow a website to transfer or collect information by requesting a graphic image fall into this category. Websites can use them for various purposes, such as analyzing the use of websites, monitoring and reporting on advertising and personalizing advertising and content. The cookies present on the sites of the GEDI Group Technical cookies that do not require consent GEDI Digital S.r.l.will install on your device and, in particular, in your browser or will let third parties install some cookies that are necessary for us to acquire or have our partners acquire statistical information in anonymous and aggregate form relating to your navigation on the pages of the GEDI Group sites. In particular, these are cookies relating to the following statistical analysis services: Cookies for which consent is required If you give the relative consent through one of the simplified methods described in the information presented at the time of your first access to a site of the GEDI Group or by following the instructions below, GEDI Digital S.r.l. may install and/or let the third-party companies listed below install additional cookies, c.d. of profiling, for which you can choose to modify or revoke all or part of the consent given via the following links: First-party cookies Third-party cookies For the processing of personal data which, with your consent, third-party companies known to GEDI Digital could put in place through cookies, click on the links below for the provision or non-provision of consent by following the relative indications, after having read the various information: Using the Ad Settings: https://www.google.it/ settings/ads Through the components currently available for deactivating Google Analytics for the Web: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ I agree that GEDI Digital S.r.l. can install profiling cookies and carry out – for itself and/or for the other companies of the GEDI Group – the marketing activities better described in this disclosure I do not give my consent to GEDI Digital S.r.l. can install profiling cookies and carry out – for itself and/or for the other companies of the GEDI Group – the marketing activities better described in this information For the processing of personal data which, with your consent, third-party companies not known to GEDI Digital S.r.l. could implement through cookies, by connecting to this link and making use of the relative service you can customize your choices: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/it/le-tue-scelte How to disable cookies by configuring the browser If wishes you can directly manage cookies also through the settings of your browser. However, deleting cookies from your browser could remove the preferences you have set for GEDI Group sites, so you should periodically visit this page to check your preferences. For further information and support, it is also possible to visit the specific help page of the web browser you are using: By continuing to browse the pages of the Group's websites, you consent to the installation of cookies. Changes to the information The possible entry into force of new sector regulations, as well as the constant examination and updating of the services to the user, could lead to the need to modify the methods and terms described in this information. It is therefore possible that this document may undergo changes over time. We therefore invite you to periodically consult this page. We will publish any changes to this Policy on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will notify you with a more visible notification. The previous versions of this Information will, in any case, be archived to allow consultation.