Javascript is disabled Privacy Policy Hello! Welcome to the King Privacy Policy. This policy describes how King and its other “Group Companies” (Activision Blizzard Inc and its affiliates). collectively described as “King”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third-party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, whether played on our website www.king.com, on mobile devices, PCs or on other platforms such as Facebook. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we will provide to you from time to time. In this Privacy Policy we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our "Services". When you download, access and/or play our games, or interact with our websites or other Services, you acknowledge the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including King’s and our advertising partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can give your consent by opting in, or withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply when you use the Royal Games website ( http://www.royalgames.com/ ). This Privacy Policy was last updated on 7.12.2022. When you download, access and/or play our games or use our other Services, we collect information about you. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country and region, and game play information. We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimisation, preventing fraud, customising in-game offers and verifying purchases. We will also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes. Most of the information that we collect about you comes directly from you when you play our games, or interact with our websites, advertising or other Services. Broadly, the information we collect about you relates to the type of device you are using, how you play our games (such as levels attempted and purchases made) and will include information that you submit when creating an account with us or which you allow us to access when you connect to your social network accounts through our games or Services. We will also collect information from advertising platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about purchases and interests. In more detail, depending on which of our Services you interact with, we will collect and process the following types of information: details about how you use and interact with our games, advertising and other Services (for example, information about how and when you play our games or visit our website(s), what device you use to access our games and services or details regarding profile visits, as further set out in King Profile and playing socially );information that you provide us with when you fill in forms, answer questions or complete surveys when using any of our Services, when you create an account with us, including email address or if you invite your friends to use our games and Services; the content of messages sent using our chat and messaging systems;usage information if participating in video chat functionality with other users (as further set out in Video Chat;if you contact us, for instance through our King Community customer service channels, or respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we will keep a record of that correspondence;your interactions with us on our social media channels;information we collect via cookies and other similar technologies, as explained further below; information as further set out in this Privacy Policy, including King Profile and playing socially , Marketing , and Advertising ;information we collect about you from our other Group Companies or other third party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such information with us (including publishing partners, platforms, advertising platforms and partners and data aggregators who have obtained). This will include attributes about you and your interests, as well as other games and services you use, demographic and general location information.We will collect device level identifiers and other information associated with those identifiers including: the type of device(s) you are using to play our games or access our Services, identifiers such as IP address, device identifiers, ad identifiers, a King-specific player ID, and the country or region that you are playing in; and how you play our games and interact with our websites or other Services (such as which of our games you are playing, your progress through the games, session time and duration, number of attempts at each level and purchases made). In some instances, when you make purchases on or through our website(s), we will collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers, but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by King. Unless otherwise stated we do not collect or retain credit card information. Our payment service providers will provide us with information about your purchases so that we know if a purchase has been successful. When you purchase items in our mobile apps through the App Store, on Facebook or on Google Play, we do not collect or store any payment information from you. We will from time to time ask you for your consent to collect other information from you or your device. For instance, we will invite you to allow us to access your contacts to enable us to invite them to play our games with you. If we do this or something similar, we will tell you what information we would like to collect, why we need it and what we’ll use it for. We, our suppliers and group companies, will use this information: to enable us to provide our games and other Services to you, to ensure that any purchases you make are verified on our servers and activated in the games, and to provide you with player support if you need it;to enable us to optimise our games for you and for the device that you are using, as well as to deliver customised in game events, offers and promotions; for the other purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes ; and to enable us to comply with laws that apply to us, to prevent fraud, to ensure compliance with our terms of service or where necessary to defend, exercise or establish our legal rights including our rights under our Terms of Service ( https://king.com/termsAndConditions ). We will also share your information with third party publishers who develop and provide games and other Services to you on our behalf. We analyse and use the information that we collect on an de-identified or aggregated basis for product development, to analyse the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to improve and optimise the games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole. A more detailed description of some of the ways that we use your information is set out below and in the other sections of this Privacy Policy, including our section containing disclosures for US residents. Providing and optimising our Services We use your information to enable us to provide our websites, advertising and other Services to you and to optimise all of them so that we can make them the best they can be for you and all our players. This will include use and analysis of aggregated data to make sure that our websites work properly on all devices and are as enjoyable as they can be for all our players. Chat Some of our Services include chat functionality. Users of our chat service(s) can send messages to other players, to King customer services or publicly on our forums. Your messages will be used and stored by us: (a) to convey your messages; and (b) to enable you and your recipients to view your message history (although please note that after 30 days your in-game chat messages will no longer be accessible). We reserve the right to review the content of your messages, including by using automatic filters, to ensure that you are complying with our terms of service and we also reserve the right to prevent your use of our chat service(s) or to block the sending of any message for any reason. We will not use the content of your chat messages for any other purpose. Video Chat Some of our games will also include a video chat feature. Users of this feature will be able to participate in video chat with contacts from a platform or social network or invite personal contacts. We will collect usage information from video chat interactions with other users, for example call duration, and general location information. We do not record, collect or retain any content of your video chat interactions with other users. We do not also collect or store your date of birth information which you provide to us when activating the video chat feature for the first time. We solely use this information to determine if you are eligible to use the feature.Customer Services We use your information, including data that you provide directly to us in communications, to provide you with support through our customer service channels when you need it. We will also use it to contact you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our games and Services. Finally, we will use your data to manage your account and relationship with us and improve your experience when you use our Services. One of our customer service channels is the King Community website ( https://community.king.com ). For information about what data we collect and process when you use the King Community website, see Visiting our websites below. Analytics and Research We use analytics tools, which will include third party analytics tools, to collect information about how you play our games or use our Services. Those tools will use cookies or other similar tracking technologies. We will use your data to carry out research, surveys or to engage directly with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email), for these purposes. We will also create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services, or to test out new game features and content. Social and Community We have a number of social and community channels which we use to communicate with our players. If you choose to interact with those channels, we will receive your information and use it in connection with those channels, including to engage with you, and we will also republish your posts to those channels. Promotions and Competitions From time to time we will run promotions or competitions during which we will collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, address, post code, email address or other information or content submitted in order for you to claim a prize. Those competitions will have their own specific terms and conditions, but we will use personal information that you provide in relation to that competition for the purposes of running the competition. We will also publish the names and entries of competition entrants. That information will also be combined with your King Profile and other account information and will be processed, stored and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Cheating, crime and fraud prevention We will use personal data that we hold to prevent cheating, crime or fraud. We will also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention, such as the police. Legal uses We will use your data as required or permitted by any applicable law. As a specific example, if you live in the European Union, this would include for the purpose of providing VAT invoices where we are required to do so by law or where requested by you. When you visit our other websites, such as https://community.king.com , https://candycrushsaga.com , and other websites and forums operated by us (“Websites”), we collect information about you, such as details about how you use and interact with such Websites. We will use the information we collect about you for a number of purposes, including for operating and optimising the Websites, in connection with our advertising purposes, and for research or analysis. The information we collect and process about you when you visit our Websites includes: information that you provide us with when you fill in forms or create posts on our Websites, or when you create an account with us;details of your use of the Websites and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you use the Websites, or what device you use to access the Websites);if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we or other users of the Websites send to you, we will keep a record of that correspondence;your interactions with us on our social media channels; and information we collect via cookies (which are small text files placed on your device), and other similar technologies. Cookies allow us to collect data, such as your device's model, operating system and screen size and other information about how you use our Services. For more information, see Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies below.We, our suppliers and Group Companies, may use this information: as necessary in order to provide the Websites and related services to youfor the purposes of contacting you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about the Websites;for the purposes of managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use the Websites;for the purposes of research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;for the purposes of marketing and promotion of King’s products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our, or a third party's behalf. For example, we might send you information about merchandise relating to our games. If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at privacy@support.king.com; to create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with the Websites;for the purposes of preventing cheating, crime or fraud. We will also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention; oras otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. When using online forums such as King Community, please be aware that in addition to your user name, any questions, answers, comments or submissions that you post will be publicly available and any data you provide can be read and/or used by other users. You should therefore only share content that you are comfortable sharing publicly. You can choose to add information to your King Profile or to connect our Services to your account with a third party network (such as Facebook). If you do this, then your personal information will be visible to other players and we’ll also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising . King Profile When you play our games, we will give you a randomly generated unique identifier which we will associate with a King account known as a "King Profile". Your King Profile will not be personally identifiable unless you choose to add your personal information to it, such as your name, avatar, email address or other information. Your King Profile and the information it contains will be visible to other users of our Services. If you choose to add personal information to your King Profile, it will be visible to your friends and other players anywhere in the world. If you choose to view another individual's King Profile, that individual and other users of our Services will know that you have visited them because some of your social information and a link to your King Profile will be displayed on that individual's King Profile. Connecting with a third party network Where we make this available, you can choose to log in to your King Profile using your account details with a third party network, such as Facebook, Google or Apple. If you do this, you will be able to use your account to log in on multiple devices and synchronise progress across those devices. Where available, you will also be able to see which of your friends are playing the same game and their progress through the games (and they will be able to see you and your progress), or access other functionality we make available in our games and other Services, such as inviting friends to play, asking other players for lives and 1-2-1 messaging. Information we receive from Facebook If you log in to your King Profile using your Facebook account details, we will receive some of your Facebook account information. If you choose to play our games online on the desktop version of Facebook.com, your basic Facebook account information will automatically be associated with your King Profile. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings in your Facebook account, but typically we will receive your basic public profile information such as your username, email address, age range, gender, chosen language, country, friends list and any other public information. We will also collect the email account associated with your Facebook account and the name and avatar of those of your Facebook friends that are already playing our games. You can choose not to allow us to access your email address in the Facebook dialog box the first time at which you associate your Facebook account with your King Profile. If you provide us with your email address we will from time to time use that email address to send you marketing emails about our other games and Services. You can opt out of this at any time - see Opting-out of direct marketing from King below. Logging in with Facebook will not allow us to post anything to your page without your permission and we will not receive any information about your Facebook friends who do not play our games.If you do not wish your Facebook friends to be able to see you and your progression in our games, you can prevent this by disconnecting from Facebook from within our games and updating your app permissions from within your Facebook settings. We would recommend that you read Facebook’s Privacy Policy ( https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy ) and review your privacy settings from time to time to make sure that you understand fully how your Facebook data is shared. Information we receive from Google If you log in to your King Profile using your Google account details, we will receive some of your Google account information. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings in your Google account, but typically we will receive your basic public profile information such as your name, email address and profile picture. If you choose to grant us access to your Contact List, we will use and store this to help you find those of your Google contacts that are already playing our games. You can revoke future access to your information at any time by following the steps at https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/112802?hl=en . We would recommend that you read Google’s Privacy Policy ( https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ ) and review your privacy settings from time to time to make sure that you understand fully how your Google data is shared. Information we receive from Apple If you log in to your King Profile using your Apple account details, we will receive some of your Apple account information. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings in your Apple account, but typically we will receive your basic public profile information such as your name and email address.You can revoke future access to your information at any time by following the steps at https://www.apple.com/uk/privacy/control/ We would recommend that you read Apple’s Privacy Policy ( https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/ ) and review your privacy settings from time to time to make sure that you understand fully how your Apple data is shared. Where we record your preferences as permitting us to do so, (see further below on how to change your preferences) we and our third-party partners use information collected about you to send you marketing communications about other King games and related Services based on your interests. For example, we will send emails, serve ads within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and Internet-connected devices. We will use the information that we hold about you to promote King’s or Activision Blizzard, Inc’s (“Activision Blizzard”) own Services in a number of ways. This might include: advertising within third party websites, apps and Internet-connect devices;showing you promotions for other King or Activision Blizzard games in the games you play; orsending you marketing materials by email. What information do we use for marketing? We use information about you to try to make sure you only see marketing from us that might be of interest to you. This includes using information that we will have about you, such as: ad identifiers and other non-personal information collected from your device. For more information, see Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies ;the games you play and information about how you interact with our games and Services; your age, country or region, and gender; andyour age, country or region, and gender; andother information that we might acquire from our third-party marketing partners or other third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us. Marketing partners When we market our games in media published by other companies, we use various third-party marketing partners to assist us on our behalf, and we will share information which we have collected about you with such third parties for these purposes. Our marketing partners will help us to serve ads to you by combining this information with data which they have collected about you elsewhere. They collect this information when you use their services or the websites and services of third parties. Our partners use this information to make assumptions about the kinds of advertising you would prefer to see. If they determine that you would be interested to see an advert for King’s games or Services, they will serve you with a King ad while you are using other websites and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section, you consent to our marketing partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems as described in their privacy policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your information by our marketing partners. We recommend that you review our partners’ privacy policies for more information.A list of our marketing partners and their privacy policies can be found here . Opting-out of direct marketing from King You can exercise choices over the direct marketing we send you in the following ways: you can withhold your consent for us to send you direct marketing emails by opting out when we collect your email address or by electing not to share your email address with us when you first create an account using your Facebook details;you can remove yourself from receiving email marketing from us at any time by simply clicking the unsubscribe link in any direct marketing email we send to you or sending an email to privacy@support.king.com; andto disable interest-based advertising, please see How to adjust your preferences for interest based advertising below. You should note that if you opt out of receiving interest based or targeted advertising, you will still see advertising and you will see advertising for King products, but that advertising will not be targeted using your personal information. Our games will include advertising for third party products and services. King and our advertising partners collect and use information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games. King participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. King uses the Consent Management Platform (CMP) with the identification number 28. Where applicable, we use a CMP to gather consent and permissions for our advertising based activity. Where local laws allow, we will opt you into interest-based advertising by default. You can change your preferences at any time in the setting pages of our games. We use information that we hold about you to better target ads for third party goods and services to people that might be most interested in them. These ads will be shown to you within our games or Services. What information is used for advertising? We use ad identifiers and other information that we collect about you as described in this Privacy Policy to try to make sure you only see ads in our games that might be of interest to you. This includes information such as: ad identifiers and other information collected from your device. For more information, see Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies ;the games you play and information about how you interact with our games and Services; your age, country and region, and gender; andother demographic and interests based information that we might acquire from our third party marketing partners or other third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us. Advertising partners When you play our games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device. Our advertising partners will combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. If you consent to, or are opted into, the collection and use of your data for targeted advertising purposes by our advertising partners your data will be used as set out in this section and as further described in our partners' privacy policies. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information. A list of our advertising partners and their Privacy Policies can be found here . You can refuse or withdraw your consent to such use at any time - for more information, see How to adjust your preferences for interest based advertising . How to adjust your preferences for interest-based advertising You can choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising (referred as “personal ads”, “cross-contextual ads” or “targeted ads”) by updating the settings on your device When we record that your preference is not to be shown interest-based advertising, you will still be able to play our games and you will still see advertising in our games, but those ads will not be targeted using information that we hold about you or which our advertising partners collect about you from our games. However, you will still receive ads based on contextual criteria such as the game that the ad is displayed in, or the region in which your device is located. Players in the United States should review the US residents section to know more about sales and sharing of personal information and options available to residents of some states.For players not in US states with rights to opt out of sales or sharing of personal information: If you would prefer that your personal information is not processed to receive interest-based ads, you can update your preferences via the settings menu in relevant games. You can also submit an opt-out request for all of our games here . Please note that outside of US states with applicable privacy laws, even if you have opted-out of interest-based ads in our games, you will still receive interest-based ads from Facebook. If you would prefer that Facebook does not use your personal data for interest-based ads, you need to log into your account on Facebook and update your settings there. Opting out of interest-based advertising at a device level: You can choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your device's ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings. If you live in the USA, the EEA or Canada, you can also opt-out from the collection of your information by some or all of our advertising partners who participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (for US users), http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (for EEA users) or http://youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian users). You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available) To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences. Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies are used by us to provide our Services to you and in order to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our third party advertising partners to: recognise you and your device;provide interest-based advertising to you;allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);allow us to understand how you interact with our websites (for example, where we use cookies such as the Google Analytics cookie on our Websites);allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions; andenable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language. For more information on the cookies we use and why we use them, please see here . How do ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies work? Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognise your device when you use websites and applications. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your desktop computer or mobile device. You can withdraw your consent to cookies by updating the settings within your browser. You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below. Users located in the United States should review the US residents section below Those rights include: Right of access. You have a right to know what information we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right please contact us letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and what information in particular you would like to receive. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we will not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavour to tell you why. Right to correct personal information. We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realise that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at privacy@support.king.com and we will correct it as soon as we can. Data deletion. You have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you deleted. Should you wish to have any information about you deleted, please Contact Us using the information below. Please note that in order to process your request you must delete our games from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device where you have played our games in a web browser.Where we delete personal information about you, we will still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity. We will also retain your information in an anonymised form. In some instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay such as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages will be cached on other players’ devices and we will not be able to remove or update that data from those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a wifi network. Account deactivation. If you have created an account with us, you can ask us to deactivate that account by contacting us using the information below. We will ask you for other information before we are able to deactivate your account. That information might include information about your mobile device. Other steps you should take should you wish to completely deactivate your account include disassociating your Facebook account from our mobile games and deleting our games from your mobile devices. Please note that if you completely deactivate your account all your progress in our games and any unspent virtual items, such as Gold Bars or Boosters will be lost and we will not be able to restore them in the future. Data portability. In some circumstances, you will have the right to request that data which you have provided to us is provided to you, so you can transfer this to another data controller. Restriction of processing. In some cases, you will have the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data, such as when you are disputing the accuracy of your data held by us Right to object. You have the right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests (see Legal Bases below). Direct marketing opt out. If you have elected to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can change your mind at any time by following the opt out link in any marketing communication that is sent to you. If you have elected to receive more than one type of marketing communications from us, you will need to opt out of all of them individually. It will take a few days for us to update our records before any opt out is effective. Right to opt-out (California, USA) : California residents have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information, which is defined in a way that will include the transfer of data to third parties to personalize ads for you. If you opt out of the ‘sale’ of your information, we will not sell your information, including to our advertising partners, but you will still see ads in the game and some of our partners will deliver ads to you, based on information they hold on you. See How to adjust your preferences for interest-based advertising for more information. There are other ways in which you can control the personal information that we collect about you. For instance, you could disconnect your Facebook or other social network account from our games, or delete our games from your mobile device. You could also reset your mobile advertising identifier or limit ad tracking altogether using the settings in your phone. Finally, you could limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers. More information on all of these options is provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Residents of some US states will also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney. For the reporting information required by California Code Regulations Title 11 § 7102. For the reporting information required by California Code Regulations Title 11 § 999.317, please click here . You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below or under 16 for California residents, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us . The table below sets out what age you must be to play our games and use our Services, depending on what country you are in while using our games and Services. Our games are intended to be played by adults and we do not knowingly collect, and do not wish to collect, information about children.Please do not play our games or use our Services if you are under the relevant age. Country Age you must be to play our games and use our Services Austria 14 Belgium 13 Bulgaria 16 Croatia 16 Republic of Cyprus 14 Czech Republic 16 Denmark 13 Estonia 16 Finland 13 France 15 Germany 16 Greece 16 Hungary 16 Ireland 16 Italy 14 Latvia 13 Lithuania 14 Luxembourg 16 Malta 13 Netherlands 16 Norway 13 Poland 16 Portugal 16 Romania 16 Slovakia 16 Slovenia 16 Spain 14 Sweden 13 Switzerland 16 United Kingdom 13 Rest of the world (excluding South Korea) 13 If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the relevant age set out above, please Contact Us . In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age set out above, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. Our Privacy Policy contains further details about: who we share your information with and the reasons for sharing it; measures we take to keep your information secure;the legal bases under which we process your data; how long we retain your information and where we store it; when and why we share your information with third parties, including transfers outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”); andchanges or updates to our Privacy Policy. Sharing In addition to the other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we will also share your information: where we have your consent to do so (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you (for example, by providing your personal information to suppliers we will use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you);where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example, to process a payment instruction we must provide your personal information to our payment processors);where your data is in an anonymous and aggregated format, meaning you could not be personally identified from it; as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation or as is necessary to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of King, our users, or others; andif there is a sale of the assets of King or corporate restructuring, or as a result of a change of control of King or one of its Group Companies, or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which King transfers of sells King's assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will also share your information with our service providers if necessary to enable them to provide services to us. Security King takes appropriate security and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorised access, loss and misuse. In addition, we request that our suppliers who process personal information on our behalf take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information and maintain an appropriate level of security. However, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information online and offline, as the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving. As such you should always take care when sharing your information online. Legal Bases In each case where we process your information, we do so lawfully in accordance with one of the legal basis set out under European data protection law. The legal bases which we rely upon are the following: Contractual Necessity. This covers data used by us in order to provide you with Services that you have requested - and that we have agreed - to provide to you, such as our games, customer services, chat functionality and third party social network connectivity; Legal Obligation. This covers data used by us to comply with a legal obligation, such as to maintain records relating to tax or to respond to a valid legal request for certain data; Legitimate Interests. This covers data used by us for purposes that are not harmful to your privacy and can be reasonably expected within the context of your use of our Services, such as Marketing , Advertising , analytics, research and optimisation of our games and other Services; and Consent. This is used as a legal basis in the following contexts: (i) the collection of data stored on your device by us and our advertising partners, including device information, ad identifiers, IP address, country and region. You consent to this collection when you agree to install our game and you can withdraw your consent to this by uninstalling our games; (ii) the storage of data on your device by us and our advertising partners, including through the use of cookies.By accessing and using our Services, you consent to this storage and you can withdraw your consent by updating your cookie settings; and (iii) the use of your data by us and our partners for targeted advertising purposes (for more information, see Marketing and Advertising above). You consent to this collection when you accept this Privacy Policy and you can withdraw your consent to this processing by following the steps at How to adjust your preferences for interest based advertising . Where we ask for your consent to use your data for any other purpose, we will make this clear at the point of collection and we will also make clear how you can withdraw your consent. In this Privacy Policy we have explained how you can opt out of certain types of processing that we undertake and where any processing is based on your consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. Nonetheless, if you play our games we will still collect some personal data about you and process it as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to collect any personal data about you at all, you should cease playing our games and stop using our Services. Retention We will keep your information for as long as your account is active or we consider necessary for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy. We will also retain and use your information for as long as is required in order to comply with our legal obligations. Location of storage We store your information on servers that we control which are primarily based in the EEA. We will also use servers and engage providers that are located outside the EEA in order to process and store your information and to provide services to us. International Transfer We will transfer your information to affiliated entities or third parties to jurisdictions outside the EEA. Please note that these countries outside of the EEA will not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction. We take steps to ensure that there are adequate safeguards and mechanisms in place (including the use of EU model clauses) to allow the transfer of your information across borders outside of the EEA. South Korea Please note that a different version of this Privacy Policy applies if you live in South Korea (please see https://king.com/ko/privacyPolicy ). Changes to this Privacy Policy We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. Any new policy will be effective from the date it is published by us, unless we provide otherwise. In addition to the information provided throughout this Privacy Policy, state privacy laws in the United States require that we disclose to consumers in those states additional information about the processing of their personal data. Below we describe the purposes for which we use and disclose personal data and, for each purpose, the categories of personal data we use and disclose and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal data. Service functionality : We use certain data to provide you with our Services and games, including to create and manage your account, enter a contract for sale or services, facilitate purchases or process payments, fulfill orders, send service communications, provide customer service functions, and conduct general business operations, such as accounting, recordkeeping, and audits, analyzing our performance, and meeting our legal obligations. Service improvement : We use data you provide to improve, grow, and optimize our Services, including to maintain and verify the quality of our Services, develop new games, products, and other services, and understand how our Services are being used, our customer base and purchasing trends, and the effectiveness of our marketing.Personalization : We use data to offer you recommendations and tailor the Services to your preferences.The personal data we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal data provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your, date of birth, and countryPayment information, collected by our third-party payment processors to complete a purchase Information that you provide when you register with a Service, including when you link a third-party account to your King Profile or play via a third-party account (such as your Facebook or Google account)Information contained in your communications to us, including when you contact customer serviceAny information that you provide by interacting with our Services (please note that some comments or information will also be visible to other users of our Services)Customer service information, such as any issues you raise and their resolution Personal data automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a ServiceBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase history We disclose this personal data to: Various Group Companies which will use the personal information for their own marketing purposes Service providers, including billing firms, customer service support, consultancies, information technology providers, cybersecurity providers, payment processors, accounting and auditing firmsPartners and licensees who provide you with goods or services you have requested, or create applications and websites that benefit our player community King also publicly displays certain personal information about you, including third-party account information and gameplay information, on the Services, or the properties operated by our third-party partners and licensees. For example, your King Profile username will be displayed on leaderboards if you are a top player in a certain King game. If you have synced a third-party account with your King Profile, we, or our third-party partners or licensees, will make your username available to be searched by other users if you have not opted out of this feature Sweepstakes, Promotions and Competitions : When King runs promotions or competitions, we collect certain personal data from participants to enter them into the promotion and to deliver any prizes won. We will also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. We will combine that data with other data we have collected about you and use such combined information for other purposes stated in this Privacy Policy The personal data we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal data provided by you Contact information, including name, address, postal code, age and/or date of birth, email address, telephone number, and other information you submitInformation you provide in order to claim any prizes you win We disclose this personal data to: Various Group Companies which will use the personal information for their own marketing purposesService providers, vendors, or business partners, such as entities conducting promotions on our behalf. In some circumstances, such as disclosures to business partners for their own marketing purposes, we make these disclosures only with your consent.Advertising and marketing : To send you marketing communications and newsletters, personalize the advertisements you see on our Services and third-party online properties, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising The personal data we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal data provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your, date of birth, and countryInformation that you provide when you register with a Service, including when you link a third-party account to your King Profile or play via a third-party account (such as your Facebook or Google account)Any information that you provide by interacting with our Services (please note that some comments or information will also be visible to other users of our Services) Information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and servicesMarketing preferences Personal data automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a ServiceBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase historyMobile advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device We disclose this personal data to: Various Group Companies which will use the personal information for their own marketing purposes Online advertising partners, including partners who use Cookies to personalize, retarget, and measure the effectiveness of advertising, including on our mobile gamesThese partners will combine this personal information with information that they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites and services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems. Social media platformsBusiness partners, when you give us your consent to disclose your personal information to them The personal data we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal data provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, date of birth, email address, telephone numberInformation that you provide when you register with a Service, including when you link a third-party account to your King Profile or play via a third-party account (such as your Facebook or Google account).Any information that you provide by interacting with our Services (please note that some comments or information will also be visible to other users of our Services) Personal data automatically collected, including by monitoring and recording on your device: Websites visited before and after you use a ServiceBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunications (including without limitation chat, text, or voice communications)Usage dataMobile advertising IDs, non-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile deviceActivities on your device We will disclose this personal information to: Various Group Companies which will use the personal information for the purposes listed aboveService providers such as platform providers, cybersecurity providers, tournament providers, and information technology providersOther entities when we believe that this is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of any personRegulatory or law enforcement agencies Legal compliance: To comply with legal process, such as warrants, subpoenas, and court orders; to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests, such as when we have a good-faith belief that we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or will expose you or us to legal liability; to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights; to protect the vital interests of any person; and to comply with applicable legal requirements. Such personal data includes: Any information requested through legal process or that we believe in good faith is necessary to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests for the purposes listed above. We will disclose this personal data to: Regulatory or law enforcement agencies, including jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.Our legal advisors or consultants. Corporate change: We will disclose any personal data that we have collected about you in connection with the sale of our business or assets in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event.King is not responsible for the privacy practices of Activision Blizzard Group Companies and the use of your personal data by the Activision Blizzard Group Companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you will find on each company’s website. Your US Privacy Rights Residents of some states have certain rights in relation to their personal data. We describe below the rights that will be available to you, depending on your state of residence. You will have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, access to the personal data we have collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal data, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers to whom we sell, share, or disclose it. Please note that certain data will be exempt from such requests under law. You will have the right to request that in certain circumstances we correct personal data that we have collected about you. Some data will be exempt from such requests under law. You will also have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from or about you. Some personal data will be exempt from such requests under law. For example, we need certain types of personal data so that we can provide our Properties to you. If you ask us to delete it, you will no longer be able to access or use our Properties. California residents have the right to limit our use of their sensitive personal data if we use such personal data to infer characteristics about them. To exercise this right, please visit our Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information webpage or contact us at https://soporto.king.com/contact;. Your right to limit our use of such personal data is subject to exception. In some states, we will be required to obtain your consent before collecting your sensitive personal data. Under the laws of some states, consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal data or the sharing of their personal data with third parties for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising). We share certain information with third parties who do work on our behalf for the business purposes we describe above. We also will allow third-party advertising companies to collect information about your activity on our websites and in our apps, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These advertising entities use information they collect to help us provide more relevant advertisements and for other purposes described in our Privacy Policy. You can control the sharing of your personal data for targeted advertising through our websites and apps in the following ways: To set up cookie controls and opt-out of advertising cookies, including third-party advertising cookies, by clicking here . You can also set up cookie controls through many browser settings and you can use industry-wide opt outs to control the use of cookies for interest-based advertising purposes. You also can opt-out through the in-app Privacy and Security section, in the King mobile applications, once you opt out, we record your preferences. We will not share your data for these purposes. The personal data collected through these methods is associated with your browser or device, so if you would like to opt out for this data you will need to disable cookies or trackers as described above. Because your opt-out preference is stored in a cookie, if you reset your advertising ID or clear your cookies then we will not recognize your device or your choices, so you must opt out again. You will also disable non-advertising cookies through your browser or device settings. King recognizes Do Not Track settings. Personal Data Collected Through King Profiles: In addition to the opt-outs related to advertising above, we support state privacy laws by allowing residents to opt out of any other future sale or sharing of their personal data for targeted advertising by clicking here . Logging in with an account helps us to process your request. You can also submit a request to opt out of sales by emailing us at privacy@support.king.com. You will exercise any privacy rights to which you are entitled by submitting your request to us here or sending an email to privacy@support.king.com. To exercise your right to correction, please update your account information directly or send an email to privacy@support.king.com. For security purposes, we will verify your identity – and will request information from you to do so – when you request to exercise your privacy rights. If you have an online account you use to interact with King , logging into your account will serve to verify your identity and request. We will request additional information if we believe your account has been compromised.If you do not have an account with us, or if we have reason to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, then we will request additional information from you to match with our existing records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information sought. Some states permit you to designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights as described above. We will take steps to both verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney. Once we have verified your identity (and your authorized agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate. If we are unable to complete your requests, we will provide you information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request. We do not engage in “profiling” in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, unless allowed under applicable law. Some state laws allow residents who are not satisfied with our response to their requests to appeal our decision by contacting us as described in the written notice we will provide to you. Additional Privacy Information for California Residents Depending on how you interact with us, King will collect the following categories of personal data about you. For information about the purposes for which we use and disclose data, and additional potential disclosures of personal data, please see US residents section above. Identifiers, collected from you, our social media pages, or third-party subscription service providers, will be disclosed to our service providers and will be sold to or shared with business partners.Financial information, collected from you, will be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share financial information. Protected classifications and other sensitive data, collected from you, will be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share protected classifications and other sensitive data. Commercial information, collected from you, will be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share commercial information.Geolocation information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, will be shared with our service providers. We will sell or share coarse location information to our advertising partners; we do not sell or share precise geolocation information.Internet or electronic network activity information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, will be shared with our service providers and will be sold to our advertising partners. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, collected from you, will be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information.Inferences drawn about you, collected from you and our advertising and analytics partners, will be shared with our service providers. We will sell or share such information with our advertising partners.Content of communications, collected from you, will be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share content of communications. Information of contacts that you supply to us will be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information. We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal data listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such data, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the data based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation. California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal data, as explained here. We will collect your personal data in order to offer you the benefits and rewards you request. For example, we need your email address in order to verify your account to deliver an in-game item. If we do offer you the chance to participate in such a program, your participation is optional. If you choose to participate, your participation will be subject to the applicable terms or conditions, and you can withdraw at any time. Your information has no real currency value or its equivalent. Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal data with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval.For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please send us an email to privacy@support.king.com, or write us at: King.com Ltd of Aragon House Business Centre, Level 4, Dragonara Road, St Julians STJ3140, Malta. Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or remove data provided by you or publicly posted by you, by accessing your King Profile or another product or service as applicable and editing/removing your Information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You will also send us an email asking us to remove certain posted content at privacy@support.king.com. In the alternative, you will write to us at King.com Ltd of Aragon House Business Centre, Level 4, Dragonara Road, St Julians STJ3140, Malta.We will be happy to review, update or remove information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of data and/or content that have been removed from your account and/or the Services will remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. We will still retain your data to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal data will be blocked from use for any other purpose. Additional Privacy Information for Nevada Residents Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us will opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you will submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at privacy@support.king.com. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several way of contacting us: via our customer services page at https://soporto.king.com/contact ;if you have questions, please check our FAQs ;via email to privacy@support.king.com ; orin writing to King.com Ltd of Aragon House Business Centre, Level 4, Dragonara Road, St Julians STJ3140, Malta. For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is King.com Limited. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted here: dataprotectionofficer@king.com. Print Intro Playing our games Visiting our websites King Profile and Playing Socially Marketing Advertising Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies Your rights Children General US residents Contact us King is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world, with people all around the world playing one or more of our games. We have developed more than 200 fun titles, offering games that are enjoyed all around the world. Find us on: Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesFunctional CookiesPerformance CookiesManage PreferencesWeb Analytics Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information about Privacy at King you can visit our Privacy Policy . Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and provide important functionality and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Manage Preferences Manage Preferences Use the toggle to change your preferences. This won't affect your preferences in other King games. See our Privacy Policy for how to opt out across all King games. Web Analytics Cookies Web Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Back Vendor Search Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use cookies to give you the best user experience on King.com, including when you return to our site and when you are logged in. We also analyze our website traffic and share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners. If you click “Accept,” you will be accepting all cookies. “Declining” cookies limits us to necessary cookies only and prevents us from providing you with a personalized experience. For more information, you can visit King Cookie Policy.