Website Visitor Privacy Policy How do I remove my data from Kochava? Visit the OPT OUT & DO NOT SELL page. Is the Kochava.com website intended for persons under thirteen years of age? No. The Kochava.com website is not intended for the use of persons under thirteen years of age. Kochava does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifying information (“PII”) from or about children, nor does Kochava knowingly market its products or services to children. What is CCPA and how does it apply to me? Visit Kochava’s CCPA FAQ page for answers to your CCPA questions. Is a website visitor able to access its PII? Yes. A visitor may request access to all of its Kochava Does this Privacy Policy apply to linked websites? No. Although the Kochava.com website may contain links to other sites, Kochava is not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by those sites. Kochava neither owns nor controls the third-party websites; thus, this Website Visitor Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by them. What type of information does Kochava collect from users of the Kochava.com website? By way of industry-standard web log files and similar tools, each time a user visits the Kochava.com website, Kochava collects the URL from which the user visited, the pages visited, the computer’s browser information, and the IP address. Does Kochava use web cookies on the Kochava.com website? Yes. Kochava uses web cookies to track the pages viewed during each visit to the Kochava.com website. Kochava uses this information to help improve the user’s experience and to better understand how users use the site. Kochava does not attempt to link web cookie data to PII. Is a user able to block Kochava from placing web cookies on its computer? Yes. A user may set its browser to refuse web cookies before accessing the Kochava.com website. In doing so, however, certain features of the site may not function properly and the user assumes all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality. Is Kochava a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield program? Yes. Kochava is a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Kochava has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. For more information regarding the program and its principles, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles will govern. Does Kochava collect any PII from website visitors? No, unless it is voluntarily provided by the visitor. Kochava does not collect any PII when a user visits the Kochava.com website unless the user voluntarily provides such information as a result of: (a) submitting an inquiry through the Kochava.com “Contact” page; (b) submitting a request for a product demonstration through the “Request a Demo” page; (c) registering as a client on the “Sign Up” page; or (d) submitting an application for employment on the “Careers” page. Such PII may include, among other information, a user’s full name, physical address, email address, phone number, company name, and website URL. Users are under no obligation to provide Kochava with PII of any kind; however, refusal to do so may prevent the user from using certain features of the site. How does Kochava use the PII it receives from website visitors? Kochava may use a visitor’s PII to: (a) inform the user of customized business solutions; (b) directly communicate with the user regarding the use of the Kochava services; or (c) review a user’s application for employment. By using the forms found on the Kochava.com website, the visitor consents to the use of PII in order for Kochava to contact and deliver information to them. What are some of the major rights consumers have under CCPA? Right to Opt Out: Consumers have the right to direct a business that sells personal information to third parties not to sell the consumer’s personal information. Cal. Civ. Code §1798.120(a) Right to Deletion: Consumers have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer. Furthermore, the business must direct its service providers to delete the consumer’s personal information. Cal. Civ. Code §1798.105(a) and (c) Right to Disclosure: Consumers have the right to request that the business disclose to the consumer (i) the categories of personal information collected, (ii) the categories of personal information sold to third parties, (iii) the categories of third parties to whom personal information was sold, and (iv) the categories of personal information the business disclosed for a business purpose. Cal. Civ.Code §1798.115(a) Right of Data Portability: Consumers have the right to receive their personal information from a business in a readily useable format to enable the consumer to transmit the information from one entity to another without any hindrance. Cal. Civ. Code §§1798.100(d) and 1798.130(a)(2) Does Kochava share the PII it receives from website visitors with third-parties? No, unless Kochava is unable to meet a visitor’s particular business objective. Under such circumstances, Kochava may elect to disclose a visitor’s PII in order to match them with a registered Kochava partner. These partners are contractually obligated to treat the PII with at least the same level of confidentiality as does Kochava. Despite taking these precautionary measures, Kochava may be liable in some circumstances for the onward transfer of personal information to a third party that violates the Privacy Shield Principles. How may a website visitor opt-out from receiving communications from Kochava? A user may opt-out from receiving communications from Kochava by contacting Kochava via email ( privacy@kochava.com ) or by contacting the legal department via telephone (855-862-4282). Is a website visitor able to limit the use or disclosure of its PII? Yes. A visitor may instruct Kochava to limit the use of its data and PII to that which is strictly necessary for Kochava to directly service the visitor. A visitor may also instruct Kochava to limit the use of its data and PII to the express reason Kochava provided for such use. A visitor may also instruct Kochava to permanently delete its PII in the event the visitor no longer desires any communication from Kochava. Furthermore, a visitor may instruct Kochava to withhold disclosure of its PII to third-parties. A visitor may request the above limitations by contacting Kochava via email ( privacy@kochava.com ) or by contacting the legal department via telephone (855-862-4282). Is a website visitor able to access its PII? Yes. A visitor may request access to all of its Kochava-collected PII by contacting Kochava via email ( privacy@kochava.com ) or by contacting the legal department via telephone (855-862-4282). Does Kochava process PII on behalf of its commercial clients? It depends on how PII is characterized under the terms of the contractual relationship between Kochava and the client. Some jurisdictions define PII more broadly than others to include things like device ID or IP address. Other jurisdictions define PII more narrowly to only include things like email address or first/last name. Kochava almost always processes device ID and IP address, while Kochava almost never processes email address or first/last name. By default, Kochava’s software is programmed to not collect the most obvious types of PII (e.g. email, first/last name). Kochava’s standard license contract requires clients to obtain consent and post privacy policies in order to use Kochava’s services. Furthermore, app stores like iTunes and Google Play have safeguards in place to ensure app developers have proper consent mechanisms and privacy policies in place if the app is programmed to collect certain types of PII. How should a website visitor lodge a privacy complaint against Kochava? A user should contact Kochava with its privacy complaint via email ( privacy@kochava.com ) or by contacting the legal department via telephone (855-862-4282). Is an independent dispute resolution mechanism in place to resolve privacy complaints brought by citizens of an EU member nation? Yes. In the event a citizen of an EU member nation or Switzerland seeks to have an unresolved privacy complaint against Kochava addressed by an independent third-party, the website visitor may contact JAMS. For more information or to file a complaint, a user is encouraged to visit the JAMS website: https://www.jamsadr.com/ . Furthermore, if a user privacy complaint is not resolved through these means, a binding arbitration option may be available before the Privacy Shield Panel in certain limited circumstances. Must Kochava disclose PII in response to lawful requests by public authorities? Yes, in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Kochava may be required under certain circumstances to disclose PII in response to lawful requests by public authorities. Is Kochava subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)? Yes. Kochava voluntarily subjects itself to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC, as required by its participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield programs. Where does Kochava store its collected information? Kochava distributes and stores all of the information it collects in secure servers located in the United States. As such, all PII provided by a website visitor to Kochava is hosted on servers located in the United States. To whom should a user direct its questions regarding this Privacy Policy?A website visitor may direct its questions regarding this Privacy Policy to the legal department via email ( privacy@kochava.com ), via telephone (855-862-4282), or via U.S. Mail (201 Church Street, Sandpoint, ID 83864). This Website Visitor Privacy Policy was last updated October 21, 2022. Quick Links Resources Company Subscribe to Our Newsletter Subscribe Now Get Started © 2008 - 2023 Powered by LocalizeKochava Data Security & Privacy Your trust and the safety of your data are critical foundations of Kochava’s privacy-first data solutions. As an industry-leading technology provider, we help enable compliance and ensure the security of your data and that of your customers. In today’s privacy-centric data economy, brands can form closer connections with consumers than ever before by building trusted relationships. Therefore, it is vital to protect information being shared across platforms and connected devices while also empowering consumers with choice. CCPA The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) represents a significant shift in state-side consumer data privacy legislation, with implications for brands serving and targeting consumers in the state of California. For answers to important questions about your business, Kochava, and the CCPA, visit our CCPA FAQ CCPA requires brands to provide consumers with a comprehensive description of their online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal information and of the rights of consumers regarding their personal information. Privacy policies must be designed and presented in a way that is easy to read and understandable to an average consumer. Unlike Europe’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), which required app developers to “ask consumers for consent,” the CCPA requires developers to provide consumers a mechanism to “opt-out” from having their personal data sold, with stricter “opt-in” mechanisms for minors. Full legislation here The CCPA took effect on January 1st, 2020, with enforcement commencing no later than July 1st, 2020. Kochava complies with the CCPA in its capacity as a “service provider” in providing Kochava Measurement services. Kochava complies with the CCPA in its capacity as a “data broker” in providing Kochava Collective services. As an acting member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), Kochava is enacting the IAB’s CCPA Compliance Framework within our native measurement SDKs, and requires data suppliers contributing to the Kochava Collective to pass appropriate privacy string signals. GDPR The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) creates consistent data protection rules across Europe. It applies to companies that are based in the EU and global companies like Kochava that process personal data about individuals in the EU. Kochava is, and will continue to be, compliant with all data privacy laws across the globe. We are committed to complying with GDPR legislation and collaborating with partners to facilitate compliance. We thought it would be helpful to provide the context upon which Kochava delivers its services to clients in order for you to better understand how Kochava complies with GDPR and treats client data. Kochava provides a number of different services to clients: Kochava MeasurementKochava CollectiveFree App Analytics A comprehensive set of data analytics and attribution tools The characteristic Kochava Measurement client is a company that has created an app and wants to measure every aspect of an advertising campaign promoting it. The Kochava Measurement client enters into a contractual relationship with Kochava, which allows the client to embed Kochava software (an “SDK”) into its app. The client customizes the SDK to collect certain data derived from the app. Kochava processes this data on behalf of the client and visualizes it on a private dashboard for the client’s analysis. The client pays Kochava a fee for providing this service. The data remains the exclusive property of the client at all times. A mobile audience marketplace The characteristic Kochava Collective client is a company that has created an app and wants to advertise it to specific audiences. The Kochava Collective client enters into a contractual relationship with Kochava in order to access a mobile audience marketplace and use the data therein for advertising purposes. The client browses the marketplace and builds custom audiences based on data attributes associated with mobile devices. The client then chooses among partnering ad networks to activate an ad campaign directed to those mobile devices. Kochava is paid a fee for providing this service. Kochava populates the marketplace with data from its Free App Analytics clients and third-party suppliers. A limited set of free data analytics and attribution tools, made available in return for your contribution of data to the Kochava Collective marketplace The characteristic Free App Analytics (“FAA”) client is a company that has created an app and wants to measure the performance of an advertising campaign promoting it. The FAA client enters into a contractual relationship with Kochava, which allows the client to embed Kochava software (an “SDK”) into its app. The client customizes the SDK to collect certain data derived from the app.Kochava processes this data on behalf of the client and visualizes it on a private dashboard for the client’s analysis. Instead of the client paying Kochava a fee for this service, the FAA client allows Kochava to use the data for Kochava’s own purposes. There are two distinct differences between Kochava Measurement and FAA: (1) The FAA client has access to a limited set of data analytics tools, whereas the Kochava Measurement client has access to the full suite of tools; and (2) the FAA client receives the service free of charge in exchange for granting first-party data rights to Kochava, whereas the Kochava Measurement client pays Kochava a fee for services without granting additional data rights. Kochava does not, and will not, determine the purposes or means of processing personal data of European data subjects for any of its clients. As such, Kochava operates exclusively as a Data Processor under GDPR across each of its business units. In its capacity as a Data Processor, Kochava adheres to the rules of the GDPR as follows: The Kochava Measurement and FAA service platforms (“Platform”) are designed to enable clients to: Determine which personal data the Platform processes;Limit the collection of personal data to that which is adequate, relevant, and necessary for the purpose of which they are processed;Manage the retention periods of personal data; andDestroy personal data. The Platform is designed to: Process personal information in conformance to the instructions provided by the client;Collect only the personal data that are necessary for fulfilling the purposes of which they are processed;Make personal data accessible only to a limited number of people whose job requires such access; andEnsure a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing personal data. Kochava contractually prohibits its clients from utilizing the Platform to collect, process, or otherwise handle sensitive personal data. Kochava does not keep personal data any longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is being processed. Kochava deletes personal data after a client’s contract has expired or has been terminated. Kochava will continue to promptly inform clients of incidents involving personal data in line with the data incident terms in our current (and any subsequently updated) agreements. Kochava maintains, and will continue to invest in, advanced threat detection and avoidance technologies, as well as a rigorous 24/7 incident management program to help identify and respond to security or privacy events (and any personal data breaches under the GDPR) without delay. Kochava is audited annually by an independent third party against GDPR and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standards. Kochava ingests client data to its cloud servers from locations across the world. Upon ingestion, Kochava transfers the data to its secure processing facility located in the United States. Kochava is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, which is a legal mechanism to enable the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area to the US, where certified organizations guarantee to provide a level of protection in line with EU data protection law. See more here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnEHAA0&status=Active Kochava also offers clients EU-approved Model Contract Clauses upon request. Kochava will, in addition, continue to monitor the evolution of international data-transfer mechanisms under the GDPR, and is committed to having an ongoing lawful basis for data transfers in compliance with applicable data protection laws. Kochava does not subcontract any of its processing operations to a subprocessor in the absence of a written agreement which contractually obligates the subprocessor to adhere to all applicable GDPR data processing requirements. You may click here to be redirected to the Kochava web page dedicated to providing guidance on opting out of interest-based advertising. In order to protect your privacy, Kochava has engineered its systems to not collect identifying information such as email, name, and phone number. However, GDPR considers mobile device identifiers and IP addresses to be “personal information.” A mobile device identifier is a unique string of 30+ numbers associated with your device (e.g., cell phone). An IP address is a series of numbers separated by periods that identifies each computing device using a particular “Internet Protocol” at a given time to communicate over a network. If you are concerned that Kochava has this information, we will be happy to delete it from our systems upon request. You may submit a request to delete all your personal information by emailing Kochava at privacy@kochava.com or by contacting the legal department via telephone at 855-562-4282.However, please bear in mind that when you contact Kochava with such a request, because of the precautions we have proactively taken to protect your privacy, you are actually volunteering more personally identifying information to Kochava as a result of lodging the request than Kochava would have ever had prior to you initiating contact. In its capacity as a processor of personal data, Kochava will ensure its contractual agreements with clients require the parties to adhere to the respective obligations of controllers and processors. Furthermore, Kochava will enter into data-processing agreements with clients where required. Our Consent Management Platform can help you comply with CCPA as a business and GDPR as a data controller. Learn more Standards, Regulations & Certifications Comprehensive controls over security and risk management A framework for legally transferring and processing EU data in the US Controls over financial reporting Controls over security, availability, and confidentiality Public report of controls over security, availability, and confidentiality Securing cloud computing environments. German standard for information security of cloud services. Accessibility Statement We’re committed to access for everyone. Kochava is committed to making our website as accessible as possible to people with special needs. We are actively taking steps toward improving the accessibility of our website ensuring we provide equal access to all of our users. We view accessibility as an ongoing effort and will continue to devote resources to further enhance the accessibility of our website and other technologies. Web Content Accessibility Guidelines ( WCAG ) Kochava is WCAG 2.1 AA Compliant Wherever possible, Kochava.com will adhere to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). These guidelines outline four main principles that state that sites should be: Perceivable: Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways they can perceive.Operable: User interface components and navigation must be operable.Understandable: Information and the operation of user interface must be understandable.Robust: Content must be robust enough that it can be interpreted reliably by a wide variety of user agents, including assistive technologies. Service Level Standards The Kochava Platform will operate and otherwise comply and function in all material respects on an uptime basis of 99.99% over a rolling annual basis. If an incident disrupts the client’s use of the Platform, then Kochava shall respond as follows: Critical Priority Incident rendering the Platform inoperative: Kochava shall respond to Company within one hour of notice and immediately begin replicating and verifying the problem.High Priority Incident degrading the operations and use of the Platform: Kochava shall respond to Company within four hours of notice and immediately begin replicating and verifying the problem.Medium Priority Incident affecting the operations of, but not degrading, the Platform: Kochava shall respond to Company within six hours of notice and immediately begin identifying and verifying the problem during normal business hours. Low Priority Incident having a minor impact on the operations of the Platform- Kochava shall respond to Company within eight hours of notice if alerted between 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. PST Monday through Friday and begin identifying and verifying the problem within two business days. †Listed certifications include those held by Kochava directly and those held by our cloud and data center service providers in so far as those certifications are applicable to our data processing and storage operations. For more information, contact privacy@kochava.com Have further questions on Kochava Data Privacy and Security? Contact Us Quick Links Resources Company Subscribe to Our Newsletter Subscribe Now Get Started © 2008 - 2023 Powered by Localize