Privacy Policy Last Updated: March 2022 We are committed to your privacy. We want you to be familiar and comfortable with what we do with your personal information. Our goal is to use your information to give you the most gracious customer experience, whether you are creating an account, purchasing our products and services, working with our customer support specialists, visiting our websites or other ways you are interacting with our company. (1) Scope: Listed below are the highlights of the Kohler Co. privacy policy. This policy applies to Kohler Co brands and customers and to Kohler.com visitors unless a separate privacy notice is prominently displayed. Our full privacy policy with all the details can be found here. (2) Data Access & Collection We collect personal data – such as your name, email address, location, and other information – directly from you When you buy our productsWhen you contact Kohler Co.When you use our website (3) Uses We use your information To provide you with seamless customer supportTo improve our product and service offerings and ensure we are meeting your customer expectationsTo help customize your online experience with more products and offers relevant to you (4) Your Choices You are in control of your personal information in your account, and you can exercise your rights and change your preferences anytime.We only market other Kohler Co products and services to you with your consent, based on your marketing preferences. (5) Regional Disclosures Kohler Co. does business through its subsidiaries/affiliates worldwide. We comply with the different privacy laws and regulations in the jurisdiction we operate. Residents of the following regions and states can further reference their privacy rights by clicking on the link ( KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com ). Please click on links be taken to your privacy rights: If you are resident of the following states, please click on the applicable link below for jurisdiction-specific policies that may apply to you: California Nevada Virginia In addition, cross-border countries: Brazil Canada China EU (6) FAQ Commonly asked questions about how we collect, store and use your data. Does Kohler Co. sell your personal data? No Does Kohler Co. share your data with service providers? YesDoes Kohler Co. use your data for promotions? YesEtc. (7) Controller and Privacy Contacts You may access information we maintain about you by contacting the Global Data Privacy program at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com The privacy laws in some countries consider a Controller to be the legal entity (or natural person) who defines the purposes for which the processing of personal information takes place and how that information is processed. Where Kohler Co. or affiliate/subsidiary it controls is required to appoint a legal representative, a controller has been appointed and can be contacted by emailing KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . WHO WE ARE Kohler Co. and its affiliates ("Kohler") are committed to your privacy. We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect online and offline. Kohler’s collection and use of information may be subject to applicable laws in the places we operate. This means that we intend for this notice applies to all Kohler’s users. If you are resident of the following states, please click on the applicable link below for jurisdiction-specific policies that may apply to you: California Nevada Virginia If you are a resident of one of the following countries, please click on the applicable link below for jurisdiction-specific policies that may apple to you: Brazil Canada China EU INFORMATION COLLECTED TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT We may collect two basic types of information: Personal Information as defined by this policy and Other Information that does not generally identify you. If we are required by law to treat that data that does not generally identify you as “Personal Information”, then we will collect, use and disclose it for the purposes for which we collect, use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Policy. We Collect: Personal contact information such as name, address, telephone number and email address.Business contact information such as business address, telephone number and email address.Information necessary to provide services or products to you.Comments and opinions you provide when you contact us directly by email, telephone or mail.Payment and transaction information for billing purposes.Browser and device information.App usage data.Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies. For more information regarding our use of cookies, click here https://www.kohlercompany.com/cookie-policy/ .Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity.Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity.Geolocation data based on your device of product.Sale and transactional information. BIOMETRIC INFORMATION COLLECTED Biometric Data may be collected. This Biometric Privacy Notice (the "Notice) explains that we may at times collect, use, or handle biometric information. Biometric information means any information, regardless of how it is captured, converted, stored, or shared, based on an individual's biometric identifier used to identify an individual. This means "Biometric Data" about an individual's physical or human characteristics that can be used to identify a person by voiceprint, fingerprints, facial shape, or scan of finger. Biometric data also includes any similar state or local law definitions related to any biological characteristics of a person, or information based upon such a characteristic, including but not limited to the In Illinois, the Biometric Information Privacy Act (the "Act") (740 ILCS 14/), provides strict requirements for compliance, the Texas Capture or Use of Biometric Identifier Act, "biometric identifier" as defined under Tex. Bus. & Com. Code §503.001, "biometric identifier" as used in Wash. Rev. Code Ann. §19.375.020, "biometric information" as used in the California Consumer Privacy Act, "biometric information" as used in the New York Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic Data Security Act, and "biometric data" as used in Arkansas Code §4-110-103. (i) "biometric identifiers" and "biometric information" as defined under the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, , Wash. Rev. Code §19.375.010, or other applicable local, state, or federal laws (collectively, "U.S. Laws"); and (ii) "biometric data" as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") or other applicable international laws (collectively, and together with U.S. Laws, "Applicable Laws"). HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION We and our service providers may collect Personal Information online in a variety of ways in connection with our services or products, including: Online Through our websites ("Websites");Through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices ("Apps");Through social media properties ("Our Social Media");Through email messages that we send to you ("Emails");Through extranet sites made available to our clients and third parties ("Extranet Sites");Through services we provide to our corporate and institutional clients ("services"); andThrough our registration process for newsletters, seminars, webinars and events. Offline When you participate in a contractual arrangement for services or products;When you provide information in conjunction with our services or products; orWhen you interact with us at an event. Other Sources Publicly available databases;Joint marketing partners and event sponsors, when they share the information with us;Other entities or franchisees to which we provide products and services;Referral sources; andSocial media platforms. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY KOHLER We and our service providers use Personal Information for legitimate business purposes, including: Providing Products and Services.To contact individuals (including employees of institutional clients) in connection with providing products and services.To respond to inquiries and fulfill requests from our clients and others, administer their file(s), provide products and services and manage our relationships. We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest. Providing you with our marketing materials and facilitating social sharingTo send you our offers, newsletters, publications, updates, and mailings related to our products or services that we think may be of interest to you.To fulfill your event or accommodation registration requests and provide goods and services and resort services.To send you information about our products and services and other news about products or services which we have reason to believe will be of interest to you. We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest. Providing the functionality of our Products and Services and fulfilling your requestsTo provide our products and services functionality to you, such as arranging access to your registered account, and providing you with related goods and services.To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, when you contact us via one of our online contact forms or otherwise (e.g., when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request other information about our products or services).To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our products and services, guarantees and warranties and changes to our terms, conditions and policies. We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation. Accomplishing our business purposesFor data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our goods and services and quality of our products.For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements.For fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft.To meet our legal and regulatory obligations. For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current products and services.For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our products and services are of most interest to customers.For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our customers.For operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our services or products are of most interest to our customers so we can focus our energies on meeting our customers' interests. We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION We disclose Personal Information: To our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy PolicyYou can consult the list and location of our affiliates listed at the bottom of this page. Subject to local requirements, this information may be used to provide products and related products and services offered by our other legal entities and for all the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.Kohler Co. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information.To our third-party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us These can include providers of services such as website hosting, services-related consulting and monitoring, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services.By using our Services, you may elect to disclose Personal InformationOn message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content (including, without limitation, our Social Media), or through which you are able to send messages through the systems. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these systems will become public and may be available to other users and the general public. We also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so: To comply with applicable law and regulations including laws outside your country of residence.To cooperate with public and government authorities, including authorities outside your country of residence.To cooperate with law enforcement.For other legal reason such as to enforce our terms and conditions and to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.In connection with a sale, merger or business transaction. RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide our products and services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using our products and services);The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you as our client and provide you with products and services;Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions or communications for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations). DATA SECURITY & CONTROLS DATA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY We have implemented internal policies and technical measures to protect Personal Information from loss, accidental destruction, misuse or disclosure.Such internal policies and technical measures include: The use of pseudonymization and encryption of personal data where appropriate;Procedures and controls to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;Procedures and controls to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;Procedures for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing; and Procedures to ensure that data is not accessed, except by individuals in the proper performance of their duties. YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES You have choices regarding marketing-related communications. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions in any such message or by contacting us by email at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THIRD PARTY SERVICES This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties. This includes any third party operating any website or service to which our websites may link. The inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media. USE OF OUR SERVICES BY MINORS The goods and services we provide are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under sixteen (16). CROSS BORDER TRANSFER Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have affiliates, outlets and facilities, or in which we engage service providers. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information. ADEQUACY DECISIONS The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) adequately protect personal data, which means that data can be transferred from the European Union (EU) to that third country without any further safeguard being necessary. The UK and Switzerland have approved similar adequacy decisions. We rely on the following adequacy decisions in some cases: For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission, to protect your Personal Information. You may obtain more information by reaching out to us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY The "LAST UPDATED" legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy. Your use of our online services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. CONTACTING US Kohler Co. is the company responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . CALIFORNIA SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE If you are a California resident, you may have additional rights under California law. This California Privacy Notice is intended to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 and applicable regulations (collectively, “CCPA”), California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), and other applicable privacy laws. Terms used in this California Notice have the meaning given those terms in such laws and regulations.In the event of a conflict of defined terms, the definitions in the CCPA control. Consumers with disabilities may access this California Notice in an alternative format by sending an email to: KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED In the last twelve (12) months, Kohler has collected the categories of Personal Information as set forth in the Section above titled “Types of Information We Collect” and more specifically the following categories: (1) Identifiers, (2) Personal Information described in the California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e), (3) commercial information regarding business transactions with Kohler, (4) internet and other electronic network activity information, and (5) characteristics of protected classifications. In addition, we may collect geolocation data in a more precise manner than general IP address, which more precise geolocation may be considered Sensitive Personal Information. CATEGORIES OF SOURCES Kohler collects the above categories of Personal Information from you, as well as from the sources identified in the Section above titled “How We Collect Your Information”. PURPOSE FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes set forth in the Section above titled “Use of Your Information by Kohler”. CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES In the last twelve (12) months, Kohler has disclosed Personal Information to the categories of third parties as set forth in the Section above titled “Sharing Your Information”. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION SOLD OR SHARED AND THE PURPOSE We do not sell your Personal Information to other companies for money. However, in the last twelve (12) months, we use and have used, industry standard website tag manager and analytics tools that share certain data to those technology vendors, which may consist of data categories classified as identifiers and/or internet and electronic activity information. Under California law, this sharing of that type of data to these types of vendors may be considered the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information. Kohler does not have any knowledge that it has sold or shared Personal Information of a child under the age of 16. RETENTION We retain each category of Personal Information as set forth above in the Section titled “Retention of Your Information”. SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION Kohler does not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for reasons other than as necessary and proportionate to (1) perform the services or provide the products reasonably expected when you request those services or products and support those products and services, (2) prevent, detect and investigate security incidents, (3) resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and prosecute those actions, (4) ensure physical safety of individuals, (5), short-term transient use, (6) verify and maintain quality and safety of products, and services, and (7) facilitate processing where we are not using that Sensitive Personal Information to infer any characteristics about you . YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS As a California resident, you have the following rights regarding the Personal Information we collect about you: Right to Know You have the right to request information disclosing (a) the categories of the Personal Information we collected, (b) the sources from which we collected it, (c) the purpose for which we collected, sold, or shared that Personal Information, and/or (d) the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your Personal Information during the prior twelve (12) months. You further have the right to request access to the Personal Information we have collected. Right to Correct You have the right to correct any inaccurate information that we maintain on your personal information. Right to Delete You have the right to request us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected or maintained about you and your household. Process You can exercise the foregoing rights by clicking here or calling 1-800-923-1138. To ensure that the request is coming from you and to protect the security of your Personal Information, we may require you to provide us with certain information to verify your identity such as your email address, your telephone number, a description of the product or service you purchased or inquired about, the dollar amount of your last purchase and/or a signed declaration under penalty of perjury from you that you are the consumer whose Personal Information is subject to the request. The nature of our requirements for verification and authentication may vary based on the sensitivity of your request.You may use an authorized agent to exercise your right to know if the authorized agent has your power of attorney act on your behalf or the authorized agent has your written authorization permitting the authorized agent to request access to your Personal Information. Right to Nondiscrimination You have the right to receive our products and services on equal terms regardless of whether or not you exercise your rights under the CCPA. Right to opt-out of Sale/Sharing As noted above, we do not sell Personal Information for money. However, if you do not want any Personal Information to be sold or shared with third parties as contemplated by California law, you have the right opt-out of sale/sharing of your Personal Information to third parties. You may send your request to KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . Please provide your state of residency, your IP address (if known), and the approximate date and time you were on our Websites, Apps, or our Social Media to facilitate us identifying data of this nature and honoring your request. Please note that without sufficient information to identify you in our systems, we may be unable to identify your data to implement your request. Do Not Track Signal Some browsers and browser extensions support the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating your choice to opt-out from certain types of data processing, including data sales. When we detect such a signal, we will make reasonable efforts to respect your choices indicated by the GPC setting. For more information, visit For more information, visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org . Response Time We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosure will only cover the twelve (12)-month period before the date verifiable consumer request was received. If we cannot process your request, we will explain the reason why we cannot comply with the request. NEVADA SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE As stated above, Kohler does not sell Personal Information for money. Regardless, under Nevada law, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to direct us not to sell your Personal Information for monetary payment by emailing us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com clicking here or calling 1-800-923-1138. VIRGINIA SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE If you are a Virginia resident, you may have additional rights under Virginia law. This Virginia Privacy Notice is intended to comply with Virginia’s Consumer Data Protection Act and applicable regulations (collectively, “VCDPA”). Terms used in this Virginia Notice have the meaning given to those terms in such laws and regulations. In the event of a conflicting of defined terms, the definitions in the VCDPA control. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED Kohler collects the categories of Personal Information as set forth in the Section above titled “Types of Information We Collect”. PURPOSE FOR COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION We collect Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes set forth in the Section above titled “Use of Your Information by Kohler”. CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES Kohler has disclosed Personal Information to the categories of third parties as set forth in the Section above titled “Sharing Your Information”. YOUR VIRGINIA RIGHTS As a Virginia resident, you have the following rights regarding the Personal Information we collect about you: RIGHT TO ACCESS You have the right to request confirmation whether or not we are processing your Personal Information and to access such Personal Information. RIGHT TO COLLECT You have a right to request correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the processing of such Personal Information. RIGHT TO DELETE You have a right to request deletion of Personal Information provided by or obtained about you. RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY You have a right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT You have a right to opt-out of the processing of the Personal Information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of Personal Information, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you.PROCESS You can exercise the foregoing rights by clicking here or calling 1-800-923-1138. If we are unable to authenticate the request using commercially reasonable efforts, we will not be required to comply with your request to initiate an action of your rights and may request that you provide additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate your request. RIGHT TO APPEAL If we reject or deny your request, you have the right to appeal our decision by submitting an appeal to KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . This appeal request must be submitted within a reasonable time following our rejection of your request. RESPONSE TIME We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosure will only cover the twelve (12)-month period before the date verifiable consumer request was received. If we cannot process your request, we will explain the reason why we cannot comply with the request, along with information on how to appeal our decision. EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS If you are resident in the European Economic Area, under European law you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold. If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. Residents in other jurisdictions may also have similar rights to the above. Please contact us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com if you would like to exercise one of these rights, and we will comply with any request to the extent required under applicable law. Right of Access You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information; information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods; information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Right of Portability You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person. Right to Rectification You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay. Right of Erasure You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified. Right to Restriction You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you. Right to Object You have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason. Residents of France If you are resident in France, you also have the right to set guidelines for the retention and communication of your personal information after your death. BRAZIL RESIDENTS' RIGHTS This Privacy Notice for Brazil Residents. This Notice applies solely to all visitors, users, and others whose personal data processing is subject to the Law no. 13,709/2018 (General Data Protection Law – "LGPD") ("users" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the LGPD and any terms defined in the LGPD have the same meaning when used in this Notice. WHAT WE COLLECT Kohler collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with an individual ("personal information").USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION To offer our products and services to current customers and potential customers, including through direct marketing. To create, maintain, customize, and secure your relationship with us. To process your requests and prevent transactional fraud. To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services. To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. We may use or disclose the personal information we to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. To provide, support, customize, and develop our website, products, and services. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION We may disclose your personal information to a third party, when necessary. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient as mentioned above in the section "Information we share. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER We may perform international transfer of your data. When this occurs, all treatment of your personal data happens based on the LGPD, relevant national and international legislation, as well as the contract signed, to guarantee the security and privacy of your personal data. STORAGE TIME We will only store your personal data as mentioned above under the section "Storage". LGPD gives you specific rights to your personal information, as described in article 18 et. Seq. of the law. To know your rights please click here- ( LGPD | Art. 18 (akarion.app) CANADA's PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND ELECTRONIC DOCUMENT ACT Canada’s Personal Information and Electronic Document Act (PIPEDA) is intended to define the use or disclose of personal information. It provides Canadian residents more control over how their personal information is used when engaging in commercial activities. Residents are provided with the right to access their personal information and the right to challenge its accuracy. As a Canadian resident, you have to be given the right to provide meaningful consent when businesses or organizations are collecting or using your information. Here are your rights: All personal information collected is done under our privacy policy and you will be informed when your personal information may be required for the purposes for which it is collected and exercising your rights of access to that information by emailing us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . Right to Access You have a right to request and access any personal information we have of you Right to Correct You have the right to correct any inaccurate or outdated personal information we hold about you or delete any inaccurate information Withdraw Consent You have the right to withdraw consent on any activities which you have not consented on such as direct marketing or cookies, or delete any user generated content you have posted on our website CHINA PRIVACY NOTICE ADDENDUM This China privacy policy and China Terms and Conditions on Handling Client information will also apply to the extent that you have any dealings with, or provide personal information to, any, Kohler entity or, to the extent that any data protection law in China applies or, any of their affiliates (or affiliates of Kohler, Co) from time to, It does not replace the global privacy policy or Kohler’s and Conditions Handling Client information. To the extent that this addendum, the global privacy policy or Kohler’s China Terms and Conditions time on Handling Client Information are inconsistent with applicable law, they shall be deemed amended to the extent required to comply with such applicable law. BIOMETRIC PRIVACY NOTICE Biometric data (“Biometric Data”), which is an individual’s physical or human characteristics that can be used to identify a person by voiceprint, fingerprints, facial shape, or scan of finger, may be collected. We may at times collect, use, or handle biometric information for our connected products (eg smart products).Biometric information means any information, regardless of how it is captured, converted, stored, or shared, based on an individual’s biometric identifier used to identify an individual. Requirement to Provide Personal information Rights Relating to Personal Information: The following are your individual rights and to practice any of these rights, please contact us at KohlerGlobalDataPrivacy@kohler.com . • You have the right to know what personal information is handled • You have to know how your information is handled • You have right to access your information • You have a right to ask for your personal information to be corrected or supplemented • You have a right to ask to limit the scope of the information or to delete it • You have a right to opt-out of automated decision making or automated decision making for any marketing purposes • And you have the right to withdraw consent to personal information processing Revocation of Consent You have the right to withdraw your consent to release personal information at any time. To exercise this right please send an email to Kohlerglobaldataprivacy@kohler.com and practice the right to opt-out. Separate Consent When your sensitive personal information is handled, voluntarily and explicit statement of consent must be provided: • A separate consent is needed when sensitive information is handled • Your Personal data is transferred outside of China • Your Personal data is provided to a third party • Your personal data is publicly disclosed • Handing personal information under the age of 14 a parent or trustees’ consent is required Transfer of Personal Information Overseas • We are not allowed to transfer your personal information outside of China unless we have a lawful basis for sharing your data, and if we do so, we will request your explicit consent for the transfer to take place • We will keep a record of the transfer we make Help Us Improve This Site Follow Us Sign up to receive email news, promotions, and information about Kohler. Stores Resources Help About Us ©Kohler Co. All Rights Reserved Your Cart 0 Your Cart is Empty Continue Shopping Cart Total $0.00 Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work properly. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics and Performance Cookies Analytics and Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to improve its performance for you. Targeting (Advertising) Cookies Targeting (Advertising) Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Troubleshooting Session Recording Troubleshooting Session Recording When enabled by you, these cookies and technologies allow for the website administrator to troubleshoot issues you may have while navigating the site, purchasing products from the site, or requesting consultations. For instance, if you contact customer service because you experienced issues completing a website task, this feature will allow the company to review the error and correct it for you quickly. This functionality will not turn on unless you actively elect it through "Accept All" or individual cookie category selection. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Live chat: Chat