Privacy Policy of PhotoGrid Modified on April 19, 2017 At PhotoGrid we recognize that your privacy is significant. PhotoGrid (hereinafter referred to as "us", "we" or "our") has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. This Privacy Policy (referred to as "Policy") applies to your use of the PhotoGrid applications on all platforms ( the Site http://www.cmcm.com/en-us/photo-grid/ , the App and these services constituting the "Service").We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Policy, you must not use the Service. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT? Information You Directly And Voluntarily Provide Us. When you are a visitor of the Service, we may collect information you provide to us when you communicate with the Service, such as you offering comments or feedback to our customer service department. If you sign up to become a registered user of the Service, you may be required to provide your certain information as a part of the registration process. This information may include your email, password, name, gender, date of birth, cellphone number and so on. Our service also allow you to register an account through a third party social network, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google. We may collect some of your information from these third-party platforms. In addition, when you initiate a purchase process within our Service, you may be asked to provide your mailing address or your payment account information. As a registered member of our Service, you can create your user profile and provide some additional information about yourself, such as your location, your photo, your website, date of birth or other introductory information about yourself, which, to a great extent, can help other users to better identify you or more effectively help you to interact with other registered members. Information Collected Automatically Through Service. When you visit, access, or use our Service through a mobile device, we may collect some information about your device such as its operation system, language, device ID, your IP address and log files and other information regarding your device or your use of the Service. If you access the Service through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. Cookies or Other Similar Technologies. We may use Cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use of our Service and its features. Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Service may include, but not limited to, the following items: the pages you visit within the Service; the date and time of your visit to the Service; the amount of time you spend using the Service; the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the Internet; and/or your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit Information You Choose To Post And/or to Publicly Display. You may post your photo, text message, voice clips or other materials on our Service and to publicly display and share them with other users through our Service. These materials posted by you would still be under your control and you still choose whether you post, display or remove such materials. Information Collected by Third Party Analytics Services. We may work with third party analytics services, such as Google Analytics, Flurry Analytics and Firebase a to help us understand how the Service is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Service. For example, we may use Google Analytic and Flurry Analytics, two kinds of web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to collect information about your use of the Service. Google may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Service, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Service will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Service. Information Collected from Third Party Platform. You can uses a third-party service you belong to, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google to create an account and communicate, interact with the public.We may collect certain information you post or store on the third party platform service, in accordance with the privacy policy of that service and the privacy settings that are applicable to your account. How We Use Collected Information. We may use the information we collect while you use our Service to help us better understand how the Service and our products and services are being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, we are able to better design the Service to improve user experience. The purposes on which we use the information we collected also include ,but not limited to, the following: To personalize user experience; To help develop our service. We may use non-personal information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services; We use the information we collect from the Service to provide you personalized content. For example, we may, within the applications of our Service, promote or recommend more relevant apps to you. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages with your consent, and permit you to share your creations through our Service. With your prior approval, we may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices. How Your Information May Be Disclosed Or Shared. We does share your information with third parties in some circumstances as follows: A. Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers . We will disclose your information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers ("Service Providers") who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Service, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf. B. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies . To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (i) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (ii) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (iii) we believe that you have abused the Service by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law. C. Business Transfers; Bankruptcy . In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Service to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity. D. Aggregate Information . We may share information relating to users of the Service with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally. E. Our Affiliates . We may share some or all of your information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. If you opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may permit these entities to use your information for their own marketing purposes. If you would like us to stop providing your information to our affiliates for their own marketing purposes, you may opt-out by emailing us at photogrid@cmcm.com . F. Third Party Marketing Partners . If you opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may, from time to time, share the information you provide to us with selected third party marketing partners that we believe offer products or services that may be of interest to you.If you would like us to stop providing your information to our third party marketing partners, you may opt-out by emailing us at photogrid@cmcm.com . THIRD- PARTY SITES. In general, Our Service may access some of your information from the third-party platforms (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The third-party platforms may also carry advertisements from other companies, which are absolutely out of our control. When you click on links of third parties in our Service, you may leave the our service or our sites and applications. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of these third-party platforms operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an application or a site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party application or websites does not imply endorsement of such third party website by us. Users Under Age 13. The Service is not intended for children under age 13, or for anyone under age 18 or the applicable age of majority without involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information from or about children under the age of 13. SECURITY. We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your information which is impenetrable. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk. INTERNATIONAL USERS. Your information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using our Service you consent to the transfer of your information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your personal Information being transferred or used as described in this policy, please do not use our Service and immediately delete all Service and the related application and materials from your devices. Special Information for California Residents . Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, also known as the "Shine the Light Law," any users of the Service who are California residents are entitled to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal customer information (if any) we shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If applicable, the notice will identify the categories of information that we shared, and the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates with which we shared your information. If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: photogrid@cmcm.com . In your request, please specify that you want a "California Privacy Rights Notice." Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response. In addition, if you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered user, you may request that we remove content or information that you posted on Service or stored on our servers by (i) submitting a request in writing to photogrid@cmcm.com and (ii) clearly identifying the content or information you wish to have removed and providing sufficient information to allow us to locate the content or information to be removed. However, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate content or information if (a) other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content or information; (b) the content or information was posed, stored, or republished by another user; (c) the content or information is anonymized so that the minor cannot be individually identified; (d) the minor does not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how to request removal of such content or information; and (e) the minor has received compensation or other consideration for providing the content. Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of a law enforcement agency to obtain such content or information. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of the Service. Your continued use of our Service after the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies. CONTACTING US. If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us at photogrid@cmcm.com .Cheetah Mobile Inc. Privacy Policy Introduction Cheetah Mobile develops and publishes social games for the web and mobile (the "Service"). In this policy, "Cheetah Mobile" refers to Cheetah Mobile LLC and its Affiliates, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Cheetah Mobile as "We" or "Us". This Privacy Policy describes: The information We collect, how we do so and the purposes of our collectionHow We use and with whom We share such informationHow you can access and update such informationThe choices you can make about how We collect, use and share your informationHow We protect the information We store about you If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our collection and use of information, please contact us as described in the Section "Contact Us". Information We Collect When you use any Cheetah Mobile game, also referred to as an "application" or "app", you get access to its online community within that game and you allow Cheetah Mobile to access certain information from your profile for that application. The information you allow Cheetah Mobile to access varies by application, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish in that application. You can control and find out more about these settings within the application. For example, Cheetah Mobile may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you and your preferences: Your in-game usernameYour device's MAC addressFacebook User IDFacebook Fan StatusYour physical location and that of your access devices By playing a Cheetah Mobile game, you are authorizing Cheetah Mobile to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the application could provide to Cheetah Mobile through the EULA - End User License Agreement - posted on the application portal you downloaded the app from. Your agreement takes place when you "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) one of our applications. Information We Collect from You Directly When you interact with the application, at http://http://www.cmcm.com/, or any Cheetah Mobile-owned website, We may collect and store information from you directly as described below: Registration Information We may allow you to "register" with Us by using Facebook Connect or other Application authentication options to create an account or profile within the Service. We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other Cheetah Mobile users. Your user profile may include: a profile image; one or more game username(s); and a Cheetah Mobile user ID number that is created by Cheetah Mobile and used to identify your profile. Information We Receive or Collect When You Access Cheetah Mobile Games on a Mobile Device If you play Cheetah Mobile games on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including iPads and tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address, and possibly IP Address. In certain games we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Service. Payment Information Cheetah Mobile may also receive the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by another party, such as Facebook (for Facebook Credits), Apple (for purchases on iOS devices), Google (for purchases on Android devices), or Amazon (for purchases on Kindle devices). Customer Support Correspondence When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the Service, and your username or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within. Push Notifications & Local Notifications With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from the Social section within the relevant game. With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from the Social section within the relevant game.Technical and Usage Information When you access our websites or play our games, We collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including MAC Address, IP Address and mobile device ID; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Service. This information is typically collected through the use of server log files or web log files ("Log Files"), mobile device software development kits and tracking technologies like browser cookies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information. Some of the cookies the Service places on your computer are linked to your user ID number(s). For more information on how We utilize cookies and other tracking technologies please review the "Cookies and Automated Information Collection" discussion under ("How We Collect Information about You"). How We Collect Information about You We may collect information about you in any one or more of the following ways: Information about Players and Play To provide a richer game play and social experience, We collect information about your play and interaction with other players. The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of Log Files, which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and websites. Communications Features You may be able to take part in certain activities on our websites or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with Cheetah Mobile, but also with other users of our Service. These include: Participating in player forums and message boardsPosting public comments to other users' profiles or gameboardsSending private messages or invitations to other users, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accountsChat with other usersPosting web links We may record and store archives of these communications on Cheetah Mobile's servers to protect the safety and well being of our users and Cheetah Mobile's rights and property in connection with the service. You acknowledge and consent to the recording and storage of such communications for these purposes. Cookies and Automated Information Collection When you access the Service, We collect certain technical information in order to (i) analyze the usage of our sites and services; (ii) provide a more personalized experience; and (iii) manage advertising. We and service providers acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, use Log Files and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information, including cookies, IP addresses, device type, device identifiers, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games, and other similar information. In some cases, We will associate this information with your user ID number for our internal use.We may also employ other technologies including (i) web beacons, which allow Us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; (ii) tracking pixels, which allow Us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; and (iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help Us to prevent fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit adobe.com and make changes at the privacy settings panel. If you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games, as Cheetah Mobile cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities. Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices are subject to their own policies. Other Sources We may collect or receive information from other sources including (i) other Cheetah Mobile users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (ii) third party information providers. This information will be used to supplement your profile - primarily to help you and your friends connect. It will be combined with other information We collect. How We Use the Information We Collect In general, We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, fun, and customized experience.For example, We may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways: To create your game accounts and allow play of our gamesTo identify and suggest connections with other Cheetah Mobile usersTo enable user-to-user communicationsTo provide technical support and respond to user inquiriesTo prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of ServiceTo deliver and target advertisingTo notify users of in-game updatesTo provide in-game leader boards and promote in-game player achievements To solicit input and feedback to improve Cheetah Mobile products and services and customize your user experienceTo inform users about new products or promotional offersTo engage in commonly accepted practices, such as contacting you at the email address We have on file if you are a potential winner in a sweepstakes One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to Cheetah Mobile, We'll use it to respond to (i) customer support inquiries, and (ii) keep you informed of your in-game activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-game status and requests. Some messages, such as invites for friends to join you in a game, may include your name and profile photo. We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional messages ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with parties other than Cheetah Mobile. Each Promotional Communication will generally offer recipients choices about receiving additional messages. Sharing of Your Information We will share your information (in some cases personal information) with third parties, that is parties other than Cheetah Mobile, in the following circumstances: Third Party Service Providers We will provide your information to third party companies to perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to assist Us in our marketing efforts. We direct all such third party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on Cheetah Mobile's behalf. Advertising of Third Party Products and Services We do not actively share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give Us your consent. We may share (i) aggregated information (information about you and other users collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you); (ii) anonymous information; and (iii) certain technical information (including IP Addresses, MAC Addresses for mobile devices and mobile device IDs) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Service and on the websites of third parties. We may also allow advertisers to collect these types of information within the Service and they may share it with Us. Advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by ensuring that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience). To learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising for participating ad networks, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance.Our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymous or aggregated information are not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy Policy. Offer Walls Cheetah Mobile games or their purchase pages may display an "offer wall" that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by Cheetah Mobile. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Cheetah Mobile or a partnering social network. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your user ID number, will be shared with the offer wall provider.Safety, Security and Compliance with Law Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications (including without limitation chat text, voice communications, IP addresses and your personal information) may be accessed and monitored as necessary to provide the Service and may be disclosed: (i) when We have a good faith belief that We are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); (ii) to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) where We believe that the Service is being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; (iv) when We have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and (v) in order to protect the rights or property of Cheetah Mobile. Sale or Merger In the event that Cheetah Mobile undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, We may transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transition. If material changes to Cheetah Mobile's privacy practices will occur as a result of the business transition, We will notify you and other users (in the manner described in Changes to Our Privacy Policy below) of the business transition prior to transferring your personal information. Our Policies Concerning Children Our websites and games are not intended for children under the age of 13 and We do not knowingly collect any personal information from such children. Children under the age of 13 should not use our websites or games at any time. In the event that We learn that We have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, We will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records. How to Access and Update Your Information Information We Receive From an SNS Where You Play Our Games To manage the information Cheetah Mobile receives about you from an SNS where you play our games, you will need to follow the instructions at that site for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can be found here. The privacy management tools for Google + can be found here. You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your (mobile) device and reviewing the permissions of each application.Once Cheetah Mobile receives your information from an SNS, that information is stored and used by Cheetah Mobile in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you may access and update that information as described below. Game or other accounts created with Cheetah Mobile are considered active until We receive a user request to delete them or deactivate them. If you wish to review or change the information Cheetah Mobile has about you, e-mail Us at the address provided hereinYou can turn off push notifications and local notifications by visiting the "notifications" page within the relevant game.You can stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant game.If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, contact Us at gladiators.help@gmail.com Your Sharing and Messaging Options Information We Receive from Third Party SNS Where You play a Cheetah Mobile Game If you play our games at a third-party SNS, Cheetah Mobile will be able to access and store profile and other information about you as described above. The categories of information you share with Us will depend, in part, on the permissions you grant Us and the privacy settings you have established at the SNS where you access the application. Cheetah Mobile does not offer an "opt out" option for specific fields that are shared by the SNS where you access and play the game(s). Opting Out of Push Communications When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications. You can turn off push notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant game. You may also receive local notifications. You can turn off local notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant game. Privacy Policies of Linked Sites and Advertisers Our websites and games may contain advertisements from companies other than Cheetah Mobile that may link to their own websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.Security of Your Information Cheetah Mobile implements reasonable security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline, and We are committed to the protection of customer information.While We take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our websites and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to log out of your account after use. If your account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized play of your Cheetah Mobile games, so be careful to keep your account information secure. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us at gladiators.help@gmail.com Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although We strive to protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received your information, We have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access. Changes to Our Privacy Policy If We decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on Cheetah Mobile.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address We have on file for you. We may supplement this process by placing notices in our games and on other Cheetah Mobile websites. You should periodically check http://http://www.cmcm.com/ and this privacy page for updates. Your California Privacy Rights We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure, typically by "opting in" to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites. If you do ask Us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes, We will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as We do not share information with any third party (other than our service providers) on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites. Right to Access Users in certain jurisdictions have a right to access personal information held about themselves. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law. Please submit any requests for access to your personal data in writing to gladiators.help@gmail.com Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to gladiators.help@gmail.comVIP FAQ 1. What is VIP? What functions are included? The VIP membership is a value-added service of Clean Master. Its main features are the scheduled cleanup, the scheduled security scan and the removal of all in-app ads. More features will be added in the future. 2. After subscribing to the VIP there are still ads and/or the scheduled cleanup and scheduled security scan don't work. What can I do? (1) Make sure that the Google play account in use is the one you purchased the VIP for and make sure that Google play is working normally. (2) You can try to restart Clean Master. After restarting, Clean Master will recover its VIP status. (3) If the steps above don't fix the issue, please go to【“Me”- Feedback】 and let us know. We will fix the problem asap. 3. How to cancel the subscription? According to Google Play policy, the subscription can be canceled from the subscription menu of the Play Store. Junk Files 1. Give me an overview of Junk Files. Junk Files is where you can delete cached and residual files to free up more storage space. 2. The overview of App reset feature: The "App reset" feature can help you to free up phone space by restoring selected apps to the original installation status. So please proceed carefully to avoid losing data. The entrance of App reset: Tools-Space cleaner-App reset. 3. What is cache? Generally speaking, cache files are made when developers instruct an app to keep a copy of something that was downloaded for temporary usage on hand in the event the user should need it again in the future. Theoretically they are good and speed up iterative operations. However, with mobile devices so strained to begin with, developers can often be a bit overzealous when it comes to designating what qualifies as something worth keeping and what doesn't. Thus the "temporary files" occupy all the available storage and something that was originally intended to improve performance ultimately becomes the cause of malfunction. 4. How can i stop something from being cleaned?How to add apps to ignore list? Long pressing an item in cleaning page and will let you add it to ignore list, meaning it will no longer show up in scans. You can modify the contents of this ignore list at any time from the Settings-Ignore list. 5. I want to keep my old installation files, how can I stop them from being scanned? Go to Settings and look for the "Scan Obsolete apks" option. Turn it off and these old installation files will no longer show up in the scans. 6. OMG I accidentally deleted something I want to keep, how do I recover it? Photo cleaner: The photo which you have been deleted by accidentally can be recover in photo cleaner-recently deleted. We will save your photos for 7days. As for others situation, Clean Master is a powerful tool.Please sure you know what you are deleting in the advanced clean beacuse the file deleted can’t be back. 7. Why did you delete my music/video/maps/etc.? We promise that anything we automatically suggest for deletion is not something that you'd ever want to keep nor will ever impact your device in any way. Anything else such as music, video, offline maps, saved games, etc are all something with many fail-safes that must be manually bypassed. Phone Boost 1. Give me an overview of Phone Boost. Phone Boost is where you can kill other running apps to free up RAM and improve device performance. 2. Why do apps restart again after killing? Without granting root access, the Phone Boost is not 100% effective. Some apps are restarted by system events. These applications cannot be prevented from restarting because of system limitations. For non-rooted users the primary purpose of this function is to kill buggy apps. 3. How can I prevent apps from autostarting? If you have root permission, you can forbid apps from frequently autostarting (CM -> PHONE BOOST -> Autostart Manager, then tap BOOST). If not, you can force stop these apps in System Settings- Apps- RUNNING. This will also prevent apps from autostarting. 4. What is 1 Tap Boost? 1 Tap Boost makes it even more convenient to kill on running applications to clear up memory on the fly. 5. How do I install 1 Tap Boost? From the Phone Boost section tap on the top right of the screen and select Create widget, and follow the instructions on the first page. 6. Ugh, I followed the steps above and it doesn't work. What gives? This is because your launcher database has been corrupted. Please contact us via feedback and we will help solve the problem. 7. I updated and 1 Tap Boost no longer works. Delete the existing 1 Tap Boost and reinstall it via the Phone Boost interface. 8. What is Auto kill? Enabling this feature will automatically kill all apps whenever your screen is off. 9. How can I stop something from being closed or killed?How to add apps to ignore list? For this reason we included ignore lists. To add an app to the ignore list just tap and hold and you may add it to the respective ignore list.You will be able to modify your ignore list by entering the Me section, then going to Settings -> Ignore List and selecting Task. 10. Can I have Clean Master ignore an app just one time? Yes, we have gestures to support this. After Clean Master has scanned your device, you can swipe each listed entry to the right to exclude it from the current clean. Alternatively, you can swipe it to the left to clean it immediately. 11. What is game booster? How to boost my game? Game boost is a feature where Clean Master can manage system resources while you’re playing a game, Clean Master can turn off others app to accelerate the game. While you’re playing a game, ensuring that there is always enough memory available to prevent your game laggy. Making a better playing experience.Please go to the Me-Games-My games-add the games which you prefer. Then click the top arrow game boost,click create a games folder on your homescreen. Notification cleaner 1. What is notification cleaner? This feature is aims to prevent disturb and annoying notifications from showing in notification toggle. Make your phone stay away from trash notifications! You can also selected affected apps. 2. Can I see the notifications which blocked by notification cleaner? I am afraid to miss something I am interested in. Yes, Clean Master will gathering all these blocked notifications on notification toogle, you can click into see the specific notifications or you can click“clean all ”to clear all. 3. How can I use this feature? And how to selected affected apps in notifiacation cleaner feature? You can set in tools, setting, notification cleaner, click gear icon and make the button “on”.Below the button,there some divided apps button. you can choose which apps you wanna muted. Battery saver & CPU cooler 1. Why are background applications consuming power? Even if your device is not being used, some applications may automatically restart and run in the background. These apps may be conducting background operations such as searching for GPS or transmitting data, which may be using a lot of power. 2. How are apps hibernated? We shut down background apps through the accessibility service, which puts them into hibernation and saves you power. 3. What if iswipe menu activates frequently by mistake?How can i change the apps shown on iswipe? Android provides accessibility features and services for helping users navigate their devices more easily. In Battery Saver, we can take advantage of accessibility services to make our applications more useful. When Clean Master is safely enabled in accessibility service it's possible to hibernate background apps to save power. 4. How can I save the most amount of power? Use Battery Saver or 1 tab widget often, especially before locking the screen, going to bed, or putting your phone on standby for a while. 5. Why the temperature can be cool down in CPU cooler feature? CPU cooler feature is to analysis the apps which make phone heating and turn off them running in the background.Then CPU process being cut down to make the phone not overheating like before. 6. What are the common causes of overheating? Often it is due to running multiple intensive apps at once, watching videos and charging the device for a long time. Giving the device a little reset gives it time to cool down. Antivirus 1. Give me an overview of the security feature of Clean Master Clean Master's security feature is a powerful antivirus engine based on our 16 years of security experience, designed to comprehensively protect your device. It is completely free, and we do not offer a paid version. 2. What is the Heuristic Engine? The Heuristic Engine is designed specifically for people who require a high level of security, for example, those using an SD card to store and exchange APK files. Our advanced scanning technology in Heuristic Engine can ensure any malware can be detected regardless of how well hidden it may be, and it works even without a network connection. Please go to CM -> Me -> Settings -> Heuristic Engine and then tap to enable it. 3. What is Safe Browsing? To protect your personal information, Clean Master will display a warning when visiting fraudulent or unsafe sites on the internet. If you want to turn it off, go to "Settings" in the home screen, scroll down to "safe browsing", and then toggle it off. We do not recommend disabling Safe Browsing. AppLock 1. Can you give me an overview of AppLock? Are you wondering how to stop other people , such as your significant other, co-workers or family, from accessing your device? Our AppLock feature is a simple way to secure your apps such as WhatsApp or FB Messenger. After all, we all have some secrets :) AppLock can lock Facebook, SMS, Contacts, Gallery, or any other apps you choose. With AppLock, only you can see the photos you protect. Guarding your privacy is easier than ever! 2. How do I lock my apps?Enter the AppLock main page, choose the apps you want to protect and set a pattern or PIN code for them. Note: Make your code something memorable so you don't forget it! If you want to lock more apps later, please enter the AppLock main page and press the 'lock' icon. 3. What is inturde selfie, how can I enable it? It is a feature in Applock, the photo taken by Clean Master is the intruder selfie photo, if you do not wanna the photo, you can turn off "intruder selfie" via tools-Applock-settings-intruder selfie. If you wanna keep this feature and do not wanna save the photo to your system gallery, you can turn off "Save the photo automatically". 4. How can I change or reset my password? Tap the Forget Password button on the right top corner and follow the on screen guidance. 5. Why the lock didn’t appear after I enable applock? Please check:1. The lock option. Whether you have enable the corresponding lock option?2. Have you enable Clean Master usage access in phone’s setting? This is the permission to using applock. If applock still not appear please tell us via feedback. 6. How do I remove applock? Please try to go to the Tools-Applock-put the password-choose which apps that you want to remove the lock by click the lock pattern. iSwipe 1. What is iSwipe? iSwipe gives you quick access to other apps and tools without having to go back to your homescreen. It's a new feature in Version 5.10.3. 2. How do I use it? First, open up Clean Master and go to Settings -> iSwipe Settings and make sure that it's enabled. When you swipe in the lower corner, your recently used apps will appear. If you swipe again you will see handy tool shortcuts, and a third time will show your favorite apps. Give it a try and see if it improves the way you use your device! 3. What if iswipe menu activates frequently by mistake?How can i change the apps shown on iswipe? Please go to the Tools-iswipe settings and you can modify your preference. You can customize when iswipe appears(triggering method), active area position, and what kind of apps show up(enable iswipe for) inside iswipe. You can change the settings which it’s more suitable for you. 4. How can I disable iSwipe? Go to Tools -> Settings or CM -> Settings -> iSwipe -> iSwipe Settings -> disable iSwipe. If you decide to turn it off, we'd love to hear why. Please head to CM -> Settings -> Feedback and let us know. App Manager 1. Give me an overview of App Manager. App Manager is where you can uninstall or move applications. 2. Why is the size of my app a lot bigger in Clean Master than in the Android system app manager? This is because the system only shows the data stored in system storage. It does not show data that is stored on the SD card. Clean Master is more comprehensive and shows all data related to the application regardless of where it is physically stored. 3. Can I move apps to the SD card? How? Please try to go to the Tools-App manager-tap the app you want to move to sd card-move to sd card. You will be able to find the moving option in the app manager. Some ROMs don’t support a moving feature and some apps can be move to sd card some apps can’t. 4. How to back up apps?and how can I find the my backed up apks? You can try to open Tools-App manager-tap the app you want to back up-back up installation package. As for how to find the apks which you backed up please follow below steps: open device setting, find storage, explorer, find Clean Master back up. 5. What is the difference between preinstalled apps and regular apps? Preinstalled apps (or bloatware) are the apps embedded in your system by either your carrier or manufacturer. If you are rooted, we offer the ability to uninstall these apps. Proceed with extreme caution though as some of these apps may be essential to normal operations. 6. How are the entries normally sorted? By default, the entries are sorted based on their size, how often they are used, and when they were installed. You can tap on each entry to find more information about them. 7. What is Picks and what can it do? This is a new section that shows fun and useful apps based on your interests and favorites. Private browsing 1. What is private browsing? How can I use this feature? Private Browsing can clean your browsing history immediately, keep the browse data spy from others.You can go to the Tools-private browsing-tap the top of right icon-create shortcut or add private bookmarks. 2. Will the private browsing auto clean my history search immediately? Yes, you can go to the Tools-private browsing-tap the top of right icon-settings,then choose how many times it clean browsing time record on exit.(after 1/3/10 minutes). Storage 1. What is App Clean and how do I use it? This is a special type of clean that will erase private data on your device. Please go to CM -> Tools -> Space Cleaner -> App Clean, then tap on the app you want to clean.Please be sure to check which files will be erased before deleting anything. (Special note: Please check the files you will delete carefully! We will let you know if it's safe to delete them.) 2. What can Space Cleaner do? This helps you understand the storage status of your device, clean junk from your apps, tidy up files, manage your big files, uninstall apps, and lots more! TIP: If you delete the files they'll be gone forever, please make sure you don't delete something important by mistake. 3. What can I do about big files? Big files are files on your device that you rarely use but occupy a lot of space. Please go to CM -> Tools -> Space Cleaner -> Big Files, then check which files you'd like to remove. 4. What can I do in Photo Cleaner? Photo Cleaner (CM -> Tools -> Photo Cleaner) can deal with blurry photos, screenshots, and duplicate photos. Please go to CM -> Tools -> Photo Cleaner -> My Photos, then tap the top right corner to find similar photos and decide which ones you'd like to delete. 5. What is the Apk Manager? Do you frequently download large installation files from app markets? Have you ever downloaded this type of file but weren't sure where it was downloaded to? Don't worry, our Apk Manager feature can help you - here you can directly delete all of these files if you no longer need them, or directly install them if you'd lost them before. Give it a try! Permission For Clean Master to function correctly, please grant the necessary permissions as below. 1. Settings > Apps 2. Apps > Clean Master 3. Scroll to find 'Permissions' 4. Enable Storage (for Junk Cleaning feature), Camera (for AppLock feature), and Contacts (for Login feature) permissions 5. why Clean Master need permission of my phone? We need to get this permission to ensure each feature works effectively. You can http://www.cmcm.com/page/cm/permissions-and-usages.html . We promise that we’ll never access your phone without your permission. Lag detection 1. What is lag detection? CM will notify you immediately when apps frequently autostart in the background, helping you find the real cause of your device lag. 2. Why do apps frequently autostart, causing device lag? Most apps will monitor system events (e.g unlocking, changing networks) so that they can start themselves or send push notifications when they’re needed. However, some apps abuse this privilige and will monitor the system constantly, taking up valuable resources. 3. How can I prevent apps from autostarting? If you have root permission, you can forbid apps from frequently autostarting. If not, you can force stop these apps in System Settings-Apps-RUNNING. This will also prevent apps from autostarting. My Cloud 1. How can I back up photos to the cloud? Please tap on the "Me" section and choose "Auto Back up Photos" to enable auto back up of your photos to the cloud. You could also navigate to your cloud then tap "Cloud Gallery"; Tap the menu in the upper right corner then choose "Back Up"; Tick the Enable Now box, and then your photos will be backed up to the cloud. If you want to check the photos in the cloud, tap the "Check" button when the back up completes to enter your personal cloud. To disable the Auto Back Up Photos function, you can tap the settings in the upper right corner when entering the Auto Back Up Photos section. 2. How can I get my photos from the cloud to my device? Tap "Me" in the bottom menu; Choose your cloud then tap "Cloud Gallery"; Tap "Restore" in the upper right corner; Tick the photos you want to restore to your phone; Tap the "RESTORE" button at the bottom then your photos will be restored to the device from the cloud. If you want to look at the photos after they’ve been restored, tap the "CHECK" button when restoration completes to enter your camera gallery. 3. How can I delete photos in the cloud? Tap "Me" in the bottom menu; Choose your cloud then tap "Cloud Gallery"; Tap the menu in the upper right corner then choose "Delete"; Tick the photos you want to delete; Tap the "DELETE" button at the bottom, then your photos will be deleted in the cloud. 4. Security Issues Cloud accounts are a safe and private storage space designed for users to save space by storing their photos on the net instead of on their device. No one can access your cloud as long as you keep your password safe. If you have any ideas for improvements, you’re welcome to share them with us by submitting feedback. Other Problems 1. Why should I use Clean Master? Your Android device will store lots of cached data that you do not use frequently.Clean Master removes this unnecessary content to free up more space and improve performance. Additionally, Clean Master provides many other popular functions like erasing user history, task killing and app management. 2. What are the advantages of rooting your device? About 10% of Clean Master users grant our app root permissions. If we have root access to your device, Clean Master would be able to take its services to the next level and also provide extra functions. Having said that, there is no need to root your device just for Clean Master as we are still able to provide basic services. Rooting your device may void its warranty and there is always a possibility you may brick your device in the process. If you choose to root your device please do so with the utmost caution. 3. When will the next update be available? We typically release a new update about once every two weeks. For exact update times check out our forum, Twitter, Google+ and/or Facebook page. Twitter: @cheetahGlobal Facebook: facebook.com/kscleanmaster Google+: plus.google.com/+Ksmobilecleanmaster 4. Why is Clean Master running in the background? Clean Master needs to run in the background to let the widgets function, clean residual files and other tasks. 5. Why is Clean Master sending packets of data? Many users enable the Send anonymous usage statistics. Enabling this will send anonymous usage statistics to our servers to help us improve the app. 6. What do I do if my question wasn't covered in this FAQ? You can send us a question by going to CM -> Me -> Settings -> Feedback.