Claritas uses third parties to help us advertise to you on other websites. You can opt out of these third party advertising uses by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link. For all other privacy choices, please see our Privacy Policy . Opt-out Of Third Party Advertising Claritas uses third parties to help us advertise to you on other websites. You can opt out of these third party advertising uses by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link. For all other privacy choices, please see our Privacy Policy . search Identify Customers Deliver Campaigns Optimize Performance Oops! That page can’t be found. It looks like nothing was found at this location. Maybe try one of the links below or a search? Search for: © 2023 Claritas, LLC. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy Jump to section Jump to section Wistia, Inc. (“Wistia,” “we,” “us,” “our”) knows that our users (“you,” “your”) create and manage marketing content, video series, and other educational and creative content. Our products permit our customers (“Customers”) to create and distribute videos, audio recordings, and other media (collectively, the “Media”) while also measuring viewer and user engagement with that Media (all such individuals that view and use the Media, the “Users”). We care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the various websites owned and operated by Wistia under the wistia.com domain, including, without limitation, the https://wistia.com/ website (each, a “Website, and collectively, the “Websites”), accessing, listening to, or viewing Media hosted by Wistia and/or accessing or using any other functionalities, features, content, applications or services offered from time to time by Wistia in connection with the Websites or Media (collectively, the “Services”) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your information in the following ways. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of (1) personally identifiable information, as defined by numerous statutes in the United States (such statutes, the “PII Laws”), (2) information protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) amendments, and the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“CalOPPA”), (3) the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), (4) the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CDPA”); (5) the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDP”), and (6) Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”); (7) personal data, as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), (8) the Switzerland Data Protection Act (“DPA”), and (9) the UK General Data Protection Agreement (“UK GDPR”); and (10) personal information,as defined by Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA,” and collectively with the PII Laws, CCPA, CalOPPA, the SHIELD Act, and GDPR, the “Privacy Laws”) (collectively, “Personal Information”), which wegather when you are accessing, viewing or using any of our Websites, Media and/or Services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. For our treatment of the Personal Information of students under the age of 16 (each such student, a “Student,” and collectively, “Students”) collected while providing the Services to public schools, charter schools, private schools, and other entities providing educational or tutoring services (collectively, “Schools” and each individually, “School”) providing such services to Students, please see Section X below and our Schools & Students Privacy Policy Addendum Wistia does not collect Personal Information indiscriminately. We limit the type of Personal Information and the amount of Personal Information to what is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. With that in mind, we collect the following types of information: We may collect Personal Information from you when you visit any of our Websites, register for or subscribe to any Media or Services, contact us with questions or concerns, and/or otherwise interact with the Websites, Media, or Services. For example, when you register for our Services, we may collect your name, phone number, user name, and e-mail address in combination with a password or security question to access the Services, and your payment information. Similarly, you may provide information to your user profile or upload video, audio recordings, images, or other content to a Website. Where Users or Customers provide video, audio recordings, images, or other Personal Information of one or more individuals, we rely on that User or Customer to obtain the explicit consent of those individuals. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, although that may affect the functionality of the Services. Whenever you interact with any of our Websites or Media, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including data related to Media viewing, listening to, or accessing (including when you stop and start Media, how many and which Media of a particular Customer you watched, and how many times you watched, listened to, or accessed particular Media), data related to use of Services, IP address, device, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. An “IP address” is a number assigned to a computer by an Internet service provider “ISP” to access the Internet.In most consumer cases, an IP address is dynamic (changing each time connect to the Internet), not static (unique to a particular user’s computer). “Cookies” are small text files we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser or mobile device and make our website work more efficiently, as well as tell us how and when pages in our Website are visited and used and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or mobile device to send “do not track” signals or to prevent or limit your computer or device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our Website’s features. If you click on a link to a third party website, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties. We may contact you, by email or other means; for example, we may communicate with you about your use of any of the Websites. When we do this, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate your preference by visiting our email preference page. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Websites, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. Wistia may purchase from third parties, like Clearbit, Personal Information about Users who provide their email address or register for the Services, using the Personal Information those Users provide as the basis to obtain further Personal Information. This information may include names, titles, companies, and firmographic information. Wistia may retain YouTube API Services to provide aggregate, statistical information about the access to, views of, and use of Media that Customers post to YouTube. Personal Information generated automatically by your access to, views of, and use of Media may be aggregated and included in that statistical information. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not knowingly collect Special Categories of Personal Information, including (1) Personal Information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and (2) genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, and data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. Where we collect and use such information as a controller (as defined in the GDPR), we will provide you with a form explaining the collection of such Personal Information and requesting your explicit consent. Where we collect and use such information as a processor (as defined in the GDPR), we rely on the controller to obtain your explicit consent. Wistia may collect Sensitive Personal Information, as defined under the CPRA and PIPEDA, in the form of your financial information, messages sent via the Services, and your geographic location. Wistia has collected the following categories of Personal Information in the 12 months immediately preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, listed at the bottom of this document: names; contact information; payment information; IP addresses; geographic location (inferred from IP addresses, as described in Section III below); browser information; device information; information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services; email confirmations; user name or e-mail address in combination with a password that would permit access to the Services; the content of communications; user profile information and submissions; job titles; employers; and firmographic information. Please see the other portions of Section II above for an explanation of the categories of sources from which we collect the information described in the previous sentence. The business purposes of this information are described in Section III below. The categories of third parties we share this information with are described in Section IV. Wistia uses all categories of Personal Information listed above for any and all legal and legitimate businesses purposes, including: To personalize and improve our Services, to administer and improve our Media and Websites;To allow Users to set up their user accounts and profiles;To communicate with Users and fulfill your requests for certain products and services;To understand how Users utilize the Websites; Media, and ServicesTo protect user accounts with user names or e-mail addresses in combination with passwords; To process payments to Wistia; To infer your geographic location; To operate, maintain, develop, and grow Wistia. At times, we may anonymize your Personal Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners.For example, if you have provided your email address or other Personal Information while accessing Media, we may anonymize that Personal Information when providing Media usage information to our partners. When we collect IP addresses, geographic location, browser information, device information, information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services, we may also use such information in two ways. First, we may use such information in aggregate form (including the aggregate statistical information obtained from YouTube API Services), and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate information tells us how often Users use parts of a Website, so that we can make such Website appealing to as many Users as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information (including the aggregate statistical information obtained from YouTube API Services) to our partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Websites, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience. In addition, we may also provide Customers with the information listed above so that they may (i) assess, improve, and develop the Media that they make available through the Websites and Services, and (ii) use their Media to maintain and grow their organizations. Such information may include how many and which Media of a particular Customer was watched by a particular user, from where particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user and how many times particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user. We store and process all electronic Personal Information that we collect in the United States. We share your Personal Information with third parties as described below. As mentioned above, we may provide Customers with certain identifiable usage information directly related to the Media that such Customers make available through the Websites and Services. Such information may include IP addresses, geographic location, browser information, device information, and information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services (such as how many and which Media of a particular Customer was watched by a particular user, from where particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user and how many times particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user). We may also share names, contact information, geographic location, the content of communications, user profile information and submissions, job titles, employers, and firmographic information which Customers may use to market or further develop their organizations. In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through a website (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to enter into such transaction or to receive such service, please review the applicable third party websites’ policies. We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your Personal Information with them to provide products or services to you, for example, processing credit card payments. Unless we tell you differently, our agents and service providers do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We acknowledge our potential liability if our agents misuse your Personal Information. Some Customers post Media to YouTube. If you use, view, listen to, or otherwise access such Media on YouTube, YouTube will have access to Personal Information you generate by using, viewing, listening, or accessing that Media, which is then used by YouTube API Services to generate the aggregated statistical information Wistia collects from YouTube API Services, as described in Section II.D of this Privacy Policy. YouTube’s use of Personal Information is governed by the Google Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy . Certain user profile information, including, without limitation, a user’s name, location, and any video, audio recordings, images or other content that such user has uploaded to a Website, may be displayed to other Users to facilitate user interaction within such Website or to address your request for Wistia’s services. Your account privacy settings allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others.Any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, forums, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by others. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload video, audio recordings, images, or other content through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments. If and to the extent that Wistia transfers Personal Information from another country into the United States, Wistia does so in compliance with the Privacy Laws of the originating country. We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, Personal Information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party. Wistia will disclose any Personal Information that Wistia reasonably believes is necessary or appropriate to comply with law or court order, enforce or apply Wistia’s Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Wistia, our employees, our customers, our users, the public, or others. This includes disclosing Personal Information to third parties for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Except as set forth above, we will obtain your consent before disclosing your Personal Information to a third party. The CCPA (as amended by the CPRA) defines the sale of Personal Information very broadly. In the traditional sense, Wistia does not sell Personal Information, however we disclose certain Personal Information to our Customers as part of the Services and the hosting of Media we provide to them. As part of our commercial relationships with our Customers, Wistia has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to Customers in the 12 months immediately preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, listed at the bottom of this document: names; contact information; IP addresses; geographic location; browser information; device information; information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services; the content of communications; user profile information and submissions; job titles; employers; and firmographic information. In the 12 months immediately preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, listed at the bottom of this document, Wistia has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to third parties that provide business and operational services to us: names; contact information; payment card information; geographic location; IP addresses; browser information; device information; information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services; email confirmations; user name or e-mail address in combination with a password that would permit access to the Services; the content of communications; user profile information and submissions; job titles; employers; and firmographic information. As relevant, Wistia collects and uses your Personal Information (1) pursuant to your informed consent, which you have granted by confirming the prompts produced by the Websites and by continuing to use the Websites, Media, and Services, consistent with the Privacy Policy and Wistia’s terms of use, (2) in order to pursue Wistia’s legitimate business interests in hosting the Media, providing the Services, and maintaining the Websites, and/or (3) in order to perform a contract to which you are a party. Any one or more of the bases in the previous sentence are the legal basis for Wistia’s collection and use of your Personal Information, depending on how your use of the Websites, Media, and Services, and your relationship with Wistia. Where individuals appear in Media, Wistia relies on the Media creators to obtain the necessary legal basis for the collection and use of those individuals’ Personal Information. Except upon the request of an individual, as explained in Section VII below, and except as the law permits and requires, Wistia maintains Personal Information as follows: A. Logs of unknown users of the Websites are retained for 30 days before deletion. B. Logs of known users of the Websites are retained while Wistia has reason to believe that particular user may return to use the Websites. C. Emails submitted and used for marketing are retained while Wistia pursues relevant marketing efforts. D. Media is hosted and stored for the life of the relevant Customer account, plus up to three years.Other than as listed above, we will determine the retention period for Personal Information based on the following criteria: The nature of our relationship with the relevant Customer;The existence of other ongoing or expected projects with the relevant Customer;The nature of the Personal Information in question; andOur business needs. Except where permitted or required by Privacy Laws, you have the following rights regarding Wistia’s collection and use of your Personal Information. You may request the following from Wistia with respect to your Personal Information: The correction and updating of your Personal Information;The restriction and deletion of select portions of your Personal Information or all Personal Information;The categories of Personal Information Wistia has collected about you; The categories of sources from which Wistia has collected your Personal Information;The expected period for which the Personal Information will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine the retention period; The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, sharing, and disclosing your Personal Information; An account of how Wistia has used or is using your Personal Information; A copy of your Personal Information retained by Wistia, to be delivered in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format to review or to transfer or transmit to another entity without hindrance, to the extent that that is technically feasible; The categories of third parties with whom Wistia shares your Personal Information; The categories of your Personal Information that we have shared with third parties, including customers, and the categories of third parties to which we have shared each particular category of Personal Information; The Personal Information Wistia collects, uses, discloses, and sells;A list of all third parties that have received your Personal Information from Wistia; and The specific pieces of Personal Information Wistia has collected about you. If you request that your Personal Information be erased or deleted or that Wistia otherwise restrict its collection and use of Personal Information, Wistia may not being to avoid terminating or limiting your access to the Websites, Media, and Services. If Wistia has not collected or used your Personal Information, or has not disclosed your Personal Information to another party, Wistia will inform you of that in response to any of the above requests. Some information may remain in Wistia’s backup media after erasure or deletion for a period of time. When you request that Wistia update information, Wistia may retain a copy of the unrevised information in Wistia’s records. Wistia also may use any anonymized aggregated statistical data derived from or incorporating Personal Information after it is updated, erased, or deleted, but not in a manner that would identify you. We will confirm receipt of all such Personal Information requests and provide information about how Wistia will process the request within 10 days of receipt. We will substantively respond to all such requests within 30 days, subject to lawful extension of that period, and there may be a delay in processing a request while we verify that the request is valid and originates from you as opposed to an unauthorized third party. Our verification process varies based on the source and nature of the request, but may include: comparing data in the request against Personal Information we retain; contacting you using other contact information; requesting further information, although we will avoid doing so to the extent possible; and the consideration of certain factors, including the type, sensitivity, and value of your Personal Information, the risk of harm to you posed by an unauthorized request, the likelihood that fraudulent or malicious actors would seek your Personal Information, the manner in which we interact with you, the available technology, and whether the information you have provided to verify your identity is sufficiently robust to protect against fraudulent requests. To the extent permitted by the Privacy Laws, Wistia retains the right to deny any request if we cannot verify that it originated from you. Wistia retains records of all of the above requests and our responses for 24 months, unless otherwise prohibited by the Privacy Laws. With regard to the right to be forgotten online, Wistia will take reasonable steps to inform our Third Parties of your request. In order to make any of the requests above, or by contacting us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 All other of the above requests may be made by contacting us at the following link: Or by sending requests to: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA When you update information, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.Please note that some information may remain in our private records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. If you create and log into a Wistia account using a username or email and password combination, you can revoke Wistia’s access to the information Wistia obtains from YouTube API Services that is derived from your use of the Services and access to Media. You may exercise this right at the Google security settings page, https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions . You may withdraw your consent at any time by visiting our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contacting us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 Please be aware that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of Wistia’s use of your Personal Information before such withdrawal. If your consent is withdrawn, Wistia may not being to avoid terminating or limiting your access to the Websites, Media, and Services. Wistia does not sell Personal Information as the CCPA (as amended under the CPRA) defines “sell,” but your Personal Information is shared as described in Section IV above. You may opt out of Wistia’s disclosure and sharing of your Personal Information to Customers and other Third Parties by visiting our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contacting us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 We will act upon any request to opt out of all sales of your Personal Information within 15 days of receiving your request. We will notify all Customers to whom we have disclosed your Personal Information of your request within 90 days of receiving your request and will inform you when we have done so. If you exercise your right to opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Information to Customers, Wistia will cease disclosing your Personal Information to Customers as of the date Wistia receives the form at the link above. Wistia will not contact you about opting in to disclosing your Personal Information for at least 12 months following receipt of the form. Please see Section VIII for an explanation how opting out of the disclosure of your Personal Information to Customers may affect service differences offered by Wistia. As described in Section II, we do not knowingly collect Sensitive Personal Information under any of the Privacy Laws, with the exception of messages sent via the Services, your geographic location, and certain financial information that may be collected during the payment process. You may contact Wistia to request that Wistia limits its use of this Sensitive Personal Information at any time. Doing so may impact certain functions of the Services, including your ability to have ongoing subscriptions with us, allowing other Users to read your messages, and functions that are geographically-based. To request that Wistia limit its use of your Sensitive Personal Information, please visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or contact us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 We will act upon any request to limit your Sensitive Personal Information within 15 days of receiving your request. You may authorize an agent to take any of the acts permitted in this Section VII on your behalf. To do so, you must provide written and signed authority to the agent, and written and signed notice to Wistia that Wistia may act on such requests by that agent. Wistia does not collect, process, use, disclose, share, or sell Personal Information from the Media created and distributed by our Customers, e.g. , images, voice recordings, etc. If you have any questions regarding the Personal Information contained in particular Media, please contact the party that created or distributed that Media. You may object to, or otherwise challenge, Wistia’s collection and use of your Personal Information by visiting our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contacting us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 Wistia will respond within 30 days. Where such objection is received from an individual whose Personal Information Wistia collects and uses as the processor for a controller (as those terms are defined in the GDPR), Wistia will inform the controller of the objection within 30 days.Regulatory authorities that oversee the Privacy Laws typically advise individuals to file an objection or challenge with the company before lodging a formal complaint with a regulatory authority. Please contact us as outlined in the Contact Information section of this Privacy Policy. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss and solve your complaint. If you are dissatisfied with Wistia’s response or you wish to file a complaint with a regulatory authority first, please contact the appropriate agency below: PII Laws: the relevant states’ Attorney General’s office.GDPR: the supervisory authority in your European Union member state; If you are unable to review this Privacy Policy or any portion of this Policy, please use the following information to contact us and request an alternative format. Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contact us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 Wistia will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of the rights above or any other rights you retain pursuant to Privacy Laws, including, but not limited to by: Denying goods or services to you;Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; andSuggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Consistent with Privacy Laws, Wistia: (i) retains the right to charge you a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to Wistia by your Personal Information; (ii) may offer financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for the collection, disclosure, or deletion of your Personal Information; (iii) may enter you into a financial incentive program only if Wistia clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, so long as you give Wistia prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time; and (iv) shall not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature. Please see Section VIII for an explanation of Wistia’s service differences. Wistia does not offer any financial incentives for providing your Personal Information. However, there are some service differences when users create an account and provide the necessary Personal Information to do so. Although much Media and parts of the Services may be used and accessed without providing your Personal Information, other Media, portions of Media, and parts of the Services require users to create and log in to a Wistia account. In doing so, you will provide us with a user name or e-mail address and a password. In return we will permit access to Media and Services that are not viewable or accessible to anonymous users. By creating and logging into an account, you will provide your name and contact information, in addition to your username or email and password combination. Per the terms of this Privacy Policy, you will also permit Wistia to automatically collect, use, and share IP addresses, browser information, device information, and information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services. Wistia will also collect, use, and share any information you voluntarily provide in your communications to us, your user profile, and other user-generated submissions and content, consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Consistent with the CCPA, this service difference represents Wistia’s good-faith calculation of how one individual’s Personal Information increases the value of the data we provide to Customers, on average. We calculate this value in conjunction with Customers by comparing the utility of the data collected anonymously against the utility of the Personal Information collected from identified users. Once you have opted in to this incentive program by creating an account, you may opt- out of this incentive program at any time by deleting your account and/or contacting us: Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contact us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 In light of the value Wistia derives from your Personal Information, if, after creating a Wistia account, you exercise your right to request that Wistia delete your Personal Information or to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information, you will not be able to access some Media and parts of the Services, as described above, because we will not be able to provide that Personal Information to our Customers.However, other requests to exercise your data privacy rights that do not affect Wistia’s ability to provide data to our Customers will not affect such access. We employ appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical measures to protect your Personal Information, which we regularly review and update as necessary. Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. The Websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy. Except when providing the Services to Schools that provide educational and tutoring services to Students, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services. For further information regarding our treatment of Personal Information of Students collected while providing the Services to please see our Schools & Students Privacy Policy Addendum . Otherwise, if you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any Personal Information to us or through the Services except when doing so as part of receiving educational or tutoring services from a School. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without the involvement of a School or without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible, except as provided below. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 16 who did not provide such information through a School’s use of the Services, please contact us: Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contact us at: Attention: Data Protection Office. Wistia, Inc. 120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 Except for Students’ Personal Information obtained while providing the Services to a School, upon request, we will provide a parent or guardian who has provided proper identification with the following: (1) a description of the specific types of Personal Information collected from the child, (2) the opportunity to refuse or permit Wistia’s further collection and use of Personal Information from the child, and (3) a reasonable means for the parent or guardian to obtain any Personal Information collected from the child. If a parent or guardian does not permit Wistia’s continued collection and use of a child’s Personal Information, Wistia will delete the child’s Personal Information and terminate the account of the child, as applicable. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy or in contractual documents, Wistia’s collection and use of Personal Information is not a contractual or statutory requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features. Wistia does not rely on automated decision making, including profiling, and will not subject you to decisions based solely on automated processing which will produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affecting you. We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website or the Services after such changes have been first posted. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please contact our data protection officer by sending detailed message to privacy@wistia.com . Alternatively, you may contact us by postal service as follows. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at https://wistia.com/data-request or by contact us at: Attention: Data Protection Office Wistia, Inc.120 Brookline Street Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA (888) 494–7842 Effective Date: Your complete video marketing platform Follow us on social media: FacebookTwitterLinkedInInstagram ©2001–2023 All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms .Privacy for Showcasing Work Use Private Pens as Drafts Pens are public by default on CodePen, and all public Pens are indexed for public search, findable on your profile, and open source licensed. Private Pens are none of those things. No one can see them unless you decide to share them. They aren’t shown in search, either through CodePen search or outside search engines. They can’t be seen on your profile. No license is applied to them. One way to use Private Pens is to keep all your Pens private while you are working on them, then toggle them over to Public when you are ready. Any Pen can be PrivateAny Project can be PrivateAny Collection can be Private No Annoying Passwords Nobody can guess a URL like the URLs to your private work on CodePen. They are totally unfindable until you share that URL. That’s pretty handy because anybody who you share that URL with can see it. They don’t have to be logged in, have a password, or even have an account. Private Collections Send Private Collections to Clients One popular reason to make Private Pens on CodePen is for in-progress concepts for client work. You can make Private Collections on CodePen, and you can put Private Pens in Private Collections. We’ve had lots of people tell us this is perfect for working with clients. You send them a link to the Private Collection and they can see everything related to a project in one place. How Private is Private? This is how private content works on CodePen: Private content gets an unguessable URL. Seriously. The URL’s are so long and so obscure that even a computer can’t guess them. Private content is not findable through public CodePen search. While logged in, you can still search your own content to find your own private content, however. We tell third-party search engines not to index private content. We use every method they share for telling search engines like Google and Yahoo to not index private content. They shouldn’t be able to find links to your private content anyway, but this is just in case you share it and these search engines find those shared links. Private content is not findable on CodePen except by you on your your own profile while logged in. Nobody else can browse around CodePen and find anything private that you’d made. Not on your profile or anywhere else. What privacy isn’t on CodePen: There are no passwords involved.There is no user authentication involved. This isn’t enterprise-level mega-encrypted super-security. It’s very secret URL’s for your content that are unfindable until you choose to share them. Simple and effective! Privacy for Teams Team Members Can Work Together Privately People who are on the same Team can work on private content together. As long as you are logged in and in the Team Context, you can see all the Team’s private content right on the Team Profile. For example, Rachel could start a Private Pen. Tim could update it. Alex could add a title and explanation. Marie could add it to a Private Collection. In the Team Context, everybody has access to all the Team content, private or otherwise. Choose a Plan What do you get for being PRO? A lot! Free Annual Starter Annual Developer Annual Super /month Forever /month Billed at $96/year. saving $48 12 /month Billed at $144/year. saving $84 26 /month Billed at $312/year. saving $156 Unlimited public Pens and CollectionsUnlimited templatesEverything in FreeAsset hosting 2 GB total storage 5 MB per file 10 Projects 50 files/Project deployed 2 person Collab Mode 10 person Professor Mode (Pens only) Unlimited Private Pens, Collections, and Projects.Unlimited embed themes with custom CSSNo adsNo-Login Pen Debug ViewLive ViewEverything in StarterAsset hosting 10 GB total storage 10 MB per file 25 Projects 150 files/Project deployed 6 person Collab Mode 35 person Professor Mode (Pens only) Use your own domain for ProjectsEverything in DeveloperAsset hosting 20 GB total storage 15 MB per file 50 Projects 300 files/Project 20 deployed 10 person Collab Mode 100 person Professor Mode (Pens only) CodePen For Social Community CodePen Home CodePen Home ©2023 CodePen Demo or it didn't happen. We're all for progressive enhancement, but CodePen is a bit unique in that it's all about writing and showing front end code, including JavaScript. It's required to use most of the features of CodePen. Need to know how to enable it? Go here. Close this, use anyway.Cookiebot Privacy Policy Share www.cookiebot.com Last update: March 28, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information. I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the Usercentrics A/SHavnegade 391058 CopenhagenDenmarkPhone: + 45 50 333 777Email: mail@usercentrics.com Company registration number DK34624607 You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to privacy@cookiebot.com . II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA 1. Scope of processingIn principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basisThe processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1. 3. Storage and deletion of your dataIn principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract. 3.1. Data Retention PolicyDue to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account. Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. 3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations. 3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy. III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES 1. Scope of data processing Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs); 1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); 1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers; 1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert. 2. Data processed 2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g.this is information like – Information about the type and version of your internet browser, – The operating system of your computer or smartphone, – Your internet service provider, – Your IP address, – Date and time of your access, – Geographic location, – Websites from which you came to us, – Websites that you visit from our site; We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. 2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan. IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS 1. Description and scope of data processing On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored. Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored. In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise. 2. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). 3. Purpose of the data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. 4. Duration of storage If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. 5. Revoking consent and removal possibility You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case. V. NEWSLETTER When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time. You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter. Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters. VI. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS 1. Scope of data processing You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics.Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours; 1.2 To identify you as a contracting party; 1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com; 1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested); 1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions; 1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you; 1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or 1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.] If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”. 2. Data processed If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed: “Account Data” When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details. “Configuration Data” We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”). “System Generated Data” The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.: In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager. In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, please note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.The UTM parameters allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are: Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website. Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels. Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately. Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better. Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video. The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 12.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers. Aggregated statistical data on End User consents. 3. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. 4. Purpose of the data processing Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. 5. Opposition and removal possibility You always have the option to cancel your account.You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion. VII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/ for information on the cookies we use. VIII. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA. The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law. Your rights under California Privacy Law Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”) You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including: The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by lawRight To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”) You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page. Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right. Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@cookiebot.com . We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements. Response Timing and Format Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request. Children Under the Age of 16 Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16. IX. MINORS Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information.If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com . X. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services. The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites. As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object. We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences: Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller). Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland). Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum). Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum Privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Google my business We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”). We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy: We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts. If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to. We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website. XI. THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites. XII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES 12.1 Recipients of Data Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data. In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us. In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand. If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so. If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection. 12.2 Data Transfer to third Countries As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art.45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations. If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. 12.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland Data hosting for CMPAdvertisingWeb analytics service Consent dataMSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth, Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time for visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland Facebook Pixel – Web analytics service FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) – Web analytics service Device info, IP address, ReferrerURL, Timestamp, Browser info In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Youtube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland Web analytics service Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark Bookkeeping and accounting system Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, AddressOther applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Support system for better communication with you Email address, Any other information provided Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, GermanyData may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,80636 Munich,Germany Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders. Account data, Contact information In the USA (San Francisco, CA)For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142USA CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)Geolocation to show the right cookie banner IP addresses on the end user. Database in the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. bGDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider) IP addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times Database in the European Union GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit.b Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America Monitoring service for cloud applications IP address In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Analytics service IP address,Geographical location In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,Rosenheimer Str. 143C81671 Munich, Germany Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email Emails EU and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Webchat service/chat function on our website All information we receive in the chat function + type of account In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg Payment provider PayPal information, Payment data,Order number, Credit Card information,Credit check and statistical data if applicable,Address data if applicable Worldwide GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b QuickPay (Nets), ApSP. O. Pedersens Vej 28200 Aarhus NDenmark Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4DK-6200 AabenraaDENMARK Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b XIII. YOUR RIGHTS If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us: Right to information (Article 15 GDPR) Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR) Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR) Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order. Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR) Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR). In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “ Name of the person responsible “. You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency. XIV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner. Find out more information in our Data Processing Agreement . XV. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services and our Data Processing Agreement . XVI. UPDATES We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 28, 2023. Click here to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 27, 2023. Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE US Dollars - $ Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Get the Cookiebot WordPress PluginReddit Privacy Policy At Reddit, we believe that privacy is a right. We want to empower our users to be the masters of their identity. In this privacy policy, we want to help you understand how and why Reddit, Inc. ("Reddit,” "we” or "us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our sites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a communication from us. We collect minimal information that can be used to identify you by default. If you want to just browse, you don't need an account. If you want to create an account to participate in a subreddit, we don't require you to give us your real name. We don't automatically track your precise location. You can share as much or as little about yourself as you want. You can create multiple accounts, update information as you see fit, or ask us to delete your information. Any data we collect is used primarily to provide our services, which are focused on allowing people to come together and form communities, the vast majority of which are public. If you have questions about how we use your data, you can always ask us for more information. What Information We Collect Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services. This includes: Account information You don't need an account to use Reddit. If you create a Reddit account, your account will have a username, which you provide or which was automatically generated. Your username is public, and it doesn't have to be related to your real name. You may need to provide a password, depending on whether you register using an email address, using a Single Sign-On (SSO) feature (such as Apple or Google), or phone number. If your account does not have a password, we may send you an email or SMS for verification purposes. When you use Reddit, you may provide other optional information. We may ask you to select interests (e.g. history, nature, sports) to help create a home feed for you or to select communities (e.g. r/technology) to join. You may also provide other information, such as a bio, gender, age, location, or profile picture. This information is optional and may be removed at any time. We also store your user account preferences and settings. We may ask for such information prior to you creating a username or account to help improve your experience exploring Reddit. Content you submit We collect the content you submit to the Services. This includes your posts and comments including saved drafts, audio and videos you broadcast, your messages with other users (e.g., private messages, chats, and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and with us. Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, audio, and videos. Actions you take We collect information about the actions you take when using the Services. This includes your interactions with content, like voting, saving, hiding, and reporting. It also includes your interactions with other users, such as following, friending, and blocking. We collect your interactions with communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status. Transactional information If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Premium or Reddit Coins), we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, phone number, and information about the product or service you are purchasing. Reddit may collect public blockchain addresses, such as when you purchase an NFT or when a Reddit Vault is created. Reddit uses industry-standard payment processor services (for example, Stripe) to handle payment information and does not store Reddit Vault private key information. Other information You may choose to provide other information to us. For example, we may collect information when you fill out a form, participate in Reddit-sponsored programs, activities or promotions, apply for a job, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. Information We Collect Automatically When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you. This includes: Log and usage data We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), device settings, mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and search terms.Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days. Information collected from cookies and similar technologies We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar technologies. We use this information to deliver and maintain our services and our site, improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and advertisements, measure the effectiveness of advertising, and improve the quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred language and other settings. See our Cookie Notice for more information about how Reddit uses cookies. For more information on how you can disable cookies, please see "Your Choices” below. Location information We may receive and process information about your location. We may receive location information from you when you choose to share such information on our Services, including by associating your content with a location, or we may derive an approximate location based on your IP address. Information Collected from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and combine it with data you have provided to Reddit, using a common account identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you by visiting the Safety & Privacy section of the User Settings menu in your account, as described in the section titled "Your Rights and Choices” below. Linked services If you authorize or link a third-party service (e.g., an unofficial mobile app client) to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about your use of that service when it uses that authorization. Linking services may also cause the other service to send us information about your account with that service. For example, if you sign in to Reddit with a third-party identity provider, that provider may share an email address with us. To learn how information is shared with linked services, see "How Information About You Is Shared” below. Information collected from integrations We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services, including our embeds and advertising technology. For example, when you visit a site that uses Reddit embeds , we may receive information about the web page you visited. Similarly, if an advertiser incorporates Reddit's ad technology, Reddit may receive limited information about your activity on the advertiser's site or app, such as whether you bought something from the advertiser. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you as described in "Your Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below. Information Collected by Third Parties Embedded content Reddit displays some linked content in-line on the Reddit services via "embeds.” For example, Reddit posts that link to YouTube or Twitter may load the linked video or tweet within Reddit directly from those services to your device so you don't have to leave Reddit to see it. In general, Reddit does not control how third-party services collect data when they serve you their content directly via these embeds. As a result, embedded content is not covered by this privacy policy but by the policies of the service from which the content is embedded. Audience measurement We partner with service providers that perform audience measurement to learn demographic information about the population that uses Reddit. To provide this demographic information, these companies collect cookie information to recognize your device. Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers If you use Reddit Ads (Reddit's self-serve ads platform at ads.reddit.com) we collect some additional information. To sign up for Reddit Ads, you must provide your name, email address, and information about your company. If you purchase advertising services, you will need to provide transactional information as described above, and we may also require additional documentation to verify your identity.When using Reddit Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service, troubleshooting, and usability research purposes. How We Use Information We use information about you to: Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;Personalize services, content, and features that match your activities, preferences, and settings.Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit User Agreement and our other policies;Provide, optimize, target, and measure the effectiveness of ads shown on our Services; Research and develop new services;Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices, and other support and administrative messages;Provide customer service;Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see "Your Choices” below); andMonitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services. How We Share Information Much of the information on the Services is public and accessible to everyone, even without an account. By using the Services, you are directing us to share this information publicly and freely. When you submit content (including a post, comment, or chat message) to a public part of the Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the content. Reddit allows other sites to embed public Reddit content via our embed tools. Reddit also allows third parties to access public Reddit content via the Reddit API and other similar technologies. Although some parts of the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public (e.g., at the moderator's option in the case of private communities) and you should take that into consideration before posting to the Services. Your Reddit account has a profile page that is public. Your profile contains information about your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma, awards received, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Premium status, and how long you have been a member of the Services. You can also choose for your profile to include the content you upvote and downvote. We offer social sharing features that let you share content or actions you take on our Services with other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g., Tumblr , Facebook , and Twitter ). We do not sell your personal information. However, in addition to the personal information that is displayed publicly as described above, we may share personal information in the following ways: . With your consent. We may share information about you with your consent or at your direction. With linked services. If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service, Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service. You can control this sharing as described in "Your Rights and Choices" below. With our service providers. We may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us. Their use of personal data will be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures. A few examples: (i) payment processors who process transactions on our behalf, (ii) cloud providers who host our data and our services, (iii) third-party ads measurement providers who help us and advertisers measure the performance of ads shown on our Services. To comply with the law. We may share information in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request. Our Transparency Report has additional information about how we respond to government requests. In an emergency. We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person. To enforce our policies and rights.We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our User Agreement , rules , or other Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others. With our affiliates. We may share information between and among Reddit, and any of our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership. Aggregated or de-identified information. We may share information about you that has been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For example, we may show the total number of times a post has been upvoted without identifying who the visitors were, or we may tell an advertiser how many people saw their ad. How We Protect Your Information We take measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For example, we use HTTPS while information is being transmitted. We also enforce technical and administrative access controls to limit which of our employees have access to nonpublic personal information. You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring two-factor authentication . We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. Your Rights and Choices You have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and sharing of information about you when you use the Services. Depending on where you live, you may also have the right to request access to or ability to port, deletion/erasure of, or correction/rectification of, your personal information, to opt out of certain advertising practices, or to withdraw consent for processing where you have previously provided consent. Below we explain how to exercise each of these rights. Reddit does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws. Accessing and Changing Your Information You can access your information and change or correct certain information through the Services. See our Help Center page for more information. You can also request a copy of the personal information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described here . Deleting Your Account You may delete your account information at any time from the user preferences page. You can also submit a request to delete the personal information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described below this table. When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account. Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content. After you submit a request to delete your account, it may take up to 90 days for our purge script to complete deletion. We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Controlling Linked Services' Access to Your Account You can review the services you have permitted to access your account and revoke access to individual services by visiting your account's Apps page (for third-party app authorizations) and the Connected Accounts section of your Account Settings (for Google Sign-In, Sign in with Apple, and connected Twitter accounts). Opt Out of Targeted Advertising You may opt out of us using information we collect from third parties, including advertising partners, to personalize the ads you see on Reddit. To do so, visit the Safety & Privacy section of the User Settings in your account here , if using desktop, and in your Account Settings if using the Reddit mobile app. Controlling the Use of Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. For more information on controlling how cookies and similar technologies are used on Reddit, see our Cookie Notice . Controlling Advertising and Analytics Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies and how you can opt out.For example, you may manage the use and collection of certain information by Google Analytics via the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . You can opt out of the Audience Measurement services provided by Nielsen and Quantcast . You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the sites of the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative , or if you are a user in the European Economic Area, Your Online Choices . Do Not Track Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the sites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. However, there is no accepted standard for how a site should respond to this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal. Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of information about you. Controlling Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by updating your email options in your account preferences here . If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Services. Controlling Mobile Notifications With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. Controlling Location Information You can control how we use location information inferred from your IP address for content recommendation purposes via the Safety and Privacy settings on your account. If you have questions or are not able to submit a request to exercise your rights using the mechanisms above, you may also email us at to redditdatarequests@reddit.com from the email address that you have verified with your Reddit account, or submit them here . Before we process a request from you about your personal information, we need to verify the request via your access to your Reddit account or to a verified email address associated with your Reddit account. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at redditdatarequests@reddit.com . Additional Information for EEA Users Users in the European Economic Area have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent. These rights can be exercised as described in the "Your Rights and Choices section above. EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local supervisory authority. As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA only where we have a legal basis for doing so. Our legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. We process your information on the following legal bases: You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose; We need to process the information to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services; It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development, personalizing the Services, and marketing and promoting the Services; or We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations. International Data Transfers Reddit, Inc. is based in the United States and we process and store information on servers located in the United States. We may store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the U.S.and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law. When we transfer the personal data of users in the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland, we rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission for such transfers or other transfer mechanisms deemed ‘adequate' under applicable laws. Additional Information for California Users The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA”), as amended, requires us to provide California residents with some additional information, which we address in this section. In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information from California residents, depending on the Services used: Identifiers, like your Reddit username, email address, IP address, and cookie information. Commercial information, including information about transactions you undertake with us. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your activity on our Services and limited information about your activity on the services of advertisers who use our advertising technology. Geolocation information based on your IP address, or more specific location information if you authorize your device to provide it to us. Your messages with other users (e.g., private messages, chats, and modmail). Audiovisual information in pictures, audio, or video content submitted to Reddit. Professional or employment-related information or demographic information, but only if you explicitly provide it to us, such as by applying for a job or filling out a survey. Inferences we make based on other collected data, for purposes such as recommending content, advertising, and analytics. You can find more information about (a) what we collect and sources of that information in the "Information We Collect” section of this notice, (b) the business and commercial purposes for collecting that information in the "How We Use Your Information” section, and (c) the categories of third parties with whom we share that information in the "How We Share Information” section. If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights. Reddit does not "sell” or "share” personal information as those terms are defined under the CCPA. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information except to provide you the Services or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. You may exercise your rights to access, delete, or correct your personal information as described in the "Your Rights and Choices” section of this notice. When you make a request, we will verify your identity by asking you to sign into your account or if necessary by requesting additional information from you. You may also make a rights request using an authorized agent. If you submit a rights request from an authorized agent who does not provide a valid power of attorney, we may ask the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request to exercise rights on your behalf. In the absence of a valid power of attorney, we may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or confirm to us that you otherwise provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. If you have any questions or concerns, you may reach us using the methods described under Your Rights and Choices or by emailing us at redditdatarequests@reddit.com . Children Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian. Changes to This Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through our Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.By continuing to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised policy. Contact Us If you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Reddit, Inc. 548 Market St. #16093 San Francisco, California 94104 For email inquiries, please contact us here . Or at: Reddit Ireland Limited Attn: Reddit EU Data Inquiries Georges Quay Plaza, Floor 2 - 101, Dublin D02 F856 IrelandPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguageTwilio Privacy Notice Last Updated: August 1, 2023 (View the prior version of our privacy notice here or the prior Authy privacy notice here and prior Frontline privacy notice here Privacy is Twilio’s code: Twilio has built our global privacy program based on our Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data. No matter where you are in the world, where you reside, where your citizenship lies, or where your data comes from, we offer the same high standards of privacy protection to all our customers. More specifically, “No Shenanigans” is one of our company values, and we intend to exemplify that with our Privacy Notice, which we hope will provide clear, detailed, and easy-to-read information about Twilio's privacy practices and how we process personal data. In addition, we provide in-time and in-context information about how you can control the data you collect and retain in our API documentation . Because we offer many different products — and our customers can configure them in many different ways — we provide privacy-specific information in our documentation to enable our customers to make choices when using our products. Please check the documentation for the product you’re using to learn more about the data elements it collects and how you can make decisions about that information. When we refer to Twilio, we mean the Twilio entity with which you have contracted. For ease of reference throughout this Privacy Notice, “Twilio” also refers to the companies that are members of the Twilio Group (the “Twilio Group Members”) listed in our Binding Corporate Rules . If there are any capitalized terms in this Privacy Notice that are not defined, then those terms will have the meaning defined in your agreement with us. Section What can you find there? How Twilio processes your personal data Twilio collects personal data such as Customer Account Data directly from you — as a customer or a visitor — when you visit Twilio’s website, request a product, service or access to an event, or when you contact a member of the Twilio team or sign up for a Twilio account to use our products and services. Twilio also indirectly collects the personal data of your end users called Customer Usage Data (e.g., communications metadata) and Customer Content (e.g., communications content). Data about our customers We process customer contact details such as your name, email, and phone number directly from you when you make a request, contact a member of our team, or sign-up for a Twilio account. Read this section to learn more about the types of data we collect about you, why we collect it, and how we store it. Data about our customers’ end users We process your end users’ communications-related data such as phone numbers, email addresses, friendly names that you create for your end users. We also process the content of communications sent by you or your end users to provide services to you and to carry out necessary functions of our business as a communications service provider. Please read this section to learn more about the types of data we collect about your end users, why we collect it, and how we store it. How Twilio shares personal data First things first: we do not sell your personal data, or the personal data of your end users. We also do not allow any personal data to be used by third parties for their own marketing purposes (except in cases where you explicitly request or provide consent for us to do so, such as at a conference when you direct us to share your information with a sponsor). However, we do need to share it in some circumstances. These may be to provide you services (e.g., to route a call or send an email), or when necessary for our suppliers to provide services to us, or for another reason listed here, or share personal data for cross-context behavioral advertising. How to make choices about your data Twilio provides you with many ways to make choices about your data and your end users’ data, such as accessing it, correcting it, deleting it, or updating your choices about how it is used. Cookies and tracking technology Twilio uses common information-gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, our services or when you interact with emails we sent to you. You can manage these technologies easily on our websites. Global privacy compliance at Twilio Twilio is a global company that is committed to complying with privacy laws around the world. Read this section to learn more about our global privacy compliance and how we protect the personal data of specific groups, such as employees and employee applicants. International data transfers Twilio relies on our Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) as our primary data transfer mechanism.Where Twilio’s BCRs do not apply, such as to cross-border data transfers of the SendGrid services, we will rely instead on other safeguards to transfer personal data, as described in this section. Twilio product privacy Some of our products, such as Authy, Frontline, SendGrid and Segment, work a bit differently in terms of applicable privacy protections. We’ve provided this section to explain where there are differences and how we are continuing to ensure privacy compliance. Security information While there is no such thing as perfect security, we are committed to maintaining reasonable and appropriate security measures to ensure that your personal data is protected both online and offline. Read this section to learn more about our security measures and how you can better protect your account. Handling disputes In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve a privacy concern quickly and thoroughly, we provide a path of dispute resolution. Other information you may find useful Here you’ll find other useful information about our data protection practices and about this notice. Our use of automated decision making is minimal; we use it primarily for anti-fraud purposes. Finally, we may update our Privacy Notice from time to time, and we will notify our customers in advance of material changes. When we talk about “personal data,” we’re talking about a broad range of information. Data protection laws around the world define this concept in different ways, but in general, we mean any information that relates to an identifiable, living individual person. In other words, a person’s phone number is personal data, while a business’s phone number is not. In addition, some data protection laws and privacy laws in certain jurisdictions differentiate between “controllers” and “processors” of personal data. A controller decides why and how to process personal data. A processor does not make decisions about personal data; it only processes personal data on behalf of a controller based on the controller’s instructions. With this background, let’s take a high level look at the personal data Twilio collects and how we process it. If you are a customer of ours, Twilio processes personal data in different ways when you use our products and services. We process your personal data as a customer (or potential customer) of Twilio’s services — information that we refer to as Customer Account Data (e.g., your contact information) — when you visit a Twilio public-facing website like twilio.com; sign up for a Twilio event, like SIGNAL; reach out to our Sales team; or sign up for a Twilio, Authy, Segment, or SendGrid account and use our products and services.We process the personal data of your end users who use or interact with your application that you’ve built on Twilio’s platform, like the people you communicate with by way of that application. This includes information we use to route messages and metadata about messages — we refer to this information as Customer Usage Data — and it also includes the contents of communications, which we refer to as your Customer Content. You can see a more detailed definition of “ Customer Content ” in our Data Protection Addendum , which is part of our agreement with you. Twilio processes these categories of personal data differently because the direct relationship we have with you, our customer, is different from the indirect relationship we have with your end users. When Twilio processes your Customer Account Data and your Customer Usage Data, Twilio is acting as a controller. We are also a controller for our employees’ personal data. When Twilio processes your Customer Content, we are acting as a processor. If you are a visitor to our website (by which we mean any website that links back to this Privacy Notice in its footer, such as to twilio.com, segment.com, or sendgrid.com), or if you are not a Twilio user and you are attending one of our events, like SIGNAL, we collect a minimal amount of data about you (depending on how much you’ve chosen to share with us). This might be as little as an IP address or a cookie, and it might be your contact information. We also consider this Customer Account Data. You can read below about how we process visitors’ Customer Account Data. If you are an applicant to a job at Twilio, or you are a Twilio employee, you can read below about how we process employee and applicant data. You can also read our Employee Privacy Notice , which we extend to job applicants. If you are an end user of a Twilio customer, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the services that our customers provide to their end users. Our customers have their own policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the personal data of their end users. If you are an end user of one of our customers and want to learn about how that customer handles your personal data, we encourage you to read the customer’s privacy policy.Only the customer can assist you with requests for access or deletion. In short, Twilio requires the minimal amount of data necessary to provide services to you, and the amount or type of data we collect depends on the product or service you choose or how you use it. If you choose to share additional information with us so that we can better customize your account and our services, we’ll process that with the same care and respect. We do not sell your personal data and we do not share your information with third parties for those third parties’ own business interests. This Privacy Notice describes the data we collect from our customers at a high level, but you can always learn more by reading our API documentation. We use the information we collect and share it with our service providers primarily to provide the services you’ve requested from us, and as needed for our operational purposes (e.g., to do the things we need to do to function as a business, such as to collect payment). In addition, we may use data about our customers to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and services. Data we process during account creation and account usage When you sign up for an account with us, we ask for certain information like your contact details and billing information to facilitate payment and communication. We also collect some information automatically, like your IP address, when you log in to your account or when your software application built on Twilio makes requests to our APIs. We use this to understand who is using our services and how, and to detect, prevent and investigate fraud, abuse, or security incidents. Information You Share Directly: Name and contact information. When you sign up for a Twilio, SendGrid, or Segment account with us, we will ask you to give us your name, email address, and optionally, your company name, and to create a password. You can also name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one). We collect this information so we know who you are — this helps us communicate with you by email, text or voice call about your account(s), service-related information, recognize you when you communicate with us through the account portal or otherwise, bill you correctly, and provide other services. Telephone number. When you first sign up for an account, we may also ask you for a telephone number (where it’s relevant to the service you’re using) so we can communicate a verification code to that telephone number and have you enter the code into our website. This helps us verify that you’re actually a human being. A Twilio team member may also contact you at this number to help you with onboarding unless you choose not to be contacted. When you set up two-factor authentication for your account, we may ask you to enter a telephone number to set up the process. You have the option to use that telephone number as the method for us to communicate verification codes to you to verify that it is you logging into your account. You can alternatively use the Authy App or other similar authenticator application for verification codes. We don’t use this two-factor authentication phone number for purposes other than providing verification codes; however, if you’ve given us your phone number in another context, such as in connection with your Twilio account, we may contact you that way. Payment information. When you upgrade your trial account, we’ll ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our products and services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio. We’ll also use your billing address for tax calculation and audit purposes. Subscriber records. For some products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our Trust Hub or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or your end user. We may also need proof of identity and physical service address. We call these “subscriber records.” We may have to share subscriber records with local government authorities or with the local telecommunications carrier that provides connectivity services. We may also use this physical service address for tax purposes. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality. Personalization details. Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your company and your intended use of the product.We’ll use this information for the purpose of determining eligibility for these products. We may also use it in connection with improving our own internal processes and services or to train our team members. Information We Generate or Collect Automatically: SIDs . When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique ID — a SID — and we’ll automatically generate an API token for each of your accounts. These are used like a username and password to make API requests. Instead of using these API tokens, you can provision API Keys and use your API key for authentication when making requests to our APIs. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials. Device information and IP addresses . When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and other data through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. We use this information to understand how customers are using our platform, who those customers are (if they are a company and the IP address is associated with that company), what country they are logging in from (for analytics and export control purposes), and to help improve the navigation experience. You can learn more about cookies in the section titled “ Cookies and Tracking Technologies ” below. When you use our account portal, we also collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town. We do not collect precise geographical information. Data we process from our website, events, and interactions When you visit our website, sign up for a Twilio event or request more information about Twilio, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies, and through web forms where you type in your information. We collect this information to provide you with what you request through the web form, to learn more about who is interested in our products and services, and to improve navigation experience on our pages. You can learn more about cookies in the section titled “ Cookies and Tracking Technologies ” below. Information You Share Directly: In some places on Twilio’s public-facing websites, you can fill out web forms to ask to be contacted by our Sales Team, sign up for a newsletter, register for a Twilio event, or take a survey. The specific personal data requested on these forms will vary based on the purpose of the form. We will ask you for information necessary for us to provide you with what you request through the form (for example, we will ask you for your email address if you want to sign up for an email newsletter and for your phone number if you want a member of our Sales Team to call you). We may also ask you for additional information to help us understand you better as a customer, such as your Twilio use case, your company name, or your role at your company. If you sign up to receive ongoing marketing communications from Twilio, like a newsletter, you can always choose to opt out of further communications through a preferences page which will be linked from any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also contact our Customer Support Team to communicate your choice to opt out. If you contact our Sales or Customer Support Teams, those teams keep a record of that communication, including your contact details and other information you share during the course of the communication. We store this information to help us keep track of the inquiries we receive from you and from customers generally so we can improve our products and services and provide training to team members. This information also helps our teams manage our ongoing relationships with our customers. Because we store a record of these communications, please be thoughtful about what information you share with our Sales and Customer Support Teams. While we will take appropriate measures to protect any sensitive information you share with us, it is best to avoid sharing any personal or other sensitive information in these communications not necessary for these teams to assist you. Information We Collect Automatically: When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we and our service providers acting on our behalf automatically collect certain information using tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. We use this information to understand how visitors to our websites are using them and which pages and features of the websites are most popular. This helps us understand how we can improve our websites and track performance of our advertisements.In addition, we use tracking technologies to help improve the navigation experience on Twilio websites. We don’t sell this information to third parties. For more details on our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please read the below section titled “ Cookies and Tracking Technologies .” Marketing information We use your email address to send you information about other Twilio products, services or events in which we think you may be interested. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also update your communication preferences using our online form or contact our Customer Support Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account. We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers. We use this information to help us understand our customer base better, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL. We also use this information to reach out to potential candidates for roles at Twilio. When you visit a Twilio website, we process your information to market our services to you on other websites. You are able to opt out of targeted advertisements by using the cookie consent management tool, TrustArc. To learn more about how we process this information and how to make choices about what is collected, please see the “ Cookies and Tracking Technologies ” Section below. How Long We Store Your Customer Account Data Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you with our services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘ Choices About Your Customer Account Data ’ below), we will honor this request unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits. More specifically, within 60 days following closure of your account, we will either delete other Customer Account Data or transform it such that it can no longer be used to identify you, with the following exceptions, depending on and in accordance with applicable law: Customer Account Data is stored for up to seven years following closure of your account. However, we may retain invoice records, including their digital equivalent, for longer periods for accounting, tax, and audit purposes.Where we collect subscriber records, we will retain this data for such time as needed for legal, security and anti-fraud purposes.We may retain your communications with Twilio’s Customer Support Teams for up to three years after your account is closed. We may need to retain data due to special circumstances (such as due to an open investigation, audit, or other legal matter). for more detailed information about our retention and deletion practices. What Customer Usage Data and Customer Content Twilio Processes and Why We use Customer Usage Data and Customer Content to provide services to you and to carry out necessary functions of our business as a communications service provider. We do not sell your end users’ personal data and we do not share your end users’ information with third parties for those third parties’ own business interests or cross-context behavioral advertising. The particular end user personal data Twilio processes when you, our customer, use our products and services, and the reasons Twilio processes end user personal data, depends on how you use our products and services and which Twilio products and services you use. For that reason, our API docs for each of our products and services are the best place to find information about our processing of personal data when you use that Twilio product and service. In many cases, you can opt to store records of your communications or other activities in your Twilio account, and these records may include your end users’ personal data. You may also have the option to use additional features or tools within Twilio’s products or services that allow you to do things such as analyze the records, including end user personal data, in your Twilio account. In those cases, Twilio will process this information to provide you with the service you request.For Twilio’s customers, our Data Protection Addendum describes more about how we process Customer Content in accordance with your instructions. That Data Protection Addendum is a part of your agreement with us by default. How Long We Store Customer Usage Data and Customer Content Details regarding how long your end user personal data may be stored on Twilio systems will depend on which Twilio products and services you are using and how you are using them. For that reason, our API docs for each of our products and services, along with SendGrid’s documentation and Segment’s documentation , are the best place to find more detailed information about managing end user data collected and stored in connection with your use of our products and services. We also provide an overview of our retention periods in our support documentation As a Twilio customer, if the Twilio product or service you use enables you to store records of your usage on Twilio, including personal data contained within those records, and you choose to do so, then Twilio will retain these records for as long as you instruct, up until termination of your account. In some cases, use of extended storage may cost more. If you later instruct us to delete those records (please see below for information on how to delete your records), we will do so. Please note that it may take up to 30 days for the data to be completely removed from all systems. We do not sell your personal data or the personal data of your end users. We also do not allow any personal data to be used by third parties for their own marketing purposes (except in cases where you explicitly request or provide consent for us to do so, such as at a conference when you direct us to share your information with a sponsor) or share personal data for cross-context behavioral advertising. However, we do need to share personal data in order to provide our products and services to you, such as to route a call you send through us or to store data you ask us to store. Below are the different scenarios under which we may share your data with third parties. Telephony operators as necessary for proper routing and connectivity. Twilio provides an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network (PSTN) to send communications. Therefore, communications-related data is shared with and received from telephony operators as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those telephony operators handle this data is generally determined by those operators’ own policies and local regulations. Other communications service providers for proper routing and connectivity. Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, such as Viber and Facebook Messenger (referred to as Over-the-Top (OTT) communications service providers). If you choose to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will share communications data with these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers handle this data is determined by their own policies. Third-party service providers or consultants. Twilio engages certain third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using this data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data. Sub-processors. A sub-processor is a vendor that is permitted to process data for which we are a processor — in other words, Customer Content. We share Customer Content with sub-processors who assist in providing the Twilio services, like our infrastructure provider, or as necessary to provide optional functionality like transcriptions. An up-to-date list of Twilio sub-processors is located here . Add-on Partners. Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will share your information with the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be shared with an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on. Compliance with Legal Obligations.We may disclose your or your end users’ personal data to a third party if (i) we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements), (ii) to enforce our agreements and policies, (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our services and products, (iv) to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (v) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury. For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our Binding Corporate Rules . If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data of you or your end user, we will notify you of the disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited by law. Further, we object to requests we do not believe were issued properly. Twilio Group Members We may share your personal data or your end users’ personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this notice. You may see who Twilio Group Members are by looking in our Binding Corporate Rules . Business transfers. If we go through a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, data we gather from you may be part of the assets transferred or shared in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. In that situation, and that situation only, we might transfer your data in a way that constitutes a sale under applicable law. If we do, we’ll let you know ahead of time, and we will require any acquirer or successor of Twilio to continue to process data consistent with this Privacy Notice. Aggregated or de-identified data. We might also share data about our customers with third parties if the data has been de-identified or aggregated in a way so it cannot be used to identify you or your end users. Choices About Your Customer Account Data Accessing and Controlling Account Data. As part of the services we provide to our customers, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by emailing support@twilio.com or contacting Customer Support . Closing Your Account and Deletion . To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can email us at support@twilio.com or contact Customer Support . Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you or your end users. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “ How Long We Store Your Customer Account Data ” section above) until it’s no longer needed. Our Support portal provides documentation regarding how to delete the data you control and how long we retain it. Other Choices About Your Customer Account Data . In addition, you can express other choices about your Customer Account Data (e.g., accessing it, deleting it, restricting its use, porting it, or withdrawing consent for its use) by contacting Customer Support . Choices About Your End Users’ Data We also offer you the ability to delete, access, or exercise other choices about end user data, namely Customer Usage Data and Customer Content. Your ability to make choices about this data depends on the Twilio product or service you use and how you use the product or service. For that reason, our API docs for each of our products and services, along with SendGrid’s documentation and Segment’s documentation , are the best place to find more detailed information about managing end user data collected and stored in connection with your use of our products and services. In some cases, we may retain a copy of your usage records, including the personal data contained in them, to carry out necessary functions like billing, invoice reconciliation, troubleshooting, along with detecting, preventing, and investigating spam, fraudulent activity, and network exploits and abuse. Sometimes legal matters arise that also require us to preserve records, including those containing personal data.These matters include litigation, law enforcement requests, or government investigations. If we have to do this, we will delete the impacted records when we are no longer legally obligated to retain them. We may, however, retain or use records after they have been anonymized, if the law allows. Twilio uses common information-gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we sent to you. Cookies A cookie is a piece of data contained in a very small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you. By themselves, cookies do not identify you specifically. Rather, they recognize your web browser. So, unless you identify yourself specifically to Twilio, like signing into your account, we don’t know who you are just because you visited our website. Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off. Additionally, the cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. How to Control & Delete Cookies TrustArc Consent Tool. Twilio uses “TrustArc” as our cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted. Using Your Browser. In addition to using our TrustArc Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click here . To manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies, click here Do Not Track. Some browsers allow a “do not track” (DNT) setting that requests that a web application disable its tracking of an individual user. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser will send a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug-in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing and stop tracking your activity. To set up DNT, you can visit the All About DNT page. If you do choose to set up DNT, we will automatically turn off all non-required cookies on Twilio’s websites for you. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account. Global Privacy Control. Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a technical specification that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the Global Privacy Control page. If you do choose to set up GPC, we will automatically turn off all non-required cookies on Twilio’s websites for you. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account. Opting out of Advertising Cookies. To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the Your Online Choices page, the Network Advertising Initiative page, and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. Web Beacons Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website. We use web beacons to operate and improve our websites and email communications to you. Twilio is a global company with customers and offices all around the world. As such, our approach to privacy compliance is a global one.No matter where you are located, whether in the United States, the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), Latin America, or the Asia-Pacific region, we remain committed to abiding by all applicable data protection laws. Regions Requiring a Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data If you are from a region that requires a legal basis for processing personal data (such as the EEA or the UK), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you , or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent to do so . In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you or may otherwise need the personal data to protect your vital interests or those of another person, such as in the case where we request personal data from you in the context of a government audit or in response to a request from law enforcement. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact information provided below. Broadly speaking, we use Customer Account Data to further our legitimate interests to: understand who our customers and potential customers are and their interests in Twilio’s product and services;manage our relationship with you and other customers;carry out core business operations such as accounting, filing taxes, and fulfilling regulatory obligations; andhelp detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud and other abuse or misuse of our products and services. United States For those customers that would like more information about our use of Customer Account Data or Customer Usage Data, you have the ability to request: that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you; andthat we delete the personal data we have about you. Please scroll up to our section above on How to make choices about your data for more information about how to make a request. Please be aware that when you ask us for these things, we will take steps to verify that you are authorized to make the request. You do not have to be from any specific state, such as California, Colorado, Utah, or Virginia, to make this request. We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our service. If you’re a Californian interested in what personal data we have shared lately for our business purposes, here’s a list: IdentifiersCommercial informationFinancial informationInternet or other electronic activity informationGeolocation informationProfessional or employment information By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only share personal data as we describe in the section above (in other words, with telephony operators, communications providers, and so on). Other regions If you are in a region other than the EEA, the UK, or the United States, we aren’t forgetting you! There are just some specific requirements those regions ask us to put in our Privacy Notice. Some countries, like Brazil, also have specific privacy notice requirements, and we address those requirements in our general privacy sections above. If there are specific changes we need to make to our legal language to comply with a country’s privacy or data protection laws, you can find those changes in our Data Protection Addendum . Privacy Compliance for Specific Individuals Employee Applicant and Employee Data . Whether you are applying for a position at Twilio or are a current or former employee, we remain committed to practicing a “no shenanigans” approach to your personal data. For up to date information on the types of data we process about you and how we protect it, please see our Employee Privacy Notice . Information from Children. We do not knowingly permit children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK or 16, if you live in the EEA) to sign up for a Twilio account. If we discover someone who is underage has signed up for a Twilio account, we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove that person’s personal data from our records.If you believe a person who is underage has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at privacy@twilio.com As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers, and to third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. In each case, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected. Data transfers to the United States and elsewhere . When you use our account portal, or our other products and services, personal data of you and your end users processed by Twilio may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate. These transfers will often be made in connection with routing your communications in the most efficient way. Safeguards for data transfers . Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law. Where we must transfer end users’ personal data to a third country, we conduct a transfer impact assessment , which we make available on our support pages. Our Data Protection Addendum , which we provide to all customers, includes more detailed information about our cross-border data transfers. EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“EU-US DPF”) and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-US DPF) . As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-US DPF and Swiss-US DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the US. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the EU-US DPF and the Swiss-US DPF.To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the DPF website here. Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules . Twilio has established and implemented a set of Binding Corporate Rules for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR controller and processor policies here . Where neither the EU-US DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, such as to cross-border data transfers of the SendGrid services to a country other than the US, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the International Data Transfer Agreement. Transfers from other countries . When we transfer personal data outside countries other than those in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, we strive to comply with the cross-border data transfer rules of those countries, such as by cooperating with that country’s data protection authority or providing a written agreement to each customer that meets the data protection requirements of the country. APEC CBPR & PRP Participation . Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found here Authy Services The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API. Data Collection and Authy. For the most part, Authy collects the same data the Twilio services collect, and for the same reasons. However, Authy collects slightly different data elements due to the nature of the service. Identifiers. Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account.We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We do not use that phone number to provide sales or support to you; however, if you sign up for other Twilio services, we may ask you for your phone number in those contexts, and use it for those purposes. We collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes. We will also use your email address to send system emails to you, such as to let you know about suspicious logins or updates to this policy. We may also send notices about Twilio products or events to you, but you may click on the unsubscribe link that will appear at the bottom of any of our marketing emails or you can contact customer support to opt out. If you are a user of an application that directly integrates with Authy’s 2-Factor Authentication API, those applications collect your phone number, user name, and email address and share that information with us so we can use it to associate your account on that application with your Authy account. When that application shares your phone number, user name, and email address with us, we will create an Authy account for you if you do not have one already. We will use your phone number to communicate to you verification codes so you can log into your account on that application. Device Information. When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app. Login History and Authy Account History. When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised. Geolocation information. If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and, again, as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised. How we share personal data. In general, Authy shares personal data in the same way Twilio does (see How Twilio shares personal d ata for more). Authy does not sell personal data and does not share personal data for third parties’ behavioral advertising purposes. However, Authy users should be aware that an application that integrates with the Authy 2-Factor API can access your phone number, email address, and user name. It will also be able to access your primary device type and information associated with your login activity to that application. It may also retain this information on its own servers. We may also share other information related to your account with that application to help them and us detect suspicious or fraudulent activity on your account. That application will only be able to see information related to your account on their service; it will not be able to see other accounts for which you use Authy to provide 2FA. Frontline Services To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the Frontline App Terms for specific details about your relationship with us. If you are an end user of the Frontline services, Twilio is a processor of your personal data. Please reach out to your employer (or the entity that has authorized your access to the Frontline app) to make a request for us to update or erase any information about you or to stop using any information about you. Segment Services The Segment services are treated the same as the rest of Twilio’s products and are covered by our Data Protection Addendum and our Binding Corporate Rules .For more specific information, you can learn more about the Segment services in the Segment documentation SendGrid Services The SendGrid services work a little differently from the rest of Twilio’s services, and we’d like to make sure you’re aware of those differences. Most importantly, SendGrid services are not currently covered by Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules , which means that we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses (which you can find in our Data Protection Addendum ) for any cross-border data transfers relating to the SendGrid services. However, even where SendGrid services are not covered by our Binding Corporate Rules , we are committed to providing a high level of data protection for our SendGrid customers. Data Collection and Email . For the most part, the SendGrid services collect the same data the Twilio services collect, and for the same reasons. The SendGrid services also collect some additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “ Cookies and Tracking Technologies ” above. Customer Content and Email Recipients’ Personal Data . Like Twilio, SendGrid is a data processor for Customer Content, like email communications contents and the contents of marketing campaigns. SendGrid is also a data processor for email recipients’ email addresses and other recipients’ personal data. If you’re a customer, our Data Protection Addendum describes more about how we process Customer Content in accordance with your instructions. How We Secure Personal Data Our security measures . We use appropriate security measures to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. We also take measures to ensure service providers that process personal data on our behalf also have appropriate security controls in place. When we transfer data across borders, we also take supplementary measures to ensure that data is protected. You may read more about our security measures in our Security Overview , and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures here Please note that no service is completely secure. While we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur. Security measures you can take . To protect the confidentiality of your account and protect against unauthorized use of your account, we recommend enabling two-factor authentication for your account. Additionally, you must keep your account password and Auth Token confidential and not disclose them publicly or to unauthorized individuals — this includes accidentally distributing them in a binary or checking them into source control. Please let us know right away if you think your password or Auth Token was compromised or misused. For instructions on changing your password, click here . For instructions on changing your Auth Token, click here Similarly, if you provision an API Key, you should keep your secret, well... secret. You should store your API Key, Account SID, and secret in a secure location. Information on provisioning and revoking API Keys can be found here If you have any Twilio service, such as Authy or Frontline, on your mobile device, you should take measures to protect your device. First, you should set a password and activate biometrics (like Touch ID), where available, for all devices on which you have downloaded your Twilio app. For the Authy mobile app, you also have the option of setting an app-specific protection pin. You can do this by going into your Authy app and clicking on settings. In settings, you should click on “Protection Pin.” You can choose to include a Protection Pin which will require you to enter a pin number of your choosing before accessing settings and your Account Info. Depending on your device’s capabilities, you may also be able to add biometric protection. You can also choose to protect the entire app which will require you to enter your chosen Pin and/or use biometric to open the Authy app on your device. We recommend that if you have downloaded Authy onto a shared device, that you use this last option of protecting the entire app. If you have multiple devices associated with your account and one of your devices is lost or stolen, you can remove that device from your circle of trusted devices by going into one of the other devices associated with your account, and over which you still control, and remove the lost or stolen device under Settings > Devices.If you only have a single device that is associated with your account and that device is lost or stolen, you can alert us by contacting our Customer Support Team. How we use personal data for security purposes We may collect and use Customer Account Data or Customer Usage Data to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and services. In addition, we also use records containing end user personal data to debug, troubleshoot, or investigate security incidents; to detect and prevent spam or fraudulent activity; and to detect and prevent network exploits and abuse. Specifically, we monitor text message content to detect spam, fraudulent activity, and violations of our Acceptable Use Policy . We may anonymize personal data and use it for our legitimate business needs, and, where allowed by law, this may include records containing end user personal data. Automated decision making and machine learning Twilio may use automated decision making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity. Holders of accounts suspended under these circumstances are notified of the suspension and given an opportunity to request human review of the suspension decision. Changes to our Privacy Notice We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time, and if we do, the most current version will be available at https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy with the date indicating when it was last updated. These changes might be minor, such as updating an address or fixing a typo, or they might be material, such as making a change that affects your rights. If we make changes that affect your rights, we will provide advance notice to you, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console, or we’ll send an email via the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this notice and seek your consent to any material changes if this is required by applicable law. We can't wait to see what you build. Products Solutions Docs Company Copyright © 2023 Twilio Inc. All Rights Reserved.SoundCloud Privacy Policy Welcome to SoundCloud, a service provided by SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG and its affiliates, including SoundCloud, Inc. and Repost Network Inc. (hereinafter “SoundCloud”). Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not specifically defined shall have the meanings given to the applicable capitalized terms in the SoundCloud Terms of Use. Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, use, disclose and otherwise process your personal data when you use soundcloud.com and m.soundcloud.com (together, the “Website”), our mobile and desktop apps (the “Apps”) and all related sites, players, widgets, tools, data, software, APIs and other services provided by SoundCloud (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to any Website, Apps, or Services by SoundCloud that refers to this Privacy Policy, i.e. by linking to it. For employees with California residency, our privacy notice applicable to past, current, and prospective employees and similar individuals, as well as their beneficiaries and emergency contacts, can be accessed by clicking here . This Privacy Policy explains the following, amongst other things: Information relating to our use of cookies and similar technologies is set out in our Cookie Policy , which forms part of the Privacy Policy. When we refer to the Privacy Policy, we are referring to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Please take some time to read this Privacy Policy, along with our Terms of Use , in order to ensure you understand and are comfortable with our use and disclosure of your personal data. Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Website, Apps and Services (together, the “Platform”). When using the Platform, you may find links to other websites, apps and services, or tools that enable you to share information with other websites, apps and services. SoundCloud is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites, apps and services and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of each of these websites, apps or services before connecting your SoundCloud account or sharing any personal data. If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Platform. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the Help Center or at dataprotection@soundcloud.com . SoundCloud is committed to putting its users first and believes you should know what personal data we collect about you, why we collect it, and how we use and share it. That’s why we’ve designed this Privacy Policy to give you simple, clear, and actionable information about our privacy and data protection practices. We believe users should also have meaningful choices over the personal data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, your Settings and the Help Center . We encourage you to take full advantage of these tools. Who Controls Your Data With regard to data processing within the framework of SoundCloud’s internal administration and joint procedures through centralized systems, SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, SoundCloud Inc. and Repost Network Inc. act as joint controllers. The joint processes particularly pertain to the operation and use of joint databases, platforms and IT systems. With respect to the joint processes, SoundCloud determines the purposes and means of processing. In a separate agreement on joint controllership pursuant to Article 26 GDPR, SoundCloud determines how the respective tasks and responsibilities of the processing of personal data are structured and who fulfils which data protection obligations. In particular, it is determined how an appropriate level of security and how your rights as a data subject can be ensured, how the information duties under data protection law can be jointly fulfilled and how potential data protection incidents can be monitored. This includes reporting and notification obligations. In the event SoundCloud does not act as a joint controller, the sole controller, as given the meaning by data protection legislation, is either: If you are located in the United States, SoundCloud Inc., 71 5th Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York 10003, NY, USA, dataprotection@soundcloud.com ,or if you are located outside of the United States, SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77, 10115 Berlin, Germany, dataprotection@soundcloud.com , We may share your data within our corporate group of companies that are related by common ownership or control (“SoundCloud Group”) and the data of US users may be processed by SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG on SoundCloud Inc.’s behalf. The personal data of users who have signed up for SoundCloud Direct may be processed by Repost Network Inc. doing business as SoundCloud Direct on behalf of the respective Data Controller.SoundCloud provides statistics and insights about the performance of a particular sound recording and its underlying composition uploaded to the Platform (“Track”). These statistics and insights are provided to any person (including Creators) or entity owning or controlling a Track (“Rightsholders”) and include information about how fans interact with their Tracks on the Platform to make Rightsholders better understand their fanbase ("Rightsholder Insights"). Rightsholder Insights are processed in joint controllership between SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG and the respective Rightsholder, subject to the applicable agreement to be found here . Legal Basis for Data Processing The collection and processing of your data is governed by the law applicable to your respective Data Controller, as outlined above. With that being said, SoundCloud follows European law and the GDPR where applicable to ensure adequate protection of your personal data. Data collection and processing under GDPR may be based on your consent (see Art. 6 lit. a) GDPR), contractual purposes (see Art. 6 lit. b) GDPR) or, in exceptional cases, for legitimate purposes, which we weigh against your data protection interests (see Art. 6 lit. f) GDPR). We have specified the legal bases for individual data processing activities in more detail below. We may also use our user’s personal data under GDPR if: Processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which the person responsible is subject (see Art. 6 lit. c) GDPR);Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person (Art. 6 lit. d) GDPR); orProcessing is necessary for the performance of a task that is in the public interest or takes place in the exercise of official authority that has been assigned to the person responsible (see Art. 6 lit. e) GDPR). Personal Data We Collect Any personal data we collect falls into one of three general categories: Personal data you provide to us,Personal data we collect automatically,Personal data we obtain from third parties. Personal Data You Provide We ask for and collect the below personal data when you use the Platform. This personal data is necessary for the adequate performance of the platform, to meet the requirements of the contract present between you and us and to comply with our obligations thereunder. You don’t need to register for a SoundCloud account in order to visit or use our Platform. However, certain Services require that you register for an account and, by doing so, you will need to provide us with certain personal data: Account Information - When you register with any kind of SoundCloud account, you will need to provide your email address (except when you sign-up with Facebook, Google or Apple and don’t give your permission to share it with SoundCloud), your age, a username (which may be your real name or a pseudonym) and a password. Profile Information - you may choose, at your discretion, to provide additional personal data for your public profile on SoundCloud – for example: your real nameyour genderthe city and country in which you livea profile picture, profile header image or avatarany content associated with your Track uploads (all audio (including podcasts), text, pictures, graphics, comments, and other content, data or information that you upload, including your compositions, metadata, song names, composer names, creators’ names, performers’ names, group names, producers’ names, album artworks and your name, image, likeness and biographical information) (“Materials”). information about how you categorize yourself with respect to your Materials (for example, whether you are a musician, a label or some other category of creator)details of your other websites and social media profiles, including links to those pagesany personally identifiable data from your Tracks or respective meta-data will be published on your profile page in accordance with our Terms of Use . This personal data will be publicly accessible and may be viewed by anyone accessing the Website, or using our API or other Services. Please be aware that a profile picture is mandatory when you request profile verification via your Settings in the “Account” tab. Subscriptions - If you purchase a Subscription, you must provide your real name, billing address, and payment verification information. Please be aware that we only get payment verification information and no further details of your payment, as outlined in the respective section of this Privacy Policy. Any use of such personal data is for contractual purposes. SoundCloud Direct - In the event you use the services of SoundCloud Direct, you must provide your real name, payment information and personal data necessary to operate and maintain your monetization and/or distribution with SoundCloud Direct (e.g. content identification information such ISRC codes).Music Publishing - In the event you use the services of music publishing administration, you must provide your real name, payment information and personal data necessary to operate and maintain your music publishing administration (e.g. publisher, sub-publisher information as well as performance rights and or mechanical rights organization information and content identification data, such as interested party Information (IPI) numbers, ISWC numbers). Communications - When you communicate with SoundCloud by email or through the Platform, or use the Platform to communicate with other users, we collect personal data about your communication and any personal data you choose to provide based on contractual purposes. Survey Information - If you participate in any survey, you may provide certain personal data as part of your response, unless you respond anonymously. The personal data you provided is only processed based on your consent. Information You Post - You may provide personal data when you upload Tracks to the Platform, when you post comments, or when you contribute to community discussions. This is based on your own choice, and in accordance with our Terms of Use , we may use such data for contractual purposes. Information Provided For Tax or Financial Reasons Tax ID/VAT - We also collect your tax ID or VAT number if applicable. If you join SoundCloud Direct as a business, this personal data is required to enable proper tax accounting purposes. Other Tax Payee Information and W9 Certifications (US Only) - If you are located in the U.S., we will collect certain personal data and certifications from you, which enables us to report eligible payouts to the Internal Revenue Service. PayPal Email Address - In order to be able to remit any revenue earned through your monetized tracks to your designated PayPal account, we ask you to provide us with the email address that is connected to the PayPal account in which you wish to receive your eligible payouts. Personal Data We Collect Automatically There is certain personal data that we collect automatically as the result of your use of the Platform, subject to the choices you make in your Settings , or through the use of cookies and other web analytics services as described in our Cookie Policy . This personal data generally includes: Usage Information - We collect personal data about your interactions with the Platform, including the pages that you visit and links you click on, streaming, offline listening or downloading Tracks, uploading or recording Tracks, connecting your Facebook, Google or Apple account, sharing a Track with another user, following or unfollowing another user, posting a comment, performing a search, the time, frequency and duration of your visits to the Platform, and whether you interact with email messages, for example, if you opened, clicked on, or forwarded the email message. This use of your personal data is based solely on contractual purposes should you have accepted our Terms of Use . If you have not registered on SoundCloud, the use of this personal data is based on our legitimate interest. Please be aware that we need such usage data as we are under contractual obligation to track use of content by our content providers. Log Data – We automatically collect log information when you use the Platform, even if you have not registered for an account or logged in. That personal data includes, among other things: details about how you’ve used the Platform (including links to third party sites or services), Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, your browser type and operating system, device information, device event information (e.g., crashes, browser type), and the page you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Platform. This personal data is essential for our service and is therefore either based on contractual purposes or on legitimate interest if no contract exists. Please be aware that we need log data as we are under contractual obligation to track use of content by our content providers. Cookies – We use cookies and other similar technologies, such as pixels, local storage, and mobile device identifiers and may also allow our business partners to use these tracking technologies on the Platform, or engage others to track your behavior on our behalf. Type, number and function of cookies can vary depending on your individual selection. For more information on our use of these technologies, see our Cookie Policy . Location Data – When you use certain features of the Platform, we may collect personal data about your general location. Physical locations collected through our Platform are associated with non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to device type, browser type, operating system. We use such personal data to deliver personalized location-based services or content.In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such use of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such use, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services or content. We use this personal data to provide you with location-based services (such as advertising and personalized content). Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services for applications in the device’s settings. Such use of personal data is based on your consent, either within our Platform or within your device where you provided your consent when prompted. Device Information – We collect personal data from and about the devices you use, including how you interact with the Platform and information about the device itself, such as the hardware model, operating system, IP addresses, cookie information, device settings, mobile carrier information, mobile device and advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, language, battery level and time zone. This information allows us to recognize and associate your activity, and provide personalized content and advertising, consistently across all of your devices. Such use of personal data is based on your consent given either within our Platform or within your device. Software Development Kits (“SDK”) - We may use third parties including our business partners and service providers who use mobile SDKs to collect personal data and information related to how mobile devices interact with the Platform. An SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, personal data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented. We may use this technology, for instance, to analyze how you interact with Materials and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features through mobile devices. However, such use will be based on your consent. SoundCloud Widget - Other websites may integrate SoundCloud widgets; when you visit a website with a SoundCloud widget embedded, we may receive certain personal data, including personal data about the website you visited. SoundCloud and the widget may be able to recognize you in order to retrieve your library of content, and in some cases the widget may be used to show personalized content. We know when you interact with a widget, and websites containing the widgets may receive this information as well. Such use is subject to the privacy policy of the third party website or app that has integrated a SoundCloud widget. Personal Data We Obtain From Third Parties Single-Sign Ons – If you sign up for SoundCloud through a third party application such as Facebook, Google or Apple, you authorize us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and encrypted access credentials, and other personal data available through the third party application account, including the following personal data: Facebook Connect – If you have a Facebook profile, you can register on our website to create a user account or to register using the "Facebook Connect" social plugin run by the Facebook social network, which is operated by Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook"), using what is known as Single Sign-On technology. You can recognize the "Facebook Connect" social plugins on our website by the blue button with the Facebook logo and the inscription "Register with Facebook" or "Connect with Facebook" or "Log in with Facebook" or "Sign in with Facebook". When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser makes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transferred from Facebook directly to your browser, which then embeds it into the website. Through the integrated plugin, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook profile or are not currently logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted by your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there. These data processing operations are carried out on the basis of Facebook's legitimate interest in the displaying of personalized advertising on the basis of browsing behavior. By using the "Facebook Connect" button on our website, you can also log in or register on our website using your Facebook user data. Depending on your personal data protection settings on Facebook, we will only receive general information that is publicly accessible and stored in your profile when you use Facebook’s "Facebook Connect" button if you give your express consent prior to the registration process on the basis of a corresponding notification on the exchange of data with Facebook. This information includes your user ID, name, profile picture, age and gender.We would like to point out that with your consent or in case of changes to Facebook's privacy policy and terms of use, your profile pictures, your friends' user IDs and friends list may be transferred if these have been marked as "public" in your Facebook privacy settings. Apart from connecting your Facebook account with your SoundCloud account for the purposes of registration and signing in, you may provide, based on your free choice (i.e. with your expressed consent) further personal data from your Facebook profile with Facebook Connect to enrich your use and enjoyment of our Platform. This especially applies to your likes and/or usage, listening and viewing behavior as well as your friends within Facebook. In case you decide to share this information with us, we will display relevant artists, playlists and such to you for your liking. We will store and process the personal data transmitted by Facebook to create a user account with the necessary personal data, provided you have approved this on Facebook. Conversely, based on your consent, personal data (e.g. on your surfing or purchasing behavior) may be transferred from us to your Facebook profile. Please see Facebook's privacy policies for the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, as well as your rights and settings options for protecting your privacy. If you do not wish Facebook to associate any data collected via our website with your Facebook profile, you should log out of Facebook before you visit our website. You can also completely avoid loading the Facebook plugin with add-ons for your browser. Google – You can sign up and log in to SoundCloud using your Google account. When you sign up using Google, Google will ask your permission to share certain information from your Google account with SoundCloud. This includes your Google email address, birthdate (optional), gender (optional), and avatar (optional). This information is collected by Google and is provided to us under the terms of Google’s privacy policy . You can regulate the information that we receive from Google using your Google activity controls . If you signed up using Google by mistake, you can delete your account from the Account page within your Settings at any time, or you can contact us via the Help Center . Apple - You may also sign up and log in to SoundCloud using your Apple-ID. When you sign up using your Apple-ID, Apple will ask your permission to share certain information from your Apple account with SoundCloud. This includes your Apple email address, birthdate (optional), gender (optional), and avatar (optional). This information is collected by Apple and is provided to us under the terms of Apple’s privacy policy . You can regulate the information that we receive from Apple using your Apple-ID settings. If you signed up using Apple by mistake, you can delete your account from the Account page within your Settings at any time, or you can contact us via the Help Center . Service Providers and Business Partners – We may also receive personal data about you from our service providers and business partners, including companies that assist with payment processing, analytics, advertising, marketing, data processing and management (e.g. to measure ad quality and responses to ads, and to display ads that are more likely to be relevant to you, including for SoundCloud products) account management, hosting, customer and technical support, content moderation, and other services which we use to personalize your SoundCloud experience. We explain in more detail why and how we use this personal data below. Android IDs - We collect your Google Android’s Advertising ID (“AAID”). You can reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (we do not control this). Such identifiers will only be used for further analysis subject to your consent. Apple IDs - We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”). You can reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (we do not control this). Such identifiers will only be used for further analysis subject to your consent. Cross App Tracking on Apple Devices - Starting with iOS 14.5, iPadOS 14.5, and tvOS 14.5, we will need to receive your permission through the AppTrackingTransparency framework to access and track you through your device’s advertising identifier (see above “IDFA”). Tracking refers to the act of linking user or device data collected from our app with user or device data collected from other companies’ apps, websites, or offline properties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes. Tracking also refers to sharing user or device data with data brokers. The use of such tracking is subject to your consent and therefore may only be exercised by us with such consent. Apple allows the ID for Vendors (IDFV) to be used for analytics across apps from the same content provider (us).The IDFV may not be combined with other data to track a user across apps and websites owned by other companies unless we have been granted permission to track by you. For further information on how we use the SKAdNetwork for attribution tracking please refer to the documentation that Apple provides here . Payment Verification Information - We use the services of Adyen (Adyen N.V., Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ, Netherlands, click here for privacy policy), Recurly (Recurly, Inc., San Francisco, CA (HQ), 400 Alabama Street, Suite 202 San Francisco, CA 94110, United States, click here for privacy policy) and Apple Pay (only via in app purchase and subject to the privacy policy of Apple, Inc., and the terms and conditions of the payment provider you are using Apple Pay with) for processing your payments. We will get a verification including information on the respective payment method and your name as well as other non-personally identifiable payment information (for example the expiry date of a credit card) as well as information hashed by the respective payment provider (for example a hashed credit card number). Payment Processing In the Apple App and Google Play Store - Payment processing services within the relevant Apps and App Stores enable SoundCloud to process payments. SoundCloud does not process or store credit card details, and uses only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction. Even though we never have access to raw unencrypted card details of a card holder, some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to you, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning your payment. External Payment Providers - The payment provider you use for your payment is solely responsible for the payment. Please refer to the terms of service and privacy policy of your payment provider for further information. How We Use Your Personal Data We use the personal data we collect from you for a range of different business purposes according to different legal bases of processing and subject to the choices you make in your Settings . We do this with the help of automated systems and decision making. Please be aware that when we refer to automated decision making, we will not use any profiling that produces legal effects concerning you or, similarly, significantly affects you. Automated decisions are concerned with content that may be more relevant for you than other content. We use your personal data to: Provide, Improve, and Develop the Platform - We process your personal data primarily for the adequate performance of our contract with you (e.g. Terms of Use ). We may also process your personal data in light of our legitimate interest in improving the Platform and giving our users the best experience. We do this to: Operate and maintain your SoundCloud account, and to provide you with access to and use of the Platform. Your email address and password are used to identify you when you log into the Platform. Your device-IDs are used to ensure that you are in control of the devices that have access to your Subscription. Identify you as the creator of the Tracks that you upload, the comments that you post and/or the other contributions that you make to the Platform.Provide creators with stats and insights about users’ listening behavior of their Tracks, (i.e. streaming and downloading their Tracks or following their profiles).Conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities. If purchasing a Subscription, to process your account subscription and renewals and to collect your payment with the use of payment verification information. Send you service updates and notifications about your account, unless you opt out from such notifications.Respond to you about any comment or enquiry you have submitted.Enable age restrictions. Maintain a Safe and Secure Environment - We also process your personal data in light of our legitimate interest in improving the security of the Platform (including the security of your personal data) in order to give our users the best experience, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of our contract with you (e.g. Terms of Use ). This includes: The detection and prevention of fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other suspicious activity.The verification and authentication of your identity to prevent unauthorized or illegal activity.The enhancement of the safety and security of our products and services.The conducting of security investigations and risk assessments.The prevention or action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms of Use, Community Guidelines or applicable law. The ability to provide you with customer and technical support.Personalize Content, Advertising and Marketing - We process your personal data in this case based on your consent. You can revisit your choices in your settings or in our cookie consent tool. This includes: To improve your experience on the Platform by providing personalized content, recommendations, and features.To customize the content and measure performance of any email, push notification, or in-app message we may send to you. To administer sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by SoundCloud or its partners.To deliver targeted marketing for SoundCloud products on and off the Platform and measure the success of those campaigns. When seeing our ads on third party websites or apps, we or third party services we engage with for this purpose may collect personal data. This personal data includes the information that your browser or mobile app makes available when seeing the ad (e.g IP address, referral URL, browser details, timestamp of request). For example, if a click on our ad converted to an actual purchase of a subscription. To help us select which ads to show you on behalf of advertisers, as ads are more effective when they are shown to people who are likely to be interested in the product or service advertised. This includes personal data you choose to provide to us (e.g. age and gender) and make available to us when you interact with the Platform (e.g. by listening, liking or creating playlists), as well as device information and general location data. We may also display ads based on the page you’re on or Materials you have recently viewed, searched, or listened to. This allows us to show you ads that will likely be more relevant and interesting to you. To collect certain personal data such as cookie data and device information, if we engage with third party services such as ad-networks and exchanges that enable us to show you targeted ads. That personal data is used to sync or match users to segments and serve targeted advertising, based on device activity, inferred interests, and general location information. To combine personal data that we collect about you with personal data from business partners and use it to serve more relevant advertising. Combine information we collect about you with information from business partners and use it to serve more relevant advertising. Newsletters - If you register on our website to receive our newsletter, we collect your email address and your name and save this information together with the date of registration and your IP address. You will then receive an email in which you must confirm your decision to subscribe to the newsletter (double opt-in). If you do not confirm your newsletter subscription within 72 hours, it will automatically expire and the personal data will not be processed for sending the newsletter. We will send the newsletter directly using our own system (Braze).Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties or processors. In the case that you do not confirm your subscription within 72 hours, we will delete the personal data that you provided. After successful confirmation, we will save your personal data until you withdraw your consent (unsubscribe from the newsletter) and for technical reasons beyond this for a maximum of 21 days. This processing is based on your consent. By unsubscribing from the newsletter, you can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Market Research Studies - Based on our legitimate interest, from time to time we will ask you to participate in market research studies and surveys or to do research studies based on anonymized and/or pseudonymized data. There is no obligation to participate in our studies. In the case that you do participate, it will be based on the consent you provide when answering the survey. We deem that the use of anonymized and/or pseudonymized data is covered by our legitimate interest as we will only use such analysis to further improve our research and Platform for the benefit of understanding your needs and enhancing your experience. We will only use the data you provide when answering the market study for other reasons, such as customized product recommendations or notifications based on your consent which you provide ahead of your participation in the market study. Operate and Maintain SoundCloud Direct Monetization - In the event you use the services of SoundCloud Direct, we use the personal data provided by you to operate and maintain your monetization and/or distribution with SoundCloud Direct. The personal data will be used to calculate the eligible revenue to be paid out to you and affect the payments into your PayPal account or any other accepted payment provider. How We Share Your Personal Data This section describes how the personal data collected or generated through your use of the Platform may be shared by you or by us.Through Your Profile – Any personal data in your public profile (other than your email address) will be accessible by other users of the Platform, who may view your profile information, listen to and comment on any of your public Tracks, add themselves to your list of followers, and send you messages. Artist profile owners will be able to see in their statistics that you have listened to the Tracks they uploaded along with a ranking of who listened to their Tracks the most. They will also be able to see how many times you have listened to any of their Tracks, and that you are following them. This is to allow creators to track the popularity of their Tracks. Similarly, if you comment on any Tracks on the Platform, your comments will be available to all users of the Platform together with your profile name and picture. More information is available in the SoundCloud Fan Insights document here . Service Providers – We use a variety of service providers, some of who may be located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), to provide services to us or to our users on our behalf. These service providers have access to your personal data solely to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are contractually bound to implement appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect against unauthorized disclosure of personal data, and only to process personal data in accordance with our instructions and to the extent necessary to provide their services to us. We need to share your personal data in order to ensure the adequate performance of our contract with you. For instance, we work closely with service providers in the area of customer service (i.e. help center, content moderation), with technical service providers (e.g. running computer centers) or music service providers (i.e. rights administration) and payment service providers. These service providers may generally only process your personal data on our behalf under special conditions. When using such service providers, we guarantee an adequate level of data protection and will use any contractual and actual safeguards to comply with respective regulations (like the GDPR, Standard Contractual Clauses or the CCPA). Rightsholders - The Platform allows you to listen to a variety of Tracks, including licensed streaming content. We share personal data with rightsholders that license Tracks to us to help them understand how the Tracks that they provide are performing, including insights about general or individual user listening trends and preferences; this can possibly include your public profile details as well as basic usage data (for example interactions with Tracks). We share this personal data based on our legitimate interest, as our contracts with these rightsholders state that they will be granted these insights. Their interest prevails over your legitimate interest in the safekeeping of your public profile information and basic usage data. Collecting Societies - Due to legal obligations, we are obliged in many countries around the world to transmit pseudonymized or anonymized usage data to collecting societies. Advertising – We share the personal data collected about you, in hashed, aggregated, or de-identified forms with advertisers and advertising service providers and business partners in order to serve ads based on interests of respective segments and to measure the reach and effectiveness of those ads, including whether a user took an action(e.g. purchased a product). We may also share cookie data and device identifiers with service providers for data matching purposes, in order to improve ad targeting. You can find a detailed overview of our advertisers here .Please be aware that where such personal data of yours is identifiable, we will only use it with your consent. Social Media – For users outside of the EU/EEA and where permissible under applicable law we may share your email address (in hashed form, so that it does not identify you) with Facebook in order to target you with ads for SoundCloud products on Facebook and on third party websites and applications in the Meta Audience Network . For users within the EU/EEA this is only permissible with your explicit consent. We also allow Facebook and other social media platforms to collect personal data through cookies and similar technologies like pixels in order to serve ads for SoundCloud on those third party websites and apps and drive users to our Platform. In order to measure the effectiveness of and optimize these marketing campaigns, these technologies track activity taken across devices after a user sees a SoundCloud ad, in order to determine performance metrics like sign ups, visits to the Platform, and purchases. Any questions regarding how these social media platform service providers process your personal data should be directed to them.Aggregated Data – We may also share aggregated and anonymized personal data (personal data about our users that we render in such a way that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and other pseudonymized personal data for regulatory compliance, industry and market analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes. API Integrations – SoundCloud has an open application-programming interface (API), which enables application developers to integrate elements of the Platform into other apps. Some of these developers may be located outside of the EEA but will always, if user data is concerned, sign a Data Processing Addendum and accordingly (where applicable) EU-US Standard Contract Clauses. Any personal data you choose to make public on the Platform, including your public profile information and any public Tracks, may be accessible to these developers, subject to our API Terms of Use . Please bear this in mind when deciding what information to publish on your profile. For information on how to limit the information that is available through the API, please see the Your Choices and Controls section below. Third Party Applications – If you choose to connect your SoundCloud account to other apps or social networks such as Facebook, you may be sharing certain personal data with these apps or networks. Materials that you share with social media networks will appear on your timeline (or similar functions) as well as in news feeds that may be viewed by the public or by certain followers, subject to the terms and conditions of such social media networks. In the case of connected apps, you will need to provide the app developer with full access to your SoundCloud account in order to upload and download Tracks, or comment on, favorite, or repost Tracks from within the app. This means sharing your public information, plus access to your private Tracks. SoundCloud is not responsible for these other apps or networks, so please make sure you only connect your account with apps or services that you trust. For information on how to control the personal data that you share, and how to disconnect your account from these apps, please see the Your Choices and Controls section below. If you do not want this information shared with such social media networks or other Third Party Applications, please change your SoundCloud Settings on our Platform or in those networks. Use of Your Name and Other User Identifiers in Sharing Links - When sharing personal data from our platform on other platforms, especially social media platforms like Facebook or Instagram, we may use your pseudonymized data. If a user clicks on your shared link and is lead to our platform, the user will be presented with a banner telling the user that you (in this context, your profile name will be displayed) are using SoundCloud and/or that you shared this link, and the user will then be asked if they want to follow you. Such use by us is considered a legitimate interest as it enriches our user experience and the way our users connect with each other. As we assume that you share links responsibly with people whom you want to interact with, we also assume that your interest in the safekeeping of your personal data is not affected, especially since we only use pseudonymized data within the link itself. Please be aware that your shared link may be shared further by other parties. Compliance with Laws – We may disclose your personal data to courts, law enforcement agencies, and governmental authorities (i) to comply with our legal obligations, (ii) to comply with legal process and to respond to claims asserted against SoundCloud, (iii) to respond to verified requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability, (iv) to enforce and administer our Terms of Use and other agreements with users, or (v) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of SoundCloud, its employees, and members of the public. Protecting our Rights – We may disclose your personal data if we feel it is necessary in order to protect or defend our legitimate rights and interests, or those of our users, employees, directors, officers, or shareholders, and/or to ensure the safety and security of the Platform and/or the SoundCloud community. Change of Control – We may also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control of SoundCloud, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your personal data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.Targeted Communications & Advertising - Here you will find a list of external advertising partners with whom we cooperate and share personal data (often in aggregated or de-identified forms) for analytics, targeted communications and targeted advertising purposes, should you have consented and not turned these toggles off in your settings . Any such consent will be gained through our cookie consent tool or via your settings in your account. SoundCloud Direct - In the event you choose to grant other users access to your SoundCloud Direct account, or in the event you set up our Split Pay feature, some personal data, such as your name and email address, will be available to those users. Additionally, if you use SC Planner, your SC Planner profile will be visible to other users in the “Leaderboard” section of the App, unless you elect to make your profile invisible in your settings. Cookies and Similar Technology As further described in our Cookie Policy we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. pixels, local storage, and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on and off the Platform, and across devices. To the extent allowed by your settings or your device, we also allow third parties to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy in order to track user behavior on and off the Platform in order to show you ads based on your interests and preferences. You can control cookies through your browser and other tools as described in the Cookie Policy. Please be aware any use of cookies is subject to your consent, except for technical storage or access for transmitting communication, or as strictly necessary to provide a service which was explicitly requested by a user. You will find information regarding the use of cookies from specific third parties when making the choice of cookies you want to allow within our cookie consent tool. Further information is provided in your account settings under “advertising”, where you may as well toggle your choices after your first decision. Information Security SoundCloud maintains appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards that are designed to prevent unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal data we collect or store and to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons that may be involved with our processing operations. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, it is not possible to guarantee the security of personal data transmitted over the Internet. You use the Platform and provide us with personal data at your own discretion and risk. International Data Transfers SoundCloud operates globally and may share your personal data internally within the SoundCloud Group and third parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Personal data collected within the EEA may, for example, be transferred to countries outside of the EEA for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We utilize appropriate safeguards such as Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, or another legally approved mechanism, to ensure the lawful transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA. The Standard Contractual Clauses can be accessed at any time here . Alternatively, you can request these documents from us using the contact details given below. Children SoundCloud is not intended for use by children. Anyone under the age of 16 in the EEA and UK, or 13 in the United States and the rest of the world, is not permitted to use the Platform and must not attempt to register an account or submit any personal data to us. We do not knowingly collect any personal data from any person who is under the age of 16 or 13, as the case may be, or allow them to register an account. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 16 or 13, as applicable, we will delete this personal data as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that we may have collected any such personal data, please notify us immediately at dataprotection@soundcloud.com . Our Activity On Social Networks To allow us to communicate with you on third party social networks and inform you about our services, we run pages on third party social networks. If you visit our pages on any of these third party social media pages, we and the provider of the third party social media network are joint controllers regarding the processing operations thereby triggered, which concern personal data. We are not the original provider of these pages, but only use them within the scope of the options offered to us by the respective providers. For our EU/EEA based users, we would like to point out that your personal data may also be processed outside of the EU or the EEA.Use of these networks may therefore involve data protection risks for you since the protection of your rights may be difficult, e.g. your right to information, erasure, objection, etc. Processing on social networks frequently takes place directly for advertising purposes or for the analysis of user behavior by network providers, and we have no control over this. If the provider creates user profiles, cookies are often used or user behavior may be assigned directly to your own member profile on the respective social network (if you are logged in). The processing operations of personal data described are carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests and the legitimate interests of the respective provider in order to communicate with you in a timely manner or to inform you about our services. If you get asked to grant your consent to the respective providers to process your personal data as a user, your consent is the legal basis for this processing. Since we have no access to these providers’ databases, we would like to point out that you would be best situated to exercise your rights (e.g. to information, rectification, erasure, etc.) directly with the respective provider. More information on the processing of your personal data on social networks and your options for exercising your right to object or your right of revocation (opt out) is listed below for each of the social network providers we use: Facebook - (Jointly) For Europe: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland Instagram - (Jointly) For Europe: Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland Twitter - (Jointly) For Europe: Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland LinkedIn - (Jointly) For Europe: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland TikTok - (Jointly) For Europe: TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. For Great Britain: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, WeWork, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, England Snapchat - (Jointly) Snap Inc., 2772 Donald Douglas Loop North Santa Monica, CA 90405, USA. For Europe: Snap Group Limited, 77 Shaftesbury Avenue, London, W1D 5DU, United Kingdom Twitch - (Jointly) Twitch Interactive, Inc., 225 Bush Street, 6th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA Your Choices and Controls We do our best to give you as much choice as possible regarding the amount of personal data you provide to us, and the control you have over that personal data. Managing SoundCloud Settings - If you register an account, you may manage the content and personal data you share when you use SoundCloud through your account Settings , including for the features explained below. You are solely responsible for keeping your Settings up-to-date. Email & Device Notifications – You can adjust your Settings in the “Notification” tab to disable email and device notifications (other than important service updates and essential notifications about the Platform or your account). All commercial emails and newsletters also allow you to unsubscribe at any time. Analytics – To control whether we collect analytics and usage information, including through cookies and similar technologies, you can adjust your Settings in the “Privacy” tab (“Cookie Manager”). Marketing – If you do not want to receive personalized ads, offers or other marketing messages for SoundCloud products or services, you can adjust your Settings in the “Privacy” tab (choose Communications in Your “Cookie Manager”). Advertising – If you do not want SoundCloud to deliver “interest based” or personalized ads for third party products, you can adjust your Settings in the “Advertising” tab. Please note, however, that even if you opt out of personalized ads, you may still see ads, but they will likely not be as relevant or useful to you. Material Sharing – It’s not possible to make your account entirely private. However, you do have the option to make all of your Tracks, playlists and other uploads private. This means that no one will be able to access and listen to your Tracks without your explicit permission. You can learn more about these settings here . Third Party Apps – If you have chosen to connect your account to a third-party application, like Facebook or Google, you can disable permission for the app by adjusting your Settings in the “Account” tab. Third Party Developers – SoundCloud has an open API, which allows third party developers to build some really cool apps as an extension of the Platform. If you would prefer that your Tracks are not made available to third party app developers, you can disable API access within the sound page for each of the Tracks that you upload. Click on the pencil icon below the waveform player, and navigate to the “Permissions” tab and uncheck the “enable app playback” box.Please note that your public profile information will still be accessible, but this does not include anything that is not publicly available on the Platform. Deleting Your SoundCloud Account – If you have an account and would like to delete it, you may do so by adjusting your Settings in the account tab. If you delete your account, all personal data associated with your account (except for backup copies), including the Tracks that you have uploaded and the usage data associated with those Tracks, will be deleted and may not be recoverable. We therefore advise you to copy or backup all Materials uploaded to your account before deletion. Even if you delete your account, it is possible that your personal data may still show up in some internet search results for a short while afterwards, if the search engine maintains a temporary cache of web pages. Search engines’ caching processes are outside of SoundCloud’s control and therefore we cannot be responsible for any personal data that remains cached by search engines after that personal data has been removed from the Platform. Please note that deleting any SoundCloud Apps, or any third party apps to which your account is connected, will not delete your account. Similarly, if you delete a third party app that is connected to your account over our API, this will not necessarily delete all personal data about your activity on the Platform from within that third party app. You will need to refer to the app provider’s terms of use and privacy policy to find out how to delete personal data about your activity on the Platform from that third party app. Messages From Other Users - If you do not want to receive messages from users you don’t follow, you can adjust your settings in the “Privacy” tab. If you want to block users, you will have to do so on their respective profiles. Any blocked user will be shown in your settings in the “Privacy” tab. Managing Device Settings On your mobile device, disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS phone’s settings, or enable the setting to “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings. To opt-out of location tracking when using our Apps, you can use the settings of your device. You can disable mobile analytics and bug reporting through these same settings as well. Managing Browser Settings You may also control cookies in your browser settings. You can modify your settings in most web browsers to accept or deny cookies or to request your permission each time a site attempts to set a cookie. You can also manually delete previously stored cookies at any time. Please note that if you choose to block cookies, doing so may impair the Platform or prevent certain elements of it from functioning. Exercising Your EU Privacy Rights If you are a user residing in the EU/EEA, you may exercise any of the rights described in this section through the Help Center or by contacting us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com . Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request. Data Access and Portability - You may be entitled to request copies of your personal data held by us. While a lot of the personal data you provide to us can be accessed in your account settings, you may also be entitled to request copies of personal data you have provided to us in machine-readable format. Change or Correct Data - Where you cannot update personal data yourself through an account, you have the right to ask us to correct, change, update or rectify your personal data. Data Retention and Deletion - We generally retain personal data for as long as is necessary to provide services to you under your account, i.e. as long as your contract is ongoing and for the sake of legal obligations, for 3 years following the end of the year in which your contract was canceled - or, for as long as is necessary to provide the Platform to you as a unregistered user. You have the right to ask us to delete all or some of the personal data we hold about you. If you have an account, you can also delete your account through the Settings at any time as described below. We may need to retain some of your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (e.g. under applicable tax or commercial law or to prevent fraud and abuse and maintain and enhance security). Afterwards, we delete the personal data immediately, unless we need the personal data until the expiry of the statutory period of limitation for the purpose of providing evidence for civil law claims or because of statutory storage obligations (e.g. for accounting reasons).Objection to Processing - You have the right to object to processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time (in particular, where we don’t have to process the personal data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests). If you object to such processing, SoundCloud will no longer process your personal data for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or obligations. Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to such processing of your personal data at any time and ask SoundCloud to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes. However, please be aware that any objection to processing will not necessarily have an impact on the personal data processing before such objection was made, thus such processing will generally be deemed as permissible and will be subject to the usual retention and deletion periods. Restriction of Processing - You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data where one of the following applies: your personal data is not accurate anymore; the processing is unlawful and instead of erasing the personal data you request the restriction of use; the personal data is no longer needed by us but required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; you have objected to the use and the decision on the legitimate grounds for objection is pending. Withdrawing Consent - Where you provide consent to the processing of your personal data by SoundCloud, you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account Settings or by sending a communication to SoundCloud specifying the specific consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal. Lodging Complaints - You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by SoundCloud before a competent data protection authority. A list of EU data protection authorities is available here . Notice To California Users Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California laws, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of personal data about California residents we have collected or disclosed within the preceding 12 months. Collection, Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information The following chart includes: (1) the categories of personal data, as listed in the CCPA, that we plan to collect and have collected and disclosed within the preceding 12 months; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we disclosed personal data for our operational business purposes or to which we sold personal data within the preceding 12 months.Identifiers, such as your name, email address, residential address, date of birth, profile picture, social security number, as well as IP addresses, device IDs, anonymous Repost user IDs, and other similar identifiers Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; content partners; social networks; contest sponsors; legal authorities Advertising partners Personal data as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, financial information, and tax identification number Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities None Characteristics about you that you choose to provide when you register an account on the Platform, which may include characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as (sex, age, gender, and race, and marital status) like any gender information Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; social networks; contest sponsors Advertising partners Commercial information, such as revenue and/or transaction information related to your content and use of the Platform and SoundCloud Direct Monetization Affiliates; service providers; business partners; joint marketing partners; contest sponsors None Financial, tax, and payment information you provide when you create an account or use certain features of the Platform Affiliates; service providers; business partners; legal authorities None Internet or network activity information, such as (browsing history, search history and interactions with our online properties or ads) Affiliates; service providers None General geolocation data, such as approximate location derived from IP address Affiliates; service providers; contest sponsors Advertising partners Audio, images, text, and other electronic information, such as the content you distribute through the Platform Affiliates; service providers; operating systems and platforms None Inferences drawn from any of the personal data listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics Affiliates; service providers; ad networks Advertising partners Sales of Personal Data - For purposes of the CCPA, the disclosure of personal data to our advertising partners to provide you with personalized ads may constitute a “sale” in some instances. We do not knowingly sell the personal data of individuals under the age of 16. Sources of Personal Data - As described above, we collect this personal data from you, from affiliates (e.g., SoundCloud) via single-sign ons, and from our trusted third-party service providers and business partners.Use of Personal Data - We may use this personal data to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to: To operate and maintain the Platform and your SoundCloud account and to provide you with access to and use of the Platform;To identify you as the creator of the Tracks that you upload and the comments that you post;To provide our newsletter to subscribers; To market and sell our products and services;To provide personalized content and ads;To perform market research studies and development;To perform data and business analytics;To detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, or other suspicious activity;To perform identity verification and authentication and prevent unauthorized or illegal activity;To process Subscription payments;To operate and maintain SoundCloud Direct Monetization To process user inquiries and requests;To perform security investigations and other risk assessments;To undertake quality assurance measures;To maintain our systems and infrastructure;To comply with law or exercise or defend legal claims;To prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms of Use, Community Guidelines or applicable law;To perform accounting, conduct audits and other internal functions; and To otherwise operate our business and achieve our business objectives CCPA Rights and Requests If you are a California resident, you may make the following requests: Request to Know - You may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request: The categories of personal data we’ve collected about you; and he categories of sources from which we collected such personal data;The specific pieces of personal data we collected about you;The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal data about you;The categories of personal data about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold such personal data; and The categories of personal data about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed; he categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such personal data; Request to Delete - You may request that we delete personal data we have collected from you. To make a Request to Know or a Request to Delete, please use the Help Center or contact us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or +1 833 993 2002. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the personal data subject to the request. We may request additional personal data from you in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests, such as your email address or a picture and then use that information to match it with information we already have. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your personal data. If you make a Request to Delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your personal data. If you want to make a Request to Know or Request to Delete as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident, you may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide, as applicable, proof concerning your status as an authorized agent, which also may include: Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California;Proof of a power of attorney from the resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4121-4130. If you are an authorized agent and have not provided us with a power of attorney from the resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4121-4130, we may also require the resident to: Verify the resident’s own identity directly with us; or Directly confirm with us that the resident provided you permission to make the request. Request to Opt Out - You may request to opt-out of any future “sale” of personal data about you by clicking here , by adjusting your Settings in the “Privacy” tab or by contacting us at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or +1 833 993 2002. If you want to make a Request to Opt Out as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident, you may use the submission methods noted above. As part of our verification process, we may request, as applicable: Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California;Signed permission that the resident has authorized you to make a Request to Opt-Out on the resident’s behalf. “Signed” means that the permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code 1633.7 et seq.Right to None-Discrimination - You also the right to be free from unlawful discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Your Right to Request Removal of Content - Pursuant to California Business & Professions Code section 22581, if you are a resident of California, under 18, and a registered user of the Platform, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Platform by writing to dataprotection@soundcloud.com . Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. Other Rights - You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request may be made once a year. Do-Not-Track Signals - We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. Contact Information If you have questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dataprotection@soundcloud.com or write to our Data Protection Officer at SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77 10115 Berlin, Germany Attention: Data Protection Officer. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Platform and update the “Last Amended” date below. Please be sure to periodically check this page to ensure that you are aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated to registered users by a notification to their account and/or by posting a notice of the change on the Website. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the effective date of such changes will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy. Last Amended: April 27th, 2022 Link to prior versions You will find a link to prior versions of our Privacy Policy and a summary of the change(s) below. January 2016 - Email-less sign-up and interest based advertising. June 2015 - Change in Analytics Services. August 2014 - Data available to OnSoundCloud users. July 2014 - Collecting gender information. March 2014 - Collecting month and year of birth. Legal Copyright About Cookie Manager Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Communications Communications These cookies allow us to show you personalized news, tips, and offers for SoundCloud products.If you turn this setting off, the communications you’ll see may be less relevant Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View CookiesPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:That's a wrap! Watch Cvent CONNECT sessions on demand. Main navigation Solutions div Event Marketing & Management Complete solution for virtual, in-person, and hybrid event success EMM Solutions Buttons Exchange Connecting planners and venues for standout events Exchange Cards Suppliers & Venues Solutions for group and transient business SVS Cards Resources column Resources promo column Support Column Support Promo Column Company Column Company Promo Column Utility navigation Search Main Navigation (EN-Mobile) Solutions Event Marketing & Management OverviewVirtual events Engaging, interactive virtual experiences In-person events Safe and impactful events of any size Hybrid events One event, two experiences™ Webinars Audience engagement, reimagined By solution By role By industry Exchange OverviewVenue Sourcing Find the perfect venue for your event Room Block Management Save time, eliminate the back-and-forth Corporate Hotel Rates Manage a preferred hotel program like a pro Venue Diagramming Design safe floor plans with ease By role By event type By industry Suppliers & Venues OverviewAttract Market to thousands of event planners Convert Manage your leads to win new business Manage Run your events more profitably Improve Attract more business travelers Corporate Travel Grow your corporate travel business By role By organization List Buttons Search cvent.com Privacy Policy Select your language from the list below. 体中文 Social menu Footer Sales About Popular products Free resources Support For suppliers & venues Copyright 2023 Cvent Inc. All rights reserved. LEGAL | PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE | YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service applyAdobe Experience Cloud … Adobe Marketo Measure (Bizible) Explore Adobe Experience Cloud SolutionsData insights & audiences Personalized insights & engagement Content management Content supply chain Commerce Customer journeys B2B Marketing Request a demo ProductsAnalytics Real-Time CDP Marketo Engage Commerce (Magento) Workfront Customer Journey Analytics Product Analytics Journey Optimizer Experience Manager Sites (CMS) Experience Manager Assets (DAM) View all products Artificial Intelligence Sensei Sensei GenAI ResourcesResource center Customer success stories Experience Cloud Blog SupportServices and support Training Help documentation Partners EventsAdobe Summit Marketo Engage Features FeaturesCross-channel engagement Sales insight Content personalization Marketing analytics See all features What we solveMarketing automation Account-based marketing Lead management Extensibility See all benefits Additional productsMarketo Measure (Bizible) Pricing Pricing Value add ons Competitive comparison Integrations Marketo Engage + Workfront Resources ResourcesAll resources Customer success Partners Learn & documentation Services & support Community IndustriesHealthcare Manufacturing Higher Education Financial Services High Tech Get started 1-800-685-4193 Adobe Experience Cloud Sign In Experience Cloud Commerce (Magento) Marketo Engage Workfront Adobe Account … Adobe Marketo Measure (Bizible) Adobe Marketo Measure (formerly Bizible) Bizible is now Adobe Marketo Measure Measure the value and ROI of every interaction across the customer journey with the industry’s leading B2B marketing attribution solution. Watch overview video Prove and improve your marketing impact. Unmatched insights Everytouch Attribution reveals which channels, campaigns, and content deliver the most pipeline, revenue, and ROI. More confident decisions Optimize your strategy and channel mix at every stage of your demand funnel based on highly granular performance data. Closer partnerships Align lead-based and account-based marketing with sales teams using data both teams can trust. Time-saving automations Simple setup, full automation, and machine learning give you fast answers, not more manual work and data wrangling. Ready to get started? To learn how you can make the most of Marketo Measure (Bizible), request a personalized consulation. Request a demo Drive higher ROI with accurate attribution. Track the complete B2B customer journey. Start with more valuable data. Great lead-based and account-based marketing attribution starts with a solid data foundation. Marketo Measure has a modern, touchpoint-based data model that delivers a wealth of information at each stage of the customer journey. Capture engagement across channels. Marketo Measure integrates with leading CRM, marketing automation, and ad providers to automatically capture each interaction across your online and offline marketing and sales channels. Know the details of every touchpoint. Go beyond barebones engagement tracking with our touchpoint record, which automatically gathers the deeper campaign, channel, content, and cost data you need. Turn data into insights into action. View easy-to-use dashboards. Put attribution insights into action with highly visual, intuitive dashboards that track marketing spend, ROI, funnel velocity and more. Get quick answers and a clear path towards a more optimized marketing mix. Tap into limitless CRM reporting. Key Marketo Measure data is shared with your CRM (Salesforce or Microsoft Dynamics), so you can easily run and share reports in that environment. From custom objects created in CRM to pre-built CRM reports and templates, you get robust reports that paint a more complete picture of your marketing’s effectiveness. Know every interaction’s worth. Marketo Measure lets you specifically attribute pipeline, revenue, and ROI to individual touch points—whether it’s paid media, website, email or even in-person events—so you can measure the value of every channel, campaign, and asset. Features that scale with your ambitions. Go deep with the Marketo Measure data warehouse. Empower marketers and data analysts to answer complex, business-specific marketing questions through ad-hoc analysis, presented through your choice of data visualization software. Fit your attribution to your business. Your buyers, demand funnel, and channel mix are unique, and Marketo Measure lets you customize your attribution reporting based on your existing marketing taxonomy and weighting. Make your data work even harder with advanced features.Marketo Measure has advanced features include account-based marketing attribution, predictive account engagement scoring, and boomerang journey stages so you can derive even deeper insights from your customers’ behaviors. The Total Economic Impact of Marketo Measure (Bizible) Companies implementing closed-loop attribution have seen a 15-18% lift in revenue. Evaluate the potential financial impact of Marketo Measure (Bizible) on your organization with the Forrester Total Economic Impact™ study. Get the report Thousands of data-driven marketers trust Marketo Measure. We are finally able to connect the dots between all the money we spend and closed/won revenue. Kevin Lissandrello Director, Demand Generation, Pitchbook Data Dive deeper into attribution in Marketo Engage. Learn more Let's talk about what Adobe Marketo Measure can do for your business. Request demo Contact us Request a demo Adobe.com 1-800-685-4194 Why Adobe Why partner with Adobe How we use our products Our partners Industry leadership Creative Cloud for Enterprise Document Cloud for Business About Experience Cloud Explore all products Adobe Experience Platform Adobe Analytics Adobe Experience Manager Sites (CMS) Adobe Experience Manager Assets (DAM) Marketo Engage Adobe Commerce Our solutions Data insights & audiences Experience management platform Content management Commerce Customer journeys B2B marketing Digital enrollment & onboarding Resources Resource center Customer success stories Experience Cloud Blog Experience League (learn & support) Community forums Glossary Development resources Company About Adobe Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor relations Supply chain Trust center Events Diversity & inclusion Integrity Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Bizible Multi-Touch Attribution in Adobe Marketo Engage Learn how multi-touch attribution in Bizible tracks and measures the value of every customer interaction. Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Locale Modalv2 We have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.comPrivacy Policy General Speaker Deck LLC collects e-mail addresses of people who send us e-mail. We also collect information on what pages consumers access and information provided to us by consumers via surveys and deck uploads. Such information may contain personal data about you including your address, phone numbers, credit card numbers etc. We are not allowed to disclose such personal information without your written permission. However, certain information collected from you and about you is used within the context of providing the Service. The information we collect is not shared with or sold to others except under the certain circumstances and which your use of the Service is deemed to provide us a valid consent to disclose the following: In order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Speaker Deck’s terms of service , or as otherwise required by law.Speaker Deck LLC does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested or when we have your permission.We will transfer information about you if Speaker Deck or Speaker Deck LLC is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Speaker Deck LLC will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the Speaker Deck web site before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. What we do with your information When you register for Speaker Deck we ask for your email address, a username, and optionally your first and last name. You do not need a credit card to sign up.Speaker Deck LLC uses the information we collect for the following general purposes: products and services provision, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research. Security The security of your personal information is important to us. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at support@speakerdeck.com . Disclosure Speaker Deck may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with court orders requiring us to do so or when your actions violate the Terms of Service . Data Storage Speaker Deck LLC owns the data storage, databases and all rights to the Speaker Deck application however we make no claim to the rights of your data. Cookies A cookie is a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Speaker Deck uses cookies to record current session information, our cookies generally last two weeks. You are required to log-in to your Speaker Deck account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing the content of your account. Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here or by means of a notice on our homepage so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. SpeakerDeck Top Categories Use Cases Resources Features Copyright © 2023 Speaker Deck, LLC. All slide content and descriptions are owned by their creators.We value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. We value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. What does Adobe do with your personal information? Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites: What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information? Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents: Questions? Contact us . Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Chat with usPrivacy Policy Last Updated: This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Crazy Egg, Inc. (“Crazy Egg”, “we”, “us”, “our”) on our websites located at the domains crazyegg.com, crazyeggvcr.com, and crazyeggproxy.com, as well as such other websites or mobile applications that we own or operate (individually and collectively, “Our Website” or the “Crazy Egg Website”). Scope of this Privacy Policy As further discussed, below, data protection laws, regulations, and directives in certain jurisdictions distinguish between the rights and responsibilities of “Controller(s)” of personal information or data (“Information”), from those who are “Processor(s)” of such Information or data on the applicable controllers’ behalf. Crazy Egg is generally the controller of Information that it collects from and about the persons and entities who are visiting Our Website (“Crazy Egg Visitors”), and this Privacy Policy applies to Crazy Egg Visitors. We also provide certain services to commercial persons and entities (each, a “Client” and collectively, “Clients”), who, in turn, own and operate their own websites or mobile applications (“Client Site(s)”), and who wish to utilize our code, software and services and reports (the “Service(s)”) to analyze how third party visitors to their Client Sites (“Client Site Visitor(s)”) use, interact with, and engage their Client Sites. The applicable Clients are the Controllers of Information collected from their Client Site Visitors, whether or not such information is accessed, analyzed, or otherwise utilized by or on behalf of the Client via the Service (“Client Visitor Information”); Crazy Egg is not the Controller of such Client Visitor Information. This Privacy Policy applies to the use of Services by our Clients. However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the Client Sites themselves, nor to any Client Visitor Information. For any questions regarding the privacy, security, or other practices or policies on the Client Sites, please contact the applicable Client. Information Collected from Crazy Egg Visitors Device Information from Crazy Egg Visitors We may receive and collect certain Information furnished by the visitor's browser or otherwise by their access device (“Device Information”), such as: Browser InformationOperating System InformationMobile Device Information (e.g., device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)IP address (stored in anonymized form)Page AccessedGeographic LocationTime of visit (by day, week, and duration)Whether the visitor is a new or return visitorOther such Information as may be delivered or shared by the applicable browser or access software or device. Referral Information We may also receive certain information regarding visitors from the prior website visited by such visitors (“Referral Information”). For instance, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from another website, Crazy Egg may receive certain information from the referring website (i.e., the last website the visitor visited before visiting the Crazy Egg Website) as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol ("HTTP") request. For example, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from a search engine, Crazy Egg may receive information contained in the referring URL for the applicable search query, such as the terms the Crazy Egg Visitor was searching for before visiting the Crazy Egg Website. Registration Information from Crazy Egg Clients When Crazy Egg Visitors register as Clients to use the Crazy Egg Service, register to use a trial version of the Crazy Egg Service, or request additional information about Crazy Egg, Crazy Egg may require Information, such as name, employer or company name, e-mail, mailing address, phone number, financial information (e.g., credit card number, billing address), and/or proposed Client Site to be tracked, to process the registration or request ("Client Registration Information"). Session Recording Information We may use session recording software on the Crazy Egg Website. This software enables us to record Crazy Egg Visitors’ use, interaction, and engagement with the Crazy Egg Website. This software may capture user input, such as mouse and keyboard inputs and mobile gestures, and user views, such as browser or screen output. We use this software to help us optimize Crazy Egg Visitors’ experience. By using the Crazy Egg Website, you consent to our use of session recording software. Crazy Egg’s Use of Crazy Egg Visitor Information Crazy Egg may use Information of Crazy Egg Visitors, including Device Information and Referral Information of Crazy Egg Visitors and Client Registration Information, to: authenticate Client’s access to the Crazy Egg Site, trial versions, or Service;process and fulfill Client requests or purchases;register Client accounts;check the Crazy Egg Visitor’s qualifications for registration and/or to bill Crazy Egg Clients for the Services.Crazy Egg may also use Client Information to: provide Crazy Egg's products and Services, personalize and tailor your experience on the Crazy Egg Website;operate our business;understand how Clients are engaging with Crazy Egg Website and Service;request additional information necessary to process or fulfill an order;assess Client satisfaction with the Crazy Egg Service;inform Clients that an upgrade is available; or to contact Clients with information about Crazy Egg, including information about new or existing products and services or special offers. For example, we may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and Services to the email address associated with a registered account. Otherwise for our legitimate business interests. If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Crazy Egg may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”. Use of Cookies by the Service As described in our Cookie Policy, the Service may utilize first-party cookies (small text files that Crazy Egg stores locally on a Client Site Visitor’s device) on Client Sites for one or more of the following purposes: to help identify whether a Client Site Visitor is a first time visitor, or has visited previously (provided that we will not store identifiers that can be used to personally identify such Client Site Visitors); assess usage patterns and perform traffic analysis; identify preferences; diagnose problems with our Service; analyze trends; and otherwise administer Crazy Egg products and services. Cookies placed by Crazy Egg on the computers of Client Site Visitors do not include Personally Identifiable Information such as name, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address, nor does Crazy Egg link cookies to such Personally Identifiable Information on our servers or databases. For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy, which is incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference. Information Collected by or on Behalf of Our Clients via the Service Crazy Egg Clients use the Service to obtain information regarding how Client Site Visitors to their Client Sites are interacting with such Client Sites. This Service allows a Crazy Egg Client to evaluate and potentially modify its Client Site based on its findings regarding Client Site Visitors use and interaction with the Client Site. Types of Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg Clients may use the Service to collect, store, and analyze Client Visitor Information, on the Client’s behalf as the Controller of such Client Visitor Information, on Crazy Egg's servers, as the Client’s Processor of such Client Visitor Information. Such Client Visitor Information is transmitted in encrypted form, and pursuant to applicable data transfer provisions further described below. The Service may process such Client Visitor Information on behalf of the Client, to perform analyses and produce reports for the Crazy Egg Client. The interactions that may be recorded or analyzed (“Recorded Interactions”) may include mouse scrolls and clicks by a Client Site Visitor; and/or pages viewed or visited by a Client Site Visitor, including the duration of such visits. Recorded Interactions may also include images of the Client Site that are recorded during the Client Site Visitor’s interactions with such Client Site, such as, by way of example, images of forms displayed or populated by the Client Site Visitor on the Client Site, or other multimedia content that may be posted by Client Site Visitors. Such Client Visitor Information may also include Device Information and/or Referral Information from the Client Site Visitor. Client Visitor Information is provided to Clients in the form of aggregated reports and/or statistics that identify the collective behavior of Client Visitors to the Client's Site.Clients will also have access to Recorded Interactions through the Service. Our Processing of Client Visitor Information. As the Processor of Client Visitor Information, we will process Client Visitor Information only in compliance with the applicable Client’s instructions regarding the processing of Client Visitor Information, including any applicable terms , but subject to applicable laws and regulations regarding such Client Visitor Information, and as otherwise required by applicable law and regulations. Crazy Egg Disclaimers Regarding Personally Identifying Information of Client Site Visitors. Crazy Egg's Service is not designed to knowingly collect or extract from Client Visitor Information (including any Recorded Interactions or Device Information received from Client Sites through the Service) information that could be used to personally identify Client Site Visitors, such as a Client Site Visitor’s name, address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information") when a Client Site Visitor visits a Client Site that uses the Crazy Egg Service. Crazy Egg also generally prohibits Clients from collecting Personally Identifiable Information using the Service or otherwise providing Personally Identifiable Information of Client Site Visitors to Crazy Egg in connection with the Service. Crazy Egg Does Not Collect Visitor Information Across Multiple Sites Crazy Egg does not collect or aggregate information about visitor behavior on multiple, different websites. Retention and Deletion of Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg will retain Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable terms and as required by applicable law. Client agrees and acknowledges that the deletion of Client Visitor Information may affect the delivery or performance of the Service. Crazy Egg will comply with such instructions to delete Client Visitor Information as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require retention or earlier deletion. Crazy Egg may retain Client Registration Information as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the other terms . This may include keeping Client Registration Information after the account has been deactivated as needed for Crazy Egg to pursue legitimate business interests, record keeping procedures, legal compliance, preservation of rights, security purposes, and enforcement of legal and contractual rights. Client agrees and acknowledges that it will be responsible for exporting any Client Visitor Information or Client Registration Information that it wishes to retain following the termination of the terms Crazy Egg's Sharing and Disclosure of Crazy Egg Visitor Information and Client Visitor Information. This section describes the manner and extent to which Crazy Egg may share and disclose Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary below or elsewhere herein, as between a Client and Crazy Egg, the Client is solely responsible for its policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Client Visitor Information as the Controller of such Information. Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client Visitor Information. Except to the limited extent described otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg never sells or shares any Client Visitor Information with individuals or companies other than the specific Client from whose Client Site Crazy Egg collected the Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client’s Personally Identifiable Information. With the exception of the limited circumstances discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg does not provide Clients' Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for any purpose. Disclosure Pursuant to the Client’s Instructions. Crazy Egg will share and disclose Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable Terms , and otherwise in compliance with but subject to applicable laws and regulations. Subprocessors. We may utilize affiliates or third parties as subprocessors of the Information, to support the Services, and otherwise to support the conduct of our business, to provide, by way of example, service such as computing and storage services. We will use subprocessors subject to contracts that are substantially as protective of Personally Identifiable Information as those contained herein, and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with Article 28(3) of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. For further information regarding our use of subprocessors, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Our Affiliates.We may share Information hereunder with our corporate affiliates provided that such affiliates are obligated, contractually or otherwise under applicable laws, to be bound by our obligations with respect to such Information. Change of Control. If Crazy Egg, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by another company or successor entity, the Information hereunder will be one of the assets transferred or acquired by the purchaser or successor. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any purchaser of or successor to Crazy Egg or its assets may continue to collect, use and disclose your Information as set forth in this policy. Payment Processors. Like many companies that accept payment by credit card, Crazy Egg relies on third-party payment processors to process financial payments. When you make payments to Crazy Egg to obtain or use Crazy Egg's products or services, Crazy Egg may share Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, address, and credit card information, with qualified third parties in order to process your order. Law Enforcement/Legal Process. Crazy Egg reserves the right to disclose any Information (including Personally Identifiable Information): (1) to comply with any law, regulation, or legal request, if and to the extent that we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process; (2) to enforce, apply, or investigate breaches of the Terms or other agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property, user experience, or safety of Crazy Egg, our employees, our users, our Clients, or others. Aggregated, Anonymized, Pseudonymized, or De-identified Information. We may disclose or use aggregated, anonymized, pseudonymized, or otherwise de-identified Information for any purpose. Transfer of Data Abroad; International Users. Our Website is directed to visitors from the United States of America. If you are visiting Our Website or a Client Site from a country other than the United States of America the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. By using Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States. If we are asked by a Client to transfer Personally Identifying Information from a Client Site in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom to other countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regulations under applicable data protection law, we will offer to enter into the European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, or such other equivalent clauses issued by the applicable country, with the Client. To request to enter into such clauses, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Security and Protection of Visitor Information and Client Information Crazy Egg implements security mechanisms to protect Visitor Information and Client Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Examples of these security mechanisms include limited and password-protected access, firewalls, and SSL encryption to protect transmission of data, as further described above and in our Terms of Use . For additional questions or information regarding our security standards, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Policy Concerning Children Under Age of 16 Crazy Egg does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 16. If we learn that we have Personally Identifiable Information of a child under age 16, we will remove it. If you believe we have Personally Identifiable Information about a child under the age of 16, please notify us at privacy@crazyegg.com. Changes to Our Privacy Policy Crazy Egg retains the discretion to amend or modify this policy from time to time. Use and disclosure of Information we obtain is subject to the later of: (1) the policy in effect at the time such visitor Information or Client Information is collected or (2) any subsequent policy to which you agree or of which you have notice, if you elect to use Crazy Egg or a Crazy Egg Client Site (including the Crazy Egg Website) following such acceptance or notice. If we make material changes in the way we use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you through one or more of the following means: a direct communication to your Crazy Egg account, a communication to the e-mail address associated with your account, or a clear and prominent announcement on the Crazy Egg Website.Your continued access to or use of Crazy Egg or websites that use Crazy Egg following notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute consent to any amendments and/or modifications. For More Information / Your Information Rights Privacy Officer / Notices. Crazy Egg welcomes any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, including regarding any disclosure of third party information for direct marketing purposes. Any such comments or questions should be submitted via e-mail to: privacy@crazyegg.com. Access to Personally Identifiable Information or other Information Stored at Crazy Egg At any time, a Crazy Egg Client or Crazy Egg Visitor may access and/or modify their Personally Identifiable Information or other Information stored by Crazy Egg on their behalf, to enable them to access, rectify and restrict processing of their respective Information, and allow them to export their Information, by accessing their Crazy Egg account and contacting us at privacy@crazyegg.com. California Information Rights. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Shine the Light” law), California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year certain disclosures about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information, and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared personal information, for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2019 sharing activities). To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@crazyegg.com with a subject line of “Request for California Privacy Information.” Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. Do-Not-Track Signals Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Our practices with respect to such signals are set forth in https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out . Manage my cookie preferences Make the most of every visitor FeaturesOpens in new window Overview Opens in new window Snapshots Opens in new window Recordings Opens in new window A/B Testing Opens in new window Traffic Analysis Opens in new window Errors Tracking Opens in new window Surveys Opens in new window Goals Opens in new window CTAs Crazy Egg ForOpens in new window Agencies Opens in new window E-Commerce Opens in new window Lead Gen Opens in new window Education Opens in new window Shopify Opens in new window Enterprise ResourcesOpens in new window Case Studies Opens in new window FAQ Opens in new window Help Center Opens in new window Contact Us Opens in new window Blog Opens in new window Free Trial Opens in new window Careers Opens in new window Pricing LegalOpens in new window Terms of Use Opens in new window Privacy Policy Opens in new window Cookie Policy Opens in new window Opt-out SocialOpens in new window Facebook Opens in new window Youtube Opens in new window Twitter Opens in new window LinkedIn © Crazy Egg, Inc. 2023 close modal This website uses cookies We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg. Customize your cookies We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg. Essential cookies toggle marketing cookie consent Cookies that are essential to the use and operation of our website and services. Marketing and advertising toggle marketing cookie consent Cookies that are used by Crazy Egg to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information. Analytics toggle analytics cookie consent Cookies that help us understand how visitors engage with our website, such as usage statistics, or to reconstruct viewed UI elements in order to improve our services.Privacy Policy Date: 3 May 2023 Version number: 7 Language English We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties. Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“ Hotjar ”, “ We ”, “ Us ” and “ Our ”) when You visit www.hotjar.com in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “ Site ”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform. This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data. We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our Terms of Service , Data Processing Agreement , Acceptable Use Policy and this Privacy Policy). All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service and in the Applicable Law. Information about Hotjar Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place. Personal Data Collected by Hotjar The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is: A visitor to the Hotjar SiteA Customer or user (the “ User ”) of the Hotjar Platform A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site ( hotjar.com ) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g. help.hotjar.com , etc.). Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s Acceptable Use Policy . Usage Data When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Cookies Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to: operate Our Site;provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and for marketing purposes, as detailed below. For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our Cookie Information page . Contacting Us Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive. If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked.This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform. When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent. We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our Terms of Service for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor. We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form. A Customer may delete their Hotjar account at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time. We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law. Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews (" Interviews "). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match. We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms. The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform.The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Hotjar’s use of Personal Data Access and Disclosure to Third Parties We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include: Vendors/public institutions. To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our Terms of Service . Communication Purposes We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.Marketing Purposes We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to: Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; andPotential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics. The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for. This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”. Compliance and Protection We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses): protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);enforce Our Terms of Service (Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR). Benchmarking Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type. No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data. The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“ Contentsquare ”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare. The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. No Data which can individually identify end-users of a Hotjar Enabled Site will be shared with Contentsquare. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. Other Purposes with Your Consent In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. Duration of Processing Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in Our Pricing Page, Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law. International Transfers of Personal Data In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws.Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on Data Storage . Children’s Information Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future. Rights over Personal Data If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us. When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority. To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform. To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address. If You are located in California… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what Categories of Personal Data Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws. Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age. Non-Discrimination. California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . If You are located in Brazil… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD). In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to: access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar; unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data; oppose to the processing carried out; and/or receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial. If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site). When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy. This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site. When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our Terms of Service , and Our Acceptable Use Policy . You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting Our Site . If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s Sub-Processors which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information). Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our Do Not Track page . Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer. Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy Version 6.2 ( compare markup changes between version 6.2 and 7 ) Looking for monthly wisdom? Sign up for Hotjar content straight to your inbox. I have read and accept the conditions outlined in the privacy policy . Contact Sales Products Solutions Resources Company Compliance Copyright © 2014 - 2023 Hotjar Ltd. All rights reserved. Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com Essential Cookies These cookies ensure our website and its features work correctly. To the extent personal data is processed via essential cookies, the respective legal basis is our legitimate interest. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These include cookies that help us monitor site traffic and analytics, as well as cookies that enable us to run tests and optimize our site’s experience. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies Cookies that allow us to tailor and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Such cookies may be capable of understanding your interests, across other sites and building up a profile that is used for remarketing purposes. If you do not allow these cookies you may experience less tailored advertisements. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeTwitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.Vimeo Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 30, 2023 This Privacy Policy explains the information that Vimeo collects when you use its products and services, how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices. 1. Introduction Who we are and what we do This Privacy Policy covers Vimeo.com, Inc. (collectively, “Vimeo,” “we” “us” or “our”). We provide online video hosting, sharing and related services through our owned-and-operated websites, including Vimeo.com and Livestream.com, our branded applications for mobile and connected devices, and our embeddable video players (collectively, the “services”). Acceptance and Changes By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy . If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods. 2. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Vimeo without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by contacting us at privacy@vimeo.com . 3. Data We Collect About You We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as "your data" for short. Account Information To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Google), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform. Financial Information To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e. in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged. If you wish to sell items or earn money from advertising through our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number. Content You Submit You may upload and create content such as videos, text, photographs, and artwork. Your account profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, closed captions, descriptions, tags, etc.) may be viewable by others. You may choose to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see Section 9 . Your interactions during events such as live streams and webinars, or with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," poll responses) may be seen by others. Capture Forms You may submit information through a capture form set up by a video owner or webinar host. This information will be received by both Vimeo and the video owner and is subject to both Vimeo's Privacy Policy as well as the video owner's privacy policy. Except where Vimeo is the video owner, Vimeo will not use any information you submit through such forms for direct marketing purposes. Other Information You May Submit You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; applying for a job; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user. Automatically-Collected Information We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our Cookie Policy .Physical Products We collect your shipping address to send you products you have ordered. Information Collected by Third Parties Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners). We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services. 4. How We Use Your Data We may use your data for the following purposes: Identification and authentication: We use your data to verify you when you access your account. Operating our services: We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned. Communicating with you: We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry). Improving our services: We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyze aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts). Customizing your experience: We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices. Marketing and advertising: We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Exercising our rights: Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service. Legal compliance: We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order. Protecting your information: Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data. We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above. Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply: Performance of a contract;Legitimate commercial interest;Compliance with a legal obligation; orConsent If you require further information about the balancing test that Vimeo has undertaken to justify its reliance on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, see Section 15 for information on how to contact us. 5. With Whom We Share Your Data We share data with third parties as follows: As you instruct: We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access. With your consent: We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so. Authorized vendors: We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, and shipment vendors. Advertising: We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Analytics: We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services. We may also share identifying analytics information with the hosts of webinars you attend, or users of your organization-administered account (see below for more details). Affiliates and advisors: We may share your data with our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered. Certain legal situations: We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in Section 6. Aggregated or anonymized information: We may publicly disclose non-personal aggregated or anonymized information such as our number of visitors and registered users.We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share. Organization-Administered Accounts You may create a Vimeo account using an email address provided or assigned to you by an organization (such as your work email address). If the organization establishes a direct relationship with us, they may convert your personal account to become part of the organization's account. This means the organization may: Access information about your account activity;Take control of the account, including any content whether uploaded before or after the date that the organization converts your account to the organization's account; and/orDelete your account. If you sign up for a Vimeo account using an email address issued to you by an organization, Vimeo may share your personal information (e.g., name, email address) with such organization. If you do not want an organization to access or otherwise control an account, use a personal email address and do not use an organizational email address when creating an account. 6. Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("requests") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings. We direct law enforcement agencies to our Law Enforcement Guidelines page. We handle U.S. requests in accordance with U.S. law. If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both U.S. law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help. We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) along with the data identifying the uploading user. We may disclose user data in situations involving legal claims against us or one of our users. If you submit a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) or other takedown notice, we may share that notice with the affected user. If you challenge such a notice, we may share your response with the complainant. We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy. 7. Data Retention We retain your data for as long as you have an account. When you close an account, we will delete its content, including its videos. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics and security purposes); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining data, we will delete or anonymize it. We retain deleted videos on our servers for a short period in case you wish to reverse deletion. Once we delete a video, we may not be able to recover it. If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time. We have no control over search engines; however, we will, upon request, send a request for deletion to major search engines. If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights. 8. Your Privacy Choices We enable you to make numerous choices about your data: You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.You may change your account and video privacy settings. See Section 9 for more details.You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us. See Section 10 for more details. You may limit the use of cookies. See our Cookie Policy for options.You may backup your videos.You may close your account (which will delete all videos) or delete certain videos. Users in certain jurisdictions may have additional rights. See Section 14 for more details. 9.Account and Video Privacy Settings As part of our services we offer you the ability to limit the distribution of your content, including your videos. This section explains some of your choices. Profile Some of our online subscription plans enable you to "hide" your profile or otherwise make it inaccessible on our website. Your profile will, however, remain accessible to persons who have access to your account or content. Team Members Some of our subscription plans enable you to grant account-level access rights to others. Persons with such access (" Team Members ") may be able to see and potentially alter your data. You may revoke or downgrade Team Member access at any time. Videos We enable you to manage the privacy settings of your videos. On Vimeo.com, for example, your options, which depend on your subscription plan, may include: Public: Your video will be publicly-available. Private: Your video will be available to you and authorized Team Members. Unlisted: Your video will be available to anyone who has the unique URL. Password: Your video may be accessed by anyone who enters the password you have set. You may change a video's privacy settings at any time. Changes will be applied on a go-forward basis. You may create a sharable link to your video for the purpose of sharing your video with others or embedding your video on a third-party website (including your own). Creating such a sharable link will override your privacy settings and will allow anyone who enters the link in a browser to view your video without restriction. Similarly, embedding your video on a publicly-available website will allow the public to view your video regardless of your privacy settings. You should exercise caution in granting access to others (whether through link sharing or passwords). Once you have granted access to someone else, you lose a degree of control over the distribution of your video as those persons may share the password and/or link with other people. Regardless of your profile or video privacy settings, Vimeo reserves the right to inspect them for compliance with its Terms of Service , to provide customer support, or to address technical issues. 10. Communications from Us Emails If you create an account, you may receive commercial emails from us. This includes newsletters and offers. You may always opt out from receiving commercial messages in your account settings. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account). Mobile Device Communications We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time. 11. Protecting Your Information We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account without your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can investigate. 12. Your Responsibilities You may receive other people's data in using our service. If you receive information from other users, you must process that information in compliance with your published privacy policy and all applicable laws, including those concerning privacy, data security, and online marketing. 13. Third-Party Services We may provide access to online services that we do not own or operate via hyperlinks or integrations. These services fall outside of this Privacy Policy and we have no control over the data they collect. Once on a third-party site, your data may be collected by others. We encourage you to read our Third-Part y Service Addendum and the privacy policies of such services before using them. You may use our service through third-party sites. For example, you may watch a video that is embedded on a third-party site or use one of our apps on a third-party platform. This Privacy Policy covers our apps and video players, but does not cover any third-party site or any third-party video player. 14. International Data Transfers and Certain User Rights 14.1 Location of Data Vimeo is based in the United States.We provide services globally using computer systems, servers, and databases located in the U.S. and other countries. When you use our services from outside of the U.S., your information may be transferred to and processed in the U.S.. Please note that U.S. data and privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Residents of certain countries may be subject to additional protections as set forth in Sections 14.2 and 14.3 below. 14.2 GDPR (EEA and UK Users) This Section 14.2 applies only to natural persons residing in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (for the purpose of this section only, "you" or "your" shall be limited accordingly). It is Vimeo's policy to comply with the EEA's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In accordance with the GDPR, we may transfer your personal information from your home country to the U.S. (or other countries) based upon the following legal bases: Legitimate business interests: We could not provide our services or comply with our legal obligations without transferring your personal information to the U.S.Our use of Standard Contractual Clauses (also known as "Model Clauses") where appropriate. You have the right to: opt out of non-essential cookies (see our Cookie Policy ); access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; be forgotten; port your data; and withdraw consents. We enable exercise of these rights primarily through our services (which we reserve the right to modify). For example, we allow users to change their information, download their videos, and close their accounts. We also fulfil our obligations in response to direct requests. We will endeavor to process requests within one month. Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to the extent that they would cause us to violate any law or infringe any other person's rights. We reserve the right to request appropriate identification. We will process requests free of charge unless they would impose an unreasonable cost on us. If you have a request, complaint or inquiry, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the address listed in Section 15 . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any issue. You also have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory data protection authority of your jurisdiction. 14.3 U.S. State Privacy Disclosures and Consumer Rights Additional details about Vimeo’s data collection, use, and third-party disclosures can be found in our U.S. State Privacy Notice . 15. How to Contact Us For any questions, inquiries, or complaints relating to your privacy, please contact us at: Vimeo.com, Inc. Attention: Data Protection Officer 330 West 34th Street, 5th Floor New York, New York 10001 Privacy@vimeo.com Alternatively, if you are in the UK or EU/EEA and would like to exercise your rights or have questions about our processing of personal data, you may contact our local representative for EU/EEA or the UK. For the EU/EEA: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-Germany, Noerdliche Muenchner Str 47, 82031 Gruenwald/Munich, Germany ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . For the UK: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-UK, Golden Cross House, 8 Duncannon Street, Greater London WC2N4JF, London, England ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . Use cases Product Resources Apps Vimeo © 2023 Vimeo.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Language: English Mature content filter: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising.Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective as of February 15, 2023 Catamorphic, Co. dba LaunchDarkly (“LaunchDarkly,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) provides this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) that describes how we collect, use, and disclose your information. This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you access or use our website or other online or mobile service (collectively, the “Services”) that links to or otherwise presents this Privacy Policy to you, including www.launchdarkly.com . It also applies to personal data we collect about you offline, such as when you contact us by phone or communicate with us in person. This Policy does not apply to information we process as a data processor or service provider on behalf of our customers. LaunchDarkly does not control how customers use information LaunchDarkly processes on their behalf, and you should consult with the applicable customer to understand how they use information they receive from LaunchDarkly. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, you acknowledge the applicability of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use the Services or provide us with information. Table of contents 1. The Data We Collect We collect data about you as described below when we provide our Services. Please note that we need certain types of information to provide the Services to you. If you do not provide us with such information, or if you ask us to delete that information, you may no longer be able to access or use certain aspects of the Services. a. Information you provide directly to us We may collect information that you provide directly to us through: Your use of the Services;Your communications with us, such as when you inquire about our Services or contact customer support;Your registration for the Services, including when you register for trial accounts;Your subscription to newsletters or updates; andYour in-person communications with us, such as through conferences or events. Information you provide directly to us may concern you and others and may include, but is not limited to: Contact Information and Identifiers. You may provide us with contact information or other personal identifiers, such as your name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number.Financial Information. We may collect payment information for our Services, such as when we engage payment processors to collect your payment information.Business Information. We may collect general information about your employment or business, such as a business title, business phone, business email address, business product and service offerings, and other information you provide us when communicating with us. Transaction Information. We may collect information about transactions with you, such as purchases, purchase amount, and date of purchase;Communications. We may collect your communications with us, such as when you submit questions, communicate with our customer support, or otherwise communicate with LaunchDarkly. You are not required to provide us with such information, but certain features of the Services may not be accessible or available, absent the provision of the requested information. b. Information from affiliates and non-affiliated parties We may collect information about you or others through our affiliates or through non-affiliated parties. We may also collect information about you from other users. For example, users may provide us with information about colleagues or other prospective users of our Services. We may combine information that we collect from you through the Services with information that we obtain from such other parties and information derived from other products or Services we provide. c. Information we collect automatically Device/Usage Information . We and our vendors, which include ad networks and analytics companies such as Google Analytics, may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about the computers or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Services. As described further below, we may collect and analyze information including but not limited to (a) browser type; (b) ISP or operating system; (c) domain name; (d) access time; (e) referring or exit pages; (f) page views; (g) IP address; (h) unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFA or Android ID); (i) version of our Services you’re using; and (j) the type of device that you use. We may also track when and how frequently you access or use the Services, including how you engage with or navigate our website or mobile application. We use this information (including the information collected by our vendors) for analytics (including to determine which portions of the Services are used most frequently and what our users like/do not like), to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies . We and our vendors may use cookies, clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other technologies that help us better understand user behavior, personalize preferences, perform research and analytics, and improve the Services. These technologies, for example, may allow us to tailor the Services to your needs, save your password in password-protected areas, track the pages you visit, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of our Services. We or our vendors also may use certain of these technologies in emails to our customers to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but your browser may allow you to modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you disable cookies, you may be prevented from taking full advantage of the Services, because the Services may not function properly. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods. We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Please note that DNT is different from the Global Privacy Control referenced in Section 11 below. Location Information . When you use the Services, we may collect general location information (such as general location inferred from an IP address). 2. How We Use the Data We Collect We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as: To provide you with the Services;To respond to your questions and inquiries, including to provide customer support and technical assistance;To communicate with you, including to send you emails about our products and services;To send service notices;To process transactions with you;To analyze and improve the Services or any other products and services we provide;To verify your identity;To comply with our legal obligations or as permitted by law; To protect the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, other parties, members of the public, and/or our Services;To conduct analysis and develop insights that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions and report on our business;To prevent fraud and enforce our legal terms; andTo administer and troubleshoot the Services. We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Services. We may use de-identified or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes and may also disclose such data to other parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others. 3. When We Disclose Data We Collect We may disclose the information we collect in the following circumstances: Affiliates and Subsidiaries. We may disclose information to our affiliates and subsidiaries. Vendors . We disclose your information to select vendors who perform services on our behalf. They provide a variety of services to us, including data storage, analytics, billing, marketing, product content and features, customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. Safety and Protection of LaunchDarkly and Others . We may disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to (i) protect or defend the rights, safety, or property of LaunchDarkly or other parties, including to defend or enforce our Privacy Policy, our Terms of Service, or any other contractual arrangement or (ii) respond to your requests for customer service; and/or (iii) protect the rights, property or personal safety of LaunchDarkly, its agents and affiliates, its employees, users and/or the public. Legal Requirements . We may disclose certain information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to comply with any law enforcement, legal, or regulatory process, such as to respond to a warrant, subpoena, court order, or other applicable laws and regulations. Business Transfers . We may disclose certain information, in connection with or during negotiations or closing of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Consent/At Your Direction . We may disclose your information to nonaffiliated parties based on your consent to do so. For example, you may direct us to disclose information about you when you refer us or our Services to your colleagues or other acquaintances. 4. Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising a. Analytics We may use third-party web analytics services on the Services, such as those of Google Analytics. These vendors use the sort of technology described in the “Information we collect automatically” section above to help us analyze how users use the Services, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive.The information collected by the technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these vendors, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Services. We also use Google Analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as described in the following section. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on . b. Tailored Advertising We may also allow third-party advertising technologies to place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about your use of the Services in order to (a) inform, optimize, and serve marketing content based on past visits to our websites and other sites and (b) report how our marketing content impressions and interactions with these marketing impressions are related to visits to our websites. We also allow other unaffiliated parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google Analytics) to serve tailored marketing to you and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may disclose to a vendor in hashed, non-human-readable form. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored marketing, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Link , the Digital Advertising Alliance's (“DAA”) Consumer Opt-Out Link , and/or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, you can visit the Google Ads Settings page . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertising content even if you opt out of tailored advertising. In that case, the advertising content may not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out pages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your opt-out may no longer be effective. 5. Your Choices a. Rights and choices You have certain rights and choices with respect to your information such as: Profile Information: You can update certain of your profile information by accessing your account.Marketing Communications: You can unsubscribe from marketing emails by following the directions in those emails. Please note that if you unsubscribe from marketing emails, we may still send you administrative emails regarding the Services, including, for example, notices of updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.Cookies & Analytics: You can opt out of certain cookie-related and analytics processing by following the instructions in this Privacy Policy. Your local law may provide you certain rights with respect to your personal information. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may request that we: provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling);update information which is out of date or incorrect;delete certain information that we are holding about you;restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;transfer your information to a third-party provider of services; and revoke your consent for the processing of your information. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include needing to continue processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section below. b. Additional rights of residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom LaunchDarkly is considered the “data controller” of the personal data we handle under this Privacy Policy.In other words, LaunchDarkly is responsible for deciding how to collect, use and disclose this data, subject to applicable law. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows: Contractual Commitments: We may use or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your personal data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use or disclose information on the basis of your consent.Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues. Legal Compliance: We need to use and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations. In addition to those rights described herein, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern. c. Additional rights of residents of California Please see the Supplementary Notice for California Residents in Section 11 below for notices and additional information for residents of California. d. Additional rights of residents of Nevada If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal data to unaffiliated parties. You can exercise this right by contacting us as described in the “Contact Us” section below with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. We do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. 6. Children’s Privacy The Services are not designed for minors under 18. Only persons 18 years of age or older may use the Services. If we discover that an individual under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will close the account and delete the personal information to the extent required by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We may, where permitted by law, retain certain information internally for purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 7. Security LaunchDarkly implements technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, we do not promise and cannot guarantee the security of your personal data or communications. If you have reason to believe that your data or someone else’s data is no longer secure, please contact security@launchdarkly.com . 8. Data Retention We keep your information for the time necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and your choices, after which time we may delete and/or aggregate it. We may also retain and use this information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 9. Consent to Transfer Our services are global and data may be stored and processed in the United States and other countries outside the United States which may have data protection laws that differ from the laws in your country. By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance, and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable countries in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as, or equivalent to, those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. 10. Third-Party Links The Services may contain links to third-party websites or services. We are not responsible for the content or practices of those websites or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party websites or services, and not this Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties. 11. Supplementary Notice for California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”) requires us to provide some additional information to California residents. This Section 11 only applies to you if you are a California resident.This Section 11 does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants, as such information practices are described in separate policies. a. Categories of information we collect Section 1 above describes the information we collect from and about you, Section 2 describes the purposes for which we use this information, and Section 3 describes when and to whom we disclose data. The CCPA requires us to list the personal information we collect by category along with the purposes of its use and the unaffiliated parties to which it is disclosed.Categories of information (see Section 1 above for more information) Purpose of use Categories of other parties to whom we disclose the information for business and operational purposes (see Section 3 above for more information) Identifiers such as name, address, and email address, and telephone number; and information about your browser or device such as IP address and device IDs Provide the ServicesRespond to your questions and inquiries, including to provide customer supportCommunicate with you, including to send you emails about our products and ServicesSend you service notificationsProcess transactions with youAnalyze and improve the Services or any other products and services we provideVerify your identityComply with our legal obligations and as permitted by lawProtect the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third parties, members of the public, and/or our Services Conduct analysis and develop insights that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions and report on our businessPrevent fraud and enforce our termsAdminister and troubleshoot the servicesAdvertising and market our products and servicesAffiliates and subsidiariesVendors and service providersAd networks and advertising partnersEntities for legal and security purposesEntities for sales or transfer of business or assets Others with your consent Commercial information such as information about your transactions with us, for example, products or services you have purchased Provide the Services Communicate with you, including to send you emails about our products and ServicesSend you service notificationsProcess transactions with youAnalyze and improve the Services or any other products and services we provideComply with our legal obligations and as permitted by lawProtect the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third parties, members of the public, and/or our ServicesPrevent fraud and enforce our terms Advertising and analyticsAffiliates and subsidiariesVendors and service providersAd networks and advertising partnersEntities for legal and security purposesEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOthers with your consent Financial information such as credit card information stored by our payment processors on our behalf Provide the Services Process transactions with youComply with our legal obligations and as permitted by lawProtect the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third parties, members of the public, and/or our ServicesPrevent fraud and enforce our termsService providers for payment processing purposesEntities for legal and security purposes Internet network and device activity data such as information about your device hardware (e.g., device type) and software (e.g., operating system and browser type) and browsing and usage information (e.g., how often you visit our Services, the pages you visit, referring pages, and the version of the Services you’re using) All the same purposes for which we may use Identifiers (see above)Affiliates and subsidiariesVendors and service providersAd networks and advertising partnersEntities for legal and security purposesEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOthers with your consent Geolocation information such as your approximate location based on IP address All the same purposes for which we may use Identifiers (see above), except for advertising and analytics.Affiliates and subsidiariesVendors and service providersAd networks and advertising partnersEntities for legal and security purposesEntities for sales or transfer of business or assetsOthers with your consent Audio or visual information such as when you call customer service Provide the Services Communicate with you, including to send you emails about our products and ServicesProcess transactions with youComply with our legal obligations and as permitted by lawProtect the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third parties, members of the public, and/or our ServicesPrevent fraud and enforce our termsAffiliates and subsidiariesVendors and service providersEntities for legal and security purposes Others with your consent Other information any other information you provide to us that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as information you include in emails or other communications to us Purposes of use will depend on the additional information you provideDisclosure will depend on the additional information you provide We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Services; (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as marketers and other users. b.Your CCPA rights If you are a California resident, the CCPA may permit you to request that we: Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information; and the categories of personal information we “sell.”Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.Delete certain information we have about you. Correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. You also have the right to opt out of “sales” and “sharing” of personal information, as described in subsection c below. You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request using one of the methods in Section 13, “Contact Us,” below. You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request, and we may request additional information from you in order to do this. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us. c. Sales and sharing of personal information We may disclose your personal information to third parties for purposes of analytics and advertising. We provide information to analytics providers to better understand how consumers use the Services so we can improve the Services and create new products and services. We may also provide personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide you with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our services. Under the CCPA, disclosing personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” The following chart lists the categories of personal information we have sold or shared over the last 12 months and the categories of third parties to which we have sold or shared: Category of personal information Categories of Third Parties to Which we Have “Sold” this PI Categories of Third Parties to Which we Have “Shared” this PI Identifiers Ad networks and advertising partners; analytics providers Ad networks and advertising partners Commercial information Ad networks and advertising partners; analytics providers Ad networks and advertising partners Internet network and device activity data Ad networks and advertising partners; analytics providers Ad networks and advertising partners To opt out of our online disclosure such as through cookie and pixel technology of your personal information for purposes that could be considered “sales” or “sharing,” please click here . You can also submit a request to opt out of our offline disclosures of information that are subject to applicable opt-out rights by emailing us at privacy@launchdarkly.com . Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see www.globalprivacycontrol.org. We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16. The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA. d. Retention Please see Section 8 above (“Data Retention”) for how we retain your personal information. 12. Updating this Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our information practices or the features of the Services. We will indicate the date of the most recent update in the Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to the Privacy Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements.By continuing to use the Services, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy. 13. Contact Us You may contact us by email at privacy@launchdarkly.com or by phone at +1 (888) 870 - 4974. Inboxes love LaunchDarkly. Make sure you get all the content, tips, and news you can use. maplesyrup: We empower all teams to deliver and control their software. Support Why Us Learn Company Twitter LinkedIn Meetup YouTube InstagramPrivacy Policy Last Modified: December 1, 2022.You can see our previous Privacy Policies here . FR | DE We — meaning Formagrid Inc, doing business as Airtable (also " we," " our," or " us") — prepared this Privacy Policy to help you understand our practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of information we collect from you through: (i) airtable.com, its subdomains, and any other website where Airtable’s Terms of Service are posted; (ii) Airtable’s online hosted services; and (iii) Airtable’s “Software,” meaning, collectively, our browser extensions, mobile applications, other downloadable apps, application programming interfaces (“ APIs”), and tools and documentation ((i) through (iii) collectively, our “ Service” or “ Airtable”). Table of Contents 1. What Information We Collect and How We collect information from you when you: Create or register an account, or administer your accountInput, post, or upload information, data, or other content through the ServiceSubmit questions, requests, or other communications to us via various communication channelsContact us for customer support or technical supportVisit any of our websites or download any of our applicationsParticipate in promotions, user conferences, webinars, demonstrations, contests, sweepstakes, surveys, or other marketing events Participate in research activitiesInteract with other Airtable users and guests on our community forumsIntegrate third-party products and services with your Airtable account We also collect information about you from our business partners, including referral partners and resellers, and third parties that help us with sales and marketing efforts, such as prospecting. We may also obtain publicly-available business contact information. Below is additional information about what we collect, depending on how you interact with the Service: a. Your Content “ Content ” includes all information, data, and other content, in any form or medium, that is collected, downloaded, or otherwise received, directly or indirectly, from you (or on your behalf) by or through the Service. It also includes information you provide when connecting a third-party account, product, or service to the Service. You (and anyone who can interact with your use of the Service) own and control the nature of any Content, subject to any applicable terms and conditions including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. Our collection, use, and disclosure practices with respect to Content are distinct from those with respect to other sorts of information, as explained in Section 2.a. below. We may upload Content automatically with your authorization from third-party services (such as from your Google Drive). See Section 1.c. below. b. Customer Information “ Customer Information ” consists of information related to your access or use of our Service, the creation of accounts, or that otherwise identifies you as a customer or end user of the Service. Customer Information includes: Identifiers . This includes your name, mailing address, email address, postal code, telephone number, and other similar identifiers. Customer Records . This includes username and password, payment information, company name, job title, business email address, and department. Protected Classification Characteristics . This includes age and gender. Commercial Information . This includes information about products or services purchased, obtained or considered. Internet/Network Activity Information . This includes your browsing history, log and analytics data, information about the device(s) used to access the Service, domain server, search history and information regarding your interaction with our Service, and other usage data. Audio/Visual Information . This includes pictures you provide or upload in connection with our Service, and the content and audio or video recordings of phone or video calls between you and us that we record where permitted by law. Profession/Employment Information . This includes your current employer, title, and location. Other Personal Information . This includes personal information you provide to us in relation to a survey, comment, question, request, or inquiry, and information you provide when you connect a third-party account, product or service to the Service. Inferences . This includes inferring your location using your IP address, or using data from your use of our Service to make predictions about your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. If you are an end user using the Service through an account created on your behalf by an Airtable customer (such as an employer, an organization of which you are a member, or another individual), we may collect and process Customer Information about you on behalf of the Airtable customer with whom your use of the Service is associated. c.Third-Party Integrations If you create your account using a service provided by a third party such as Google or Apple, or a single-sign-on service provided by a third party such as Okta, we may collect Customer Information about you from the third-party service (such as your username or user ID associated with that third-party service). If you create your account using such a third-party service, or if you give us permission by changing the settings on your Airtable account, we may also collect, and you authorize us to collect, information about your personal contacts as may be stored within that third-party service, which we may use to facilitate your invitation of collaborators to Airtable. By choosing to create an account using a third-party service, you also authorize us to collect Customer Information necessary to authenticate your account with the third party. Certain aspects of Airtable allow you to link or integrate third-party products and services to enable certain features and functionalities with Airtable. For example, you can connect your Google Drive account to generate Content in Airtable from information and data contained in your Google Drive or integrate with third-party services using Airtable extensions. If you choose to use these features or functionalities, you may be asked to create an account with a third party that provides such features or functionalities or link your existing third-party service account with Airtable (and, by doing so, agree to the privacy policy and/or terms and conditions of that third party). You may also be asked to authorize Airtable to collect information from the third party on your behalf. We will then collect information (such as your username or user ID associated with that third-party service) from you and/or that third party as necessary to enable Airtable to access your data and content stored with that third-party service. Once the authentication is complete, we have the ability to access information you provided to us or was otherwise collected by the third-party service in accordance with the privacy practices of that third party. We will store the information and data we collect and associate it with your Airtable account, and we will use that information and data to enable the integration of Airtable with the third-party service and to perform actions requested or initiated by you, or that are reasonably necessary to carry out instructions provided by you. d. Automatically-Collected Information We collect information about how you use Airtable and your actions on Airtable, including your IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, ISPs, platform types, device types, and mobile device identifiers such as make and model, and mobile carrier. We may also use tools, including third-party tools, to collect analytics data. Some of this information is collected through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, session replay scripts, and similar technologies. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies. 2. How We Use the Information We Collect a. Use of Content Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we will not use or access your Content except: to provide, maintain, improve, or optimize use of Airtable; where you (or the organization through which you have an account) explicitly approve access (e.g., during a customer support inquiry); in response to lawful requests by law enforcement or government authorities; in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process or requests, as required by applicable law as determined in our discretion; where necessary (in our sole discretion) to ensure the stability and security of Airtable and our systems (e.g., where we have reason to believe specific Content is degrading server stability); and where necessary (in our sole discretion) to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that we may retain, take possession of, delete, or deny you access to your Content if we believe, in our sole discretion, that some or all of your Content, or your use of Airtable, violates our Terms of Service . We also may analyze metadata related to Content (such as total number of records, file size, API volume, access logs, etc.). b. Use of Other Information We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, and how we use it depends on what we collect and which Service (or features of the Service) you use. These purposes may include: Fulfilling our Contract with You and Providing the Services to You.This includes use for the purpose of: (i) responding to requests or inquiries from you; (ii) providing customer support or technical assistance; (iii) contacting you to provide product updates or information about products you have requested or purchased; (iv) creating, managing, or administering your information and account, including identifying you with your account or the account of an Airtable customer; and (v) auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities. Analyzing and Improving our Services Pursuant to our Legitimate Interest. This includes use for the purpose of: (i) deriving market insights, ways to improve the Service, and performing other business analysis or research; (ii) customizing existing and future product offerings and other aspects of the Service to you and other users; (iii) securing the Service and our systems, and protecting your information and data; (iv) detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; and (v) measuring interest in and engagement with our Service and short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads. Marketing Our Products and Services. This includes use for the purpose of: (i) tailoring and providing you with information about Airtable products, services, and events that you may be interested in, including by email or phone, (ii) monitoring the performance of our advertisements and marketing efforts, and (iii) communicating with you about your engagement with our Service. Legal Obligations and Rights. This includes use for the purpose of: (i) establishing, exercising, investigating, prosecuting, or defending against legal claims; (ii) complying with laws or responding to lawful requests and legal process; (iii) protecting the rights and property of Airtable, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, or Terms of Service ; (iv) detecting, suppressing, or preventing fraud; (v) reducing credit risk and collecting debts owed to us; (vi) protecting the health and safety of Airtable, our customers, or any person; or (vii) fulfilling other requirements under applicable law. Participation in any Airtable partner program. This includes use for the purpose of enabling or supporting participation in any such program, which may involve the provision by Airtable partners of implementation, training, app-building, base-building, or other similar services. Consent. This includes use for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information, or with your consent. Aggregated or De-Identified Data. This includes use of aggregated or de-identified information for a wide variety of statistical, analytical, and Service improvement purposes. The aggregation or de-identification process prevents the information from being reassociated or identified with any one customer account, user, or individual. Other Purposes. This includes use for our other, legitimate business purposes, or as permitted by applicable law. 3.How We Disclose Information We disclose information we collect for specific purposes, including: When you ask us to, or otherwise give your specific consent (for example, by posting Content using the Universe feature), you consent to our making that Content visible to Airtable users or website guests;With affiliates and subsidiaries to provide you with aspects of the Service, such as customer support;With vendors that help us provide you with aspects of the Service, such as data storage, hosting, customer support, and payment processing, or that help us with marketing and email campaigns, to advertise, gain insights, and perform analytics into how the Service is used and how it might be improved; With third parties who enable certain features or functionalities of the Service that you’ve requested (for example, by installing extensions in Airtable);With an employer or other organization (or employees or other Airtable users associated with such an employer or other organization) on whose behalf you use the Service, that created an Airtable account on your behalf, or that owns, manages, or is associated with the email domain for an email address on your account;With the owner or collaborator of an Airtable workspace to which you have access or on which you are a collaborator as necessary to identify you to such owner or collaborator or enable you to collaborate as intended; With partners in any Airtable partner program, when you elect to work with one of our partners for implementation, training, app-building, base-building, or other similar services.As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests and law enforcement requests, and otherwise to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others;As necessary in the event of a proposed or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, financing, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock; With others for any legitimate business purpose that does not conflict with the statements made in this Privacy Policy. 4. Transfers of Information We may transfer to and process your personal information in countries outside of the jurisdiction where you are located for the various purposes described above. When required by law, we will ensure that we rely on an appropriate legal mechanism for the transfer, such as your consent, standard contractual clauses (or their equivalent), or adequacy decisions. You may ask us, using the contact information in Section 9 of this policy, for more information about the specific basis we use for transferring your data. 5. Retention of Information We store your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal or reporting requirements, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data; the purposes for which we process your personal data; and the applicable legal requirements. 6. Managing Your Information a. Content You may access, correct, amend, or delete Content within Airtable. You own all Content you upload provided you have lawful title thereto. Content you delete (including Content containing personal information) may be retained in archived or backup copies in order to enable you to use certain features like revision history and base snapshots. For instructions on how to permanently delete Content from your Airtable account, please contact us at privacy@airtable.com . Please note that permanent deletion of Content through this process may impair or disable some features of the Service (such as revision history and base snapshots) with respect to that Content. b. Other Information We may use some of the information we collect for marketing purposes, including to send you promotional communications about new Airtable features, products, events, or other opportunities. If you wish to stop receiving these communications or to opt out of use of your information for these purposes, please follow the opt-out instructions by clicking "Unsubscribe" (or similar opt-out language) in those communications. You may also contact us at privacy@airtable.com to opt out. You also may have certain rights with respect to your data depending on the jurisdiction in which you live. Please see the jurisdiction-specific sections below for a description of those rights. 7. Information from Children Airtable is not intended for use by children under the age of 16 (or other age as required by local law) and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us at privacy@airtable.com . 8. Changes to Privacy Policy Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page. 9. Contact Us If you have any questions about our privacy practices, including this policy, you may contact us by email at privacy@airtable.com or by mail at Airtable, 799 Market St., 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103. 10. EEA, UK, Swiss-Specific Disclosures The disclosures in this section apply solely to residents of the European Economic Area (" EEA "), Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (" UK "), and describe how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data about you. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this section have the same meaning as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (" GDPR "). Airtable is the controller of the personal data we hold about you in connection with your use of the Service. a. Lawful Basis of Processing We collect and process your personal data for purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. Where required by law, we obtain your consent to use and process your personal data for these purposes. Otherwise, we rely on another authorized legal basis (including but not limited to the performance of a contract or legitimate interest) to collect and process your Personal Data. b. Marketing and Advertising From time to time we may contact you with information about our products and services, including sending you marketing or advertising messages and asking for your feedback on our products and services. For some marketing or advertising messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing or advertising information to share with you. You can unsubscribe at any time from our marketing or advertising emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or by contacting us at privacy@airtable.com . In addition, when you give us your consent, we may provide your information to third parties for targeted advertising or we may allow our advertising partners to collect data about you for that purpose using cookies or similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy . c. Your Privacy Rights You have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold: (i) right of access; (ii) right of portability; (iii) right to rectification; (iv) right to erasure; (v) right to restriction; (vi) right to withdraw consent; and (vii) right to object. You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. Information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available here . If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by: Emailing privacy@airtable.com with the subject line "European Rights Request", orFilling out a Data Subject Request using this form . Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights. 11. California-Specific Disclosures The disclosures in this section apply solely to individual residents of the State of California and provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal information within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including its implementing regulations (" CCPA "). Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this section have the same meaning as defined in the CCPA. a. Sensitive Personal Information Certain data elements we collect and use to provide the Service may be deemed "sensitive personal information" under CCPA. These include your username and password to access your account and contents of any messages you send through our email integration feature. We do not use or disclose such sensitive personal information to “infer” characteristics as defined under the CCPA, or for any purpose other than that which is necessary to provide the Service as specified in the CCPA. b. Sales and Sharing of Personal Information (Targeted Advertising) We use cookies and similar tracking technologies that enable certain advertising networks, social media companies, analytics services, and other third-party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information directly from your browser or device when you visit or interact with our Service or otherwise engage with us online.In some cases, we may upload personal information to certain of these partners for advertising or analytics purposes. To opt out of these “sales” or “sharing” of personal information (as these terms are defined under the CCPA or other applicable US state privacy laws), you must: Toggle cookies off in our cookie preference center or enable Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”) on your browser; andSubmit a request using this form or email privacy@airtable.com . Note that the above opt-out right does not apply where we have appropriately limited our partners to be our “service providers” or “processors” (as these terms are defined under the CCPA or other applicable US state privacy laws). To learn more about GPC, please visit http://globalprivacycontrol.org . c. California Privacy Rights As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law): The Right to Know any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of sources of the personal information;The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; The categories of personal information we have sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or shared; andThe business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing the personal information.The Right to Request Deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.The Right to Request Correction of inaccurate personal information.The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing to third parties now or in the future. You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our Service or engage with you in the same manner. d. How to Exercise Your California Privacy Rights Please see Section 11.b. above to exercise your right to opt out of personal information sales or sharing. To exercise your rights to know, correct, or delete, please submit a request by: Emailing privacy@airtable.com with the subject line "California Rights Request" orFilling out a Data Subject Request using this form . We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require either the successful login to your account (if applicable) and/or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. Although we try to limit the personal information collected in connection with a request to know, correct, or delete, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know, correct, or delete, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law. e. Minors Under Age 16 We do not sell or share the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age. Please contact us at privacy@airtable.com to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16. f. California’s "Shine the Light" Law In addition to the rights described above, California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) permits California residents that have an established business relationship with us to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@airtable.com . 12. Disclosures to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah The disclosures in this section apply solely to individual residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. Privacy laws in these states give residents certain rights with respect to their personal data, when they take effect over the course of 2023. Those rights include: Right to Access Information . You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal data. Right to Request Deletion . You have the right to request that we delete personal data provided by or obtained about you. Right to Correct . You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising .You may ask us not to use or disclose your information for the purposes of targeting advertising to you based on your personal data obtained from your activity across different businesses, services, websites, etc. Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales to third parties. To submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction privacy rights, please email us at privacy@airtable.com with the subject line “Privacy Rights Request” and let us know in which state you live, or complete this form . Please see Section 11.b. for a description of how to exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising or sales. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia may appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us by email at privacy@airtable.com . 13. Nevada-Specific Disclosures For residents of the State of Nevada, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Although we do not currently sell covered information, please contact us at privacy@airtable.com to submit such a request. 14. Canada-Specific Disclosures If you live in Canada, you have the following rights: Right to Access . You can ask us to: (i) confirm that we have personal information about you, and (ii) provide you a copy of that information. Right to Correct . You can ask us to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal information that we have about you. You may submit a request by contacting us at privacy@airtable.com with the subject line “Canadian Privacy Rights Request”. Before we honor your request, we will need to verify your identity. Airtable home ProductSolutionsPricingEnterpriseContact SalesFacebookLinkedinTwitterInstagramYoutubePopular TemplatesContent CalendarProduct RoadmapInventory TrackingMarketing Campaign TrackingEvent Planning Show more Popular ExtensionsMiroJiraLoomFormstackChart Show more Popular SolutionsMarketingProduct OperationsHuman ResourcesSalesOperations Show more Learn MoreWebinars popular DemosVideos new GuidesCustomer Stories Show more CompanyAboutCareers popular BlogStatusNewsroomPopular TemplatesContent CalendarProduct RoadmapInventory TrackingMarketing Campaign TrackingEvent PlanningSocial Media CalendarBlog Editorial CalendarGanttDigital Asset ManagementProduct Launch CalendarSee all templatesPopular ExtensionsMiroJiraLoomFormstackChartMapOrg Chart Org ChartPage DesignerSee all extensionsPopular SolutionsMarketingProduct OperationsHuman ResourcesSalesOperationsContent OperationsFinanceSee all solutionsLearn MoreWebinars popular DemosVideos new GuidesCustomer StoriesArticlesCommunitySupporteBooksQuick ReadsReportsCompanyAboutCareers popular BlogStatusNewsroomProductSolutionsPricingEnterpriseContact SalesSecurityAPISitemapPrivacyTermsDo Not Sell/Share My Info Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play