Privacy Policy At LexisNexis Legal & Professional, we take your privacy and your trust in us very seriously. This privacy policy provides you with information about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. 1. About This Privacy Policy This privacy policy applies when you visit or use our websites, apps and other services, including events, that refer or link to this privacy policy (each, a "Service"). This privacy policy may be supplemented by additional privacy statements, terms or notices provided to you. The LexisNexis Legal & Professional company (“LexisNexis”) that owns or administers the Service, as identified therein, is the primary controller of your personal information provide to, or collected by or for, the Service. We will indicate within the registration processes of our products and services and other registration forms what types of personal information are required and those that are requested. You may choose not to submit the requested information, but that may limit or prohibit the services that LexisNexis is able to provide to you. 2. Information We Collect We collect information about you in three ways: directly from your input, from third-party sources, and through automated technologies. 2.1 Data You Provide to Us The types of personal information that we collect directly from you depends on how you interact with us and the Service, which may include: Contact details, such as your name, email address, postal address, social media handle, and phone number;Account login credentials, such as usernames and passwords, password hints and similar security information;Other account registration and profile information, such as job title, educational and professional background and qualifications, and photo;Payment information, such as a credit or debit card number;Comments, feedback and other information you provide to us, including search query data and questions or information you send to customer support; and/or Interests and communication preferences, including preferred language. 2.2 Data from Your Organization We may obtain personal information about you from the organization with which you are employed or affiliated in order to activate and manage your access to and use of the organization’s subscription to the Service, including: Contact details, such as your name and organizational email address, postal address, and phone number;Other account registration information such as job title; and/orOrganizational user ID 2.3 Data from Other Sources We also may obtain contact details and other information about you from our affiliates and from other third parties, including: Social networks when you grant permission to the Service to access your data on one or more networks;Service providers that help us determine a location in order to customize certain products to your location;Businesses with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities; and/orPublicly available sources and data suppliers from which we obtain data to validate or supplement the information we hold. 2.4 Data from Service Use, Including Cookies The Service may automatically collect information about how you and your device interact with the Service, including: Computer, device and connection information, such as IP address, browser type and version, operating system and other software installed on your device, mobile platform and unique device identifier and other technical identifiers, error reports and performance data;Usage data, such as the features you used, the settings you selected, your URL click stream data, including date and time stamp and referring and exit pages, search terms you used, and pages you visited or searched for on the Service; For educational Services, the course modules and test questions you view, answer or complete; and/orFor location-aware Services, the region, city or town where your device is located to provide you with more relevant content for where you are in the world. We collect this data through our servers and the use of cookies and other technologies. Cookies are small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive. We may use cookies and other technologies to store your preferences and settings, help you with signing in, provide targeted ads and analyze site operations. You can control cookies through your browser’s settings and other tools. However, if you block certain cookies, you may not be able to register, login, or access certain parts or make full use of the Service. For more details, see the cookie policy of the Service. 3.How We Use Your information Depending on how you interact with us and the Service, we use your personal information to: Provide, activate and manage your access to and use of the Service;Process and fulfill a request, order, download, subscription or other transaction;Provide technical, product and other support and to help keep the Service working, safe and secure;Enhance and improve the Service and our other products, events, and services and to develop new products, services and benefits;Offer you customized content and other personalization to make the Service more relevant to your interests and geography; Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments and concerns;Notify you about changes, updates and other announcements related to the Service and our other products and services;Deliver targeted advertisements, promotional messages, notices and other information related to the Service and your interests;Provide you with promotional messages and other information about products, events and services of ours, our affiliates and third parties such as sponsors;Invite you to participate in user testing and surveys as well as drawings, sweepstakes, competitions and similar promotions; Identify usage trends and develop data analysis, including for purposes of research, audit, reporting and other business operations, including determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and evaluating our business performance, or in other ways pursuant to a customer agreement; and/orComply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are an administrator of an organization with a subscription to the Service, we will use your details to communicate with you about your organisation’s subscription and related services. If you supply us contact information of your colleagues, we may contact those individuals with communications about the Service that may include reference to you. 4. Sharing of Your Information 4.1 Your Organization If you access the Service through a subscription administered by your organization, your personal information and certain usage data gathered through the Service may be accessed by or shared with the administrators authorised by your organization for the purposes of usage analysis, subscription management and compliance, training course progress, performance and remediation, cost attribution and departmental budgeting. 4.2 Application Licensor If you access a third-party application on the Service through a license agreement with the licensor of that application, personal information relevant that third-party application may be shared with the licensor so that it can provide you access to the application, subject to the terms of its license agreement and privacy policy. 4.3 Our Group Companies and Service Providers Dependent upon the Services provided, we share information with: Our affiliates, trading names and divisions within the LexisNexis group worldwide and certain RELX companies that provide technology, customer service and other shared services functions; and/orOur service providers, suppliers, agents and representatives, including but not limited to, payment processors, customer support, email service providers, event venues and service providers, IT service providers, marketing service providers, research providers, mailing houses and shipping agents; to process the information as necessary to provide the Service, complete a transaction or fulfill your request or otherwise on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. 4.4 Your Choices We may share your personal information with our affiliates and with sponsors, joint venture entities and other third parties, including entities for which we are acting as an agent, licensee, application host or publisher, that wish to send you information about their products and services that may be of interest to you, as determined by your choices in managing your communications preferences and other settings. The Service may let you post and share personal information, comments, materials and other content. Any such contributions that you disclose publicly may be collected and used by others. Please be careful when disclosing personal information in these public areas. 4.5 For Legal Reasons We also will disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to: meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or other legal obligation;detect, investigate and help prevent security, fraud or technical issues; and/orprotect the rights, property or safety of LexisNexis, our users, employees or others; andas part of a corporate transaction, such as a transfer of assets to or an acquisition by or merger with another company. 5.Grounds for Processing When we collect or otherwise process any personal information within the scope of applicable data protection laws, we do so: where necessary to provide the Service, fulfill a transaction or otherwise perform a contract with you or at your request prior to entering into a contract;where necessary for our compliance with applicable law or other legal obligation;where necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest;where necessary to enable our customers to comply with their legal obligations;where applicable, with your consent; and/orwhere necessary to operate our business, protect the security of our systems, customers and users, detect or prevent fraud, or fulfill our other legitimate interests as described in sections 2-4 above, except where our interests are overridden by your privacy rights. Where we rely on your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and where we rely on legitimate interests, you may have the right to object to our processing. 6. Data Retention We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Service and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, maintaining business and financial records, resolving disputes, maintaining security, detecting and preventing fraud and abuse, and enforcing our agreements. If you access the Service through a subscription administered or sponsored by your organization, we retain your organizational contact details after the termination of your organization’s subscription to continue to communicate with you. 7. Locations of Processing Your personal information may be stored and processed in your region or another country where LexisNexis, its affiliates and their service providers maintain servers and facilities, including Australia, Mainland China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Mauritius, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States. We take steps, including through contracts, intended to ensure that the information continues to be protected wherever it is located in a manner consistent with the standards of protection required under applicable law. Certain U.S. entities within the LexisNexis group have certified certain of their services to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Please view these entities’ Privacy Shield Notice here . To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view these entities’ certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov . 8. Data Security We implement technical and organizational measures to seek to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal information we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of personal information. 9. Children’s Privacy We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 14 or target the Service to children under 14. 10. Your Communications Preferences You can customise and manage your communications preferences and other settings when you register with the Service, by updating your account features and preferences, by using the "opt-out" mechanisms such as "unsubscribe" or other means provided within the communications that you receive, or by contacting us. We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Service whenever necessary. 11. Accessing and Updating Your Information 11.1 Your Account The Service may allow registered users to directly access and review their account information and make corrections or updates upon login at any time. Keeping such information up to date is the responsibility of the user. Registered users may also close their account directly through the Service or by contacting the Service’s customer support. 11.2 Your Rights You may have the right under applicable privacy and data protection laws to request free of charge: access to your personal information;rectification or erasure of your personal information;restriction of our processing of your personal information, or to object to our processing; andportability of your personal information. If you wish to exercise these rights, please submit your request in writing via our privacy centre . We will respond to your request consistent with applicable laws. To protect your privacy and security, we may require you to verify your identity. 12. Changes We will update this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice through the Service or by other means. 13. Contact If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this privacy policy or our processing of your information, please contact us via our privacy centre .The data protection representative for our businesses that are processing personal data within the scope of European Union data protection laws and established outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland is LexisNexis Business Information Solutions B.V., Radarweg 29, Amsterdam 1043 NX, The Netherlands. The data protection representative for our businesses that are processing personal data within the scope of United Kingdom (UK) data protection laws and established outside of the UK is RELX (UK) Limited, trading as LexisNexis, Lexis House, 30 Farringdon Street, London EC4A 4HH, United Kingdom. You may also lodge a complaint to a data protection authority in the applicable jurisdiction. 14. Supplementary Notices 14.1 Authors / Contributors Where we contract with you to produce content for any of our services, such as to write books, legal analysis, reviews, guidance or legal opinion for dissemination to our subscribers, we will process some personal information about you. Such information includes: name, organization, and contact details;professional experience, role, practice area, affiliations and subject expertise;professional biography or profile produced or approved by you, including your image, likeness or voice, which may be published within our services and made available to our subscribers alongside any content produced by you for LexisNexis;financial information in order to facilitate payments for works produced;editorial and reviewer commentary and feedback as part of peer review; and administration information such as author work progress updates. The above information is processed in order to facilitate the publication of the work and to administer, manage and fulfill our contract with you. You may choose not to be contacted by LexisNexis to produce content for us by contacting us via the communications that you receive from our content development teams, or via the contact details provided within this policy. Please refer to the main section of this privacy policy for details on your rights, retention, locations of processing, and contact details for any privacy and data protection inquiries. 14.2 Jurisdiction-Specific Notices For more information about our processing of personal data as required by applicable local laws, see our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice , Processing Notice and Data Processing Information Supplement . Last Updated: December 20th, 2022 TopTop We use cookies that are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyze, improve, and personalize our content and your digital experience. However, you can change your preferences using the "Cookie Settings" link in our website's footer. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Cookie Preference Center Manage Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Uncategorized cookies Uncategorized cookies Uncategorized cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View CookiesCookies and similar technologies This notice supplements our privacy policy, and provides information about how we use cookies and similar technologies. Use of cookies and similar technologies Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or other device by websites that you visit. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites and other applications work, or work more efficiently, and help them remember certain information and recognize your internet browser. Cookies may last until you close your browser (“session” cookies) or over repeat visits (“persistent” cookies). We use cookies and similar technologies to: Assist you in efficiently and safely navigating and experiencing our services;Enable you to register, login, provide feedback and otherwise interact with our services;Store and honor your preferences and settings;Measure and analyze usage and performance data; andAssist us with promotional and marketing efforts (including interest-based advertising). If you access any of our services subject to a subscription agreement or other contract between us and your organization, cookies and similar technologies will be used as necessary for the performance of that contract and for our legitimate business operations related to providing the service. Types of cookies We use the following types of cookies: Strictly necessary cookies: Performance cookies: Functionality cookies: Targeting cookies: Social media cookies: Anonymized analytical cookies: tracking the number of visitors to our web pages;tracking the amount of time each visitor spends on our web pages;keeping track of the order in which a visitor visits the different pages of our website;assessing which parts of our site need updating;measuring and optimizing the performance of our marketing campaigns;redirecting traffic from different channels. Details about the cookies set by our websites and by third parties, including service providers acting on our behalf, are listed directly on the site or in the cookie control tool made available on the site. How to manage cookies You can manage the use of certain types of cookies by amending your cookies settings in the cookie control tool made available on the site. You also may be able to block or delete cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser privacy preferences menu. You can also manage many cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based YourAdChoices , the Canada-based AdChoices or the EU-based Your Online Choices . Certain content and features in our services depend on cookies to function. For example, authentication cookies are used to identify and recognize registered users and to enable them to gain access to requested content or features. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use certain content or features. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences dependent on those cookies will be lost. Use of web beacons and other technologies Some of our websites, applications and electronic communications contain electronic tags known as web beacons, gifs or pixel tags, unique identifiers and similar technologies that help deliver cookies, measure online activity, provide more relevant advertising, or analyze the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. We may also use technologies from third-party data security providers to maintain online security and protect our websites and other services against fraud and abuse. Last updated: 15 November 2021Try our Advanced Search for more refined results Toggle Dropdown Law360 The Practice of Law Law360 Pulse Business of Law Law360 Authority Deep News & Analysis Tax Authority Employment Authority Insurance Authority Real Estate Authority Global Law360 UK Law360ProductsRankingsSectionsBeta ToolsUse CasesSite Menu || || ADVERTISEMENT Don't want ads? Subscribe or login now. ADVERTISEMENT August 15, 2023 A former Wall Street Journal reporter told a D.C. federal judge Monday that he is dismissing his claims against Dechert LLP and two of its former partners without prejudice in a suit that accused them of leaking his communications with a source entangled in a dispute with a Dechert client. August 15, 2023 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unveiled plans Tuesday to begin writing new rules aimed at the data broker industry, potentially including restrictions that would more tightly regulate the sale of identifying consumer information known as credit header data. August 15, 2023 Two plaintiffs urged a California federal court Monday to reject Smith Gambrell & Russell LLP's bid to escape a proposed class action over a 2021 data breach. August 15, 2023 Health care system company CommonSpirit Health is asking a Colorado federal court to throw out a proposed class action over an October 2022 data breach that exposed information from more than 600,000 patients, saying the lead plaintiff hasn't been able to link that data breach to harm she claims to have suffered. August 15, 2023 The D.C. Circuit has sided with the Federal Communications Commission's decision to boot two carriers with a Chinese parent company from U.S. telecom networks, rebuffing a "hodgepodge" of procedural objections and an argument the court said it had already rejected from another China-based telecom company. August 14, 2023 A woman and her son can press forward with accusations that Amazon unlawfully stored and protected biometric data from pictures uploaded to its photo storage service, but their claim that the company violated its own data storage policy can't proceed, an Illinois state court judge has ruled. August 14, 2023 A New York federal judge split from another judge in his district when he ruled that a banking regulation governing electronic transfers won't apply to a Michigan retiree's cryptocurrency account with Uphold HQ Inc. after a hacker drained it of $5 million. August 14, 2023 A potential class action filed in Virginia accuses the insurer Genworth Financial Inc. of not properly notifying the more than 2.7 million people affected by a May data breach allegedly carried out by foreign hackers. August 14, 2023 Two Connecticut hospitals locked in an antitrust fight have come to terms with what parts of the doctor personnel files the suing hospital is willing to turn over to the hospital accused of anti-competitive behavior, after a couple of months of fighting over the issue. August 14, 2023 International law firm Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP has been hit with a proposed class action in California federal court over a March data breach that targeted client files. August 14, 2023 British cybersecurity company coc00n announced its launch on Monday, offering cybersecurity protection to the legal sector at a time when ransomware attacks have increased the past few years within the industry. August 14, 2023 Publicly traded data center developer Applied Digital Corp. has been hit with a proposed shareholder class action in Texas federal court alleging the company is "essentially controlled" by investment bank B. Riley Financial and that its board of directors is not independent despite the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. August 14, 2023 Cannabis supplier PharmaCann LLC and an identification verification vendor are being sued in Illinois state court, with a proposed class alleging that they violated state biometrics privacy law by collecting and storing their identifying information without written notice or consent. August 14, 2023 Chancery Court gave AMC Entertainment the go-ahead on a stockholder settlement, slowed down a railroad dispute and vetted new suits from shareholders of US Bancorp, Fisker and Amazon.In case you missed any of it, here's the latest from Delaware's Chancery Court. August 11, 2023 India is on the brink of becoming the latest nation to enact a comprehensive data privacy law, adding a vital new data point for companies' plans for managing personal information and potentially providing inspiration to countries that haven't yet been able to push similar protections across the finish line. August 11, 2023 A Harris County, Texas, jury awarded $1.2 billion in damages to a Houston woman whose ex-boyfriend was accused of breaching her computer accounts, impersonating her and maliciously spreading intimate images and videos of her online after a breakup. August 11, 2023 The Trump administration was well within its rights to implement a policy that requires applicants for a U.S. visa to submit links to their social media, says a D.C. federal judge who just tossed a lawsuit challenging the still-in-place policy for good. August 11, 2023 A Massachusetts federal judge slashed by more than half the fee that class counsel requested in an online privacy case against The Boston Globe's parent company over the newspaper's use of Facebook/Meta's Tracking Pixel. August 11, 2023 A title insurer that paid $3 million to resolve claims stemming from fraudulent real estate transactions made by an affiliate's employee told a Maryland federal court Friday that it is entitled to recover $500,000 under the other company's crime protection policy with Liberty Mutual. August 11, 2023 A D.C. federal judge trimmed a claim from CoStar Group Inc.'s suit against a former licensee for alleged unauthorized use of its information, ruling the real estate data giant cannot show a technological harm or loss. August 11, 2023 A trade group representing many of the largest tech companies in the world says Montana cannot be allowed to sustain its recent TikTok ban, arguing that the measure violates the First Amendment by imposing hefty fines on app stores that don't remove the popular video platform. August 11, 2023 After already waiting for major Illinois Supreme Court rulings, Wayfair can't continue to hold off litigating biometric privacy claims simply because it's scared the plaintiff in a similar suit may revive his claims, an Illinois state appeals panel held Friday. August 11, 2023 Two shareholders of Amazon.com Inc. slapped the company's directors and officers with a sprawling complaint in Delaware Chancery Court, alleging years of disclosure failures about third-party seller exploitation and an unsustainable business expansion that led to company losses and share price skids. August 11, 2023 A proposed class of more than 100 people who allege they were sexually abused as children within a Roman Catholic diocese in Connecticut are seeking approval of a settlement by which the diocese's former Chapter 11 noticing firm would pay $50,000 per class member for having publicly disclosed their names. August 11, 2023 A law firm accused of violating the Telephone Consumer Protection Act while attempting to solicit plaintiffs in a Camp Lejeune-related mass toxic tort claim wants claims against it tossed because the plaintiff allegedly "invited and/or gave permission for attorneys to contact her," and the initial call was made by a third party not directly representing the firm. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Expert Analysis Attorneys at Ropes & Gray explore potential prohibitions, notification requirements and covered transactions under President Joe Biden's recent executive order, which marks an unprecedented expansion of U.S. regulation of investment activity. As lawmakers nationwide grapple with how to protect children's activities online, tension has emerged between the need to protect their privacy and the need to confirm their age, as age verification often requires children to provide personal information, which can pose a serious threat, says Paula Bruening at Achieved Compliance Solutions. Although the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Inspector General's final information blocking enforcement rule is a step toward regulating conduct, there is still no rule for appropriate disincentives for provider-actors, leaving a significant enforcement gap, say attorneys at Sheppard Mullin. The president’s recent executive order on outbound investment describes prohibited transactions and a notification process, but the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s actions suggest upcoming regulations will leave investors with the risky determination of whether investments are prohibited or require notification, say attorneys at Morgan Lewis. A new rule from the U.S.Securities and Exchange Commission aims to increase cybersecurity resiliency, but may only force regulated entities — particularly those in the health care space — to face a far more complicated environment with increased strategic and litigation risks, say Bess Hinson and Angad Chopra at Holland & Knight. The Chinese cybersecurity regulator’s recently imposed restrictions on Micron and newly effective enforcement procedures mark a new era of privacy regulation in the country, so multinational companies with operations there should ensure their compliance programs are updated accordingly, say Lorna Chen and Jieni Ji at Shearman. As the battle for top talent continues post-pandemic, many firms are attempting to attract employees with progressive hybrid working environments — and supporting caregivers before, during and after an extended leave is a critically important way to retain top talent, says Manar Morales at The Diversity & Flexibility Alliance. The speed at which artificial intelligence is developing will likely outpace the legislative response, and two recently filed class actions naming OpenAI as a defendant raise the question of whether existing laws may be used to place some meaningful guardrails on the development of AI, says Thomas Carey at Sunstein. Financial institutions should understand the conceptions and misconceptions about artificial intelligence likely to influence regulators, and proactively study potential adverse impacts and establish use case strategies and other guardrails for deploying AI, say attorneys at Jones Day. A recent ruling from the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania, as well as past rulings across the country, indicates that the judicial privilege is applicable to alleged violations of wiretapping laws, so attorneys presented with audio evidence beneficial to their case should not fear being sued, says David Scott at Kang Haggerty. As the EU's groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence Act moves to the final stage of adoption, its proposed language provides valuable insight into the substantial compliance hurdles that companies across all jurisdictions will face in using generative AI, so U.S. organizations should consider what they can be doing now, say Vivien Peaden and Alexander Koskey at Baker Donelson. When drafting guidelines on generative artificial intelligence use for organizations that have a heightened need to safeguard their intellectual property, in-house counsel will need to address some gray areas that have become difficult to navigate in order to set their company up for success, say Enrique Abarca and Tanner Jarrell at Nabors Corporate. Amid increasing scrutiny and litigation over uses of online tracking technology, it's critical for companies under the purview of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act to carefully navigate website cookies' collection of protected health information, which may happen without website operators' knowledge, says Richard Sheinis at Hall Booth. In light of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s recent, and final, cybersecurity disclosure requirements, company leaders should undertake four factual assessments now to prepare their companies to respond quickly and agilely to the seemingly inevitable cyberattack, says Jennie Wang VonCannon at Crowell & Moring. Before federal contractors adopt AI tools to simplify their proposal writing, they should ask questions about how a given AI tool’s model was developed, and consider the procedures they will need to avoid cookie-cutter submissions and ensure accuracy, privacy and security, among other practical and legal considerations, say attorneys at Wiley. Want to publish in Law360? Have a news tip? ← Previous ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT I forgot my passwordI took a free trial but didn't get a verification emailHow do I sign up for a newsletter? Ask a question!Sign up for our Cybersecurity & Privacy newsletter You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up: Please provide a professional email: Access to Justice Aerospace & Defense Appellate Asset Management Banking Bankruptcy Benefits California Cannabis Capital Markets Class Action Colorado Commercial Contracts Competition Compliance Connecticut Construction Consumer Protection Corporate Cybersecurity & Privacy Delaware Employment Energy Environmental Fintech Florida Food & Beverage Georgia Government Contracts Health Hospitality Illinois Immigration Insurance Intellectual Property International Arbitration International Trade Law360 In-Depth Legal Ethics Legal Industry Life Sciences Massachusetts Media & Entertainment Mergers & Acquisitions Michigan Native American New Jersey New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Personal Injury & Medical Malpractice Private Equity Product Liability Project Finance Public Policy Real Estate Retail & E-Commerce Securities Sports & Betting Tax Technology Telecommunications Texas Transportation Trials Washington White Collar Law360 takes your privacy seriously. Please see our Privacy Policy . Thank You! We use cookies which are necessary to make our site work. We may also use additional cookies to analyse, improve and personalise our content and your digital experience. However, you can change your preferences using the "Cookie Settings" link in our website's footer. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Cookie Preference Centre Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies