Privacy Policy Updated June 14, 2022 Hydreon Corporation, owner of the Lifeboat Network, takes your privacy very seriously. We live by the Golden Rule, “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.” We want our private information kept private, therefore, we promise to keep your information private and used only for it’s intended purpose. SECTION 1 – Introduction The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain the type of information we collect or receive and how we use it. When you use our games, access our website and other services, or make a purchase, you agree to our use of your data as laid out in this privacy policy. SECTION 2 – What personal data we collect, or receive, and why we collect it We collect, store, and use your personal information only when necessary. All personal information is kept for only as long as it is necessary to provide the services you use or request. The following are places where we may collect your information. IN-GAME Since all registration, sign in, and purchases are done with your Xbox network account, we store a very limited amount of information. For privacy information relating to the Minecraft Game, MineCoins, and Xbox network please refer to the Microsoft Privacy Policy . When you play on our servers, we collect your Xbox network username, Lifeboat username(if there is one available), rank, and purchases made. When you make a purchase on the Lifeboat Store in the Minecraft App using Minecoins, we are given your username via Microsoft so we may add the appropriate purchase. If you previously registered an account on our server network prior to Xbox network usage, the only personal information that was required and collected was your username and email address. We have since removed all email addresses from our database, therefore, the only information still retained is your username. Due to this, we are unable to delete accounts as we have no way of verifying account ownership. We periodically remove inactive accounts, so the account will eventually be deleted. Rest assured, there is no other personally identifiable information retained. WEBSITE When you purchase a physical product from our website, or purchase part of the buying and selling process, e.g. international shipping for a free item, we collect the personal information you give us such as your username, name, physical address, credit card information, and email address. We use this information to bill the credit card, ship the item to the address given, and keep you updated on the status of the order. If you enter and win a contest for a physical item we collect the personal information you give us such as your username, name, physical address, and email address. We use this information to ship the item to the address you provide and keep you updated on the status of the order. When you browse our website, we automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address to help us learn about your browser and operating system. This allows us to give you the best browsing experience. Only with your permission may we send you emails about our website, new products, community information, and other updates. We will never send you unsolicited updates unless it pertains to a security issue that may affect your personal information. Support Form: When you enter your information into the Lifeboat Support Form , we ask for your Xbox Gamertag and email address. We only use this information to respond, if necessary, with an answer, or ask additional questions, to your query. We do not keep the original, nor any follow-up emails. The information provided is for customer support only, we do not use it for marketing purposes. SECTION 3 – Consent By browsing our website, playing our games, making purchases, creating an account, participating in our discord server, or contacting us for support, you agree to this Privacy Policy. When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for shipment, or any other way you provide us this information, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific purpose only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no when you first give us your information. If, after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by emailing us at privacy@lbsg.net, or mailing us at: Hydreon Corporation 6440 Flying Cloud Dr Suite 100, Eden Prairie, MN, 55344, United States. SECTION 4 – Disclosure We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so.Otherwise, we do not disclose your information to another party deemed unnecessary to provide the service in which you initially provided us the information. SECTION 5 – Third-Party Services Third-party providers used by us will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary that allows them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. This is includes Microsoft , Ultracart (our shopping cart software for physical purchases), and Quickbooks Merchant Services (our credit card payment processor). For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So, if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider, or its facilities, are located. Once you leave our website, or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy, though the information we have retained from you is still subject to this policy. Cookies By using this website and having cookies enabled in your browser settings, you are accepting our privacy policy and cookies. You may alternatively disable them in your browser settings, this may consequently impact your experience on our site. SECTION 6 – Security To protect your personal information and account data, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Should a data breach occur we will notify you via email if possible. SECTION 7 – Children’s Privacy We do not direct our websites, games, services, or other applications to children (usually considered to be under the age of 13, depending on the country where you reside). We also do not intentionally collect personal information from children through our websites, games, services, or other applications. If you are the parent or guardian of a child and you believe that we have inadvertently received personal information about that child, please contact us via privacy@lbsg.net and we will delete the information from our records. (We have kids too. We understand that the internet isn’t always the best place for them. If you are at all concerned about the safety of their information on Lifeboat, please let us know your questions or concerns.) SECTION 8 – Changes to this Privacy Policy We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our practices, or applicable laws, please review it frequently. The top of this page will indicate the last time the page was updated. Questions and Contact Information If you would like to: access, correct, amend, or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Team at privacy@lbsg.net or by mail at Hydreon Corporation 6440 Flying Cloud Dr Suite 100, Eden Prairie, MN, 55344, United States. Please include your name, contact information, and the nature of your request so we may address it promptly. Quick Links Recent Posts