Privacy Shield Policy Last Updated – 02 February 2023 In accordance with our commitment to protect personal privacy, WizRocket Inc. and its U.S. operating subsidiaries (including those entities listed in Exhibit A) (collectively referred to as “CleverTap”, “we,” “us,” or “our” ) provides its customers ( “Customers” ) with the ability to analyze how their end users ( “Customer End Users” ) interact with Customer website(s) or mobile application(s) and the ability to contact Customer End Users via the CleverTap service platform (the “CleverTap Service” ). Customers’ users of the Service and other representatives of our Customers (collectively, “Customer Representatives” ) interact with CleverTap to establish, maintain and manage their use of the CleverTap Service. CleverTap has certified to the Department of State that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles (“Principles”). If there is any conflict between this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, then the Privacy Shield Principles shall prevail. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Program and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome . A list of participants can be found at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list . The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over CleverTap’s compliance with the Privacy Shield. All CleverTap employees who handle Personal Data from Europe and/or Switzerland are required to comply with the Principles stated in this Policy. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY SHIELD POLICY This Policy applies to the processing of Personal Data that CleverTap receives or collects in the United States or transfers to the United States concerning Individuals who reside in the European Union or Switzerland. This Policy does not cover data from which individual persons cannot be identified or situations in which pseudonyms are used. (The use of pseudonyms involves the replacement of names or other identifiers with substitutes so that identification of individual persons is not possible.) Standard Contractual Clauses in the CleverTap Data Processing Addendum provide a valid mechanism to ensure necessary protection for data transfers from EU Data Controllers. Additionally, CleverTap continues to abide by Privacy Shield principles under both EU and Switzerland frameworks. TYPES AND USES OF COLLECTED INFORMATION The types of information that we may collect (directly from you or from third-party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with CLEVERTAP and the requirements of applicable law. This section describes how we collect and use that information. This includes an overview of the type of information that we collect directly and automatically, the types of information that we receive from other sources, and why we collect that information. CleverTap collects both Personal Data and Non-Personal Data: Personal Data. “Personal Data” is information relating to a specific identified or identifiable person. Generally, CleverTap collects two types of Personal Data, Personal Data from Website users, Customer Representatives, and Personal Data from Customer End Users. Website users CleverTap collects several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, company name, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ( “identifiers” ). We may also collect from job candidates, in the nature of professional or employment-related information, including education, employment, and employment history.Personal Data of Customer Representatives CleverTap collects Personal Data from Customer Representatives relating to Customer accounts and management of them. For instance, when Customer Representatives engage in certain activities via the CleverTap Service, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback, or otherwise using or participating in the CleverTap Service (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask Customer Representatives to provide certain information. If they elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask them to provide us with certain Personal Data, such as name, address (including zip code), email address and/or telephone number. Depending on the Identification Activity, some of the information we ask Customer Representatives to provide may be identified as mandatory and some identified as voluntary. If Customer Representatives do not provide the mandatory information for a particular Identification Activity, they will not be permitted to engage in that Identification Activity with the CleverTap Service. As Customer Representatives navigate the CleverTap Service, we may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Web Site Navigational Information”).Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from Customers Representatives’ Web browsers (such as browser type and browser language), their Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions they take on the CleverTap Service (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked). Through our “import Customer End Users” feature option, a Customer Representative may also provide us with Personal Data about other Customer Representatives such as the name, company name, address, phone number, email address, and/or IP address of the Customer Representatives that you choose to share with us. When you provide us with Personal Data about Customer Representatives that have not provided Personal Data to us, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided, such as to add new records to your CleverTap account, or as agreed in the applicable agreement with Customer. We may use Personal Data from Customer Representatives to provide products and/or services to Customers, collect payment for our products and/or services, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the CleverTap Service, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze the use of the CleverTap Service, improve the CleverTap Service, and tailor the experience of Customer Representatives in using the CleverTap Service. We may also use Personal Data to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact Customer Representatives, enforce our agreements with Customers, including our Master SaaS Subscription Agreements or Terms of Service, and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. The CleverTap Service may include social media features such as the Facebook “like” button or other associated social media buttons and widgets and such social media features which are hosted by a third party or directly on the CleverTap Service may collect Customer Representatives’ IP addresses and other information. Such interactions are governed by the applicable privacy policy of those social media features. Customer End User Data As part of the provision of the CleverTap Service to Customers, CleverTap collects certain Personal Data and other, Non-Personal Data about Customer End Users as determined by the applicable Customer (“Customer End User Data”). CleverTap does not control or otherwise approve any messages or requests for Customer End User Data made by a Customer to a Customer End User. Customer End Users should be aware that a Customer can request such Customer End User Data from them in order to use the Customer’s website(s) and/or mobile application(s) and that Customer End User Data may then be included in the information given to CleverTap through your use of the CleverTap Service. Therefore, Customer End Users should review the privacy policy of a Customer’s website and/or mobile application to assess the security of any information a Customer End User discloses. To the extent that CleverTap does receive any Customer End User Data, CleverTap shall make reasonable efforts, consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy, to maintain the confidentiality of such Customer End User Data. CleverTap has no direct relationship to the Customer End Users whose Customer End User Data it processes and such Customer End User who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate Customer End User Data should direct his or her query to the applicable Customer for removal. Once such Customer requests removal of such applicable Customer End User Data, CleverTap will respond to such request within one month; provided that (i) such period may be extended by up to 2 additional months when necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests and (ii) CleverTap shall inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay. CleverTap’s Customers may electronically submit Customer End User Data to the CleverTap Service. CleverTap will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer End User Data except as provided in CleverTap’s applicable agreement with Customer, or as may be required by applicable law. CleverTap acknowledges that Customer End Users have the right to access their Personal Data. If Personal Data pertaining to a Customer End User has been submitted to us by a Customer, and a Customer End User wishes to exercise any rights it may have to access, correct, amend, or delete such Personal Data, the Customer End User should inquire with the Customer directly. Because CleverTap personnel have limited ability to access data our Customers submit to the CleverTap Service, if a Customer End User wishes to make a request directly to CleverTap, please provide the name of the Customer who submitted your data to the CleverTap Service.We will refer your request to such Customer and will support them as needed in responding to your request within one month; provided that (i) such period may be extended by up to 2 additional months when necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests and (ii) CleverTap shall inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay. Non-Personal Data. “Non-Personal Data” is information that does not identify a specific person. Website users CleverTap collects several types of information that is about you but individually does not identify you, information comprising communications with you, about your browsing sessions using the Website (Internet activity information), including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a user’s interaction with the Website and/or geolocation information (based on IP address).Non-Personal Data from Customer Representatives CleverTap may receive Non-Personal Data from Customer Representatives, which may include data such as the URL of the website a Customer Representative visited before participating in the CleverTap Service, the URL of the website visited after participating in the CleverTap Service, the type of browser the Customer Representative is using, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personal Data. We, and/or our authorized Third-Party Service Providers (defined below), may automatically collect this information when Customer Representatives visit or use the CleverTap Service through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy. We use Non-Personal Data to provide products and/or services to Customer Representatives, enhance the operation of the CleverTap Service, troubleshoot, administer the CleverTap Service, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third-Party Service Providers to measure the overall effectiveness of our products and services. Non-Personal Data from Customer End Users CleverTap’s Customers may electronically submit Non-Personal Data from Customer End Users to the CleverTap Service. CleverTap will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Non-Personal Data except as provided in CleverTap’s applicable agreement with Customer, or as may be required by applicable law. CleverTap uses such Non-Personal Data for the purpose of enhancing or providing the CleverTap Service. DATA TRACKING Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the CleverTap Service, we may store cookies on your computer or other similar device through which you access the CleverTap Service. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or other device for record-keeping purposes that contains information about you. We use cookies to save you time while using the CleverTap Service, remind us who you are, and track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personal Data from you, like which pages you visited, what links you clicked on, and how you used the CleverTap Service. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies, however, you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Other Tracking Devices. When you access the CleverTap Service, or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on the CleverTap Service, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our marketing partners for the same purposes. How to Opt-Out of Third-Party Tracking Technologies. The use of tracking technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the services that tracking technologies provide, you may be able to opt out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices . For sensitive information (e.g., that specifying medical/health conditions, racial/ethnic origin, political or religious beliefs, or sex life of the individual), organizations must obtain affirmative, express consent (opt-in) from individuals if such information is to be (i) disclosed to a third party or (ii) used for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individuals through the exercise of opt-in choice.DISCLOSURES AND ONWARD TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA In order to operate our websites and provide services, we may provide personal, aggregate and other associated data to third parties including our services providers and vendors that provide or perform services for us, including services such as payment processing, database management, and professional services. CleverTap discloses Personal Data only to third parties who reasonably need to know such data for the scope of the initial transaction and not for other purposes. Such third parties must agree to use the personal data only for the purpose for which they have been engaged by CleverTap and confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with this Policy. On occasion, we may also share Personal Data concerning a visitor with our affiliates (such as a subsidiary or affiliate of our company) and Clients in furtherance of our operations and as needed to implement visitor request. We remain responsible for the Personal Data that we share with third parties for processing on our behalf, and we remain liable under the Principles if such third parties process such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the principles and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Please be aware that CleverTap may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. European Union (EU) or the United Kingdom (UK) residents The EU and UK’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) specifies that EU and UK residents have the following rights regarding the collection, storage, and processing of their personal information: Be informedAccessRectificationErasureRestrict processingData portabilityTo objectTo not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profilingTo lodge a data protection complaint with your local supervisory authority In compliance with both the EU and UK’s GDPR, CleverTap commits to resolving applicable inquiries and requests related to these rights. Residents of the EU and UK can send us an email to privacy@clevertap.com . EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Compliance CleverTap is certified by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and in compliance with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission regulations, regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. CleverTap has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov/ . In compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, CleverTap commits to resolving complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. Residents of the EU and Switzerland with inquiries or complaints can send us an email at privacy@clevertap.com . CleverTap has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to BBB EU Privacy Shield, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/bbb-eu-privacy-shield-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information or to file a complaint. The services of BBB EU Privacy Shield are provided at no cost to you. As a last resort, for complaints left unresolved by all other available mechanisms, EU residents may invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel. The Privacy Shield Panel is an “arbitration mechanism” made up of three neutral arbitrators, meaning that it settles disputes without going to court. Its decisions, however, are binding and enforceable in U.S. courts. EU individuals can invoke arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel, under limited conditions (in particular, the prior exhaustion of certain other redress possibilities). CHANGES TO THIS POLICY This Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the Principles and applicable data protection and privacy laws. If we make any material changes we will notify visitors by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage visitors to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.DEFINED TERMS For the purposes of this Policy, the following terms have the following meaning; Personal Data as defined under the European Union Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’) Data Subject means an identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person Sensitive Data (or special categories of personal data) means specifically personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, concerning health, genetic and biometric data, sex life, or sexual orientation. The same extra safeguards under the GDPR will apply to criminal convictions and offences data. Exhibit A Leanplum Inc. Platform Resources Solutions Services Customers Company Before you leave, check out our product tour See how Leanplum will drive customer engagement for your mobile app. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.Privacy Policy Last Updated: Monday, March 6, 2023 About this policy This privacy policy (this “Policy”) describes the collection of personal information by Leanplum, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Leanplum,” “we,” or “us”) from users of our website at www.leanplum.com (the “Website”), as well as all software and other services provided by us via the Website or third party distributors (collectively, together with the Website, our “Service”). This Policy also describes our use and disclosure of that information. By using our Service, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Policy. This Policy does not apply to the extent we process Personal Information in the role of a data processor or service provider on behalf of our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) business customers, such as information we receive and process through the Leanplum technology platform. For privacy information related to our business customers’ uses of the Leanplum platform in connection with their mobile applications, websites, emails, texts, or other digital properties, please reach out to the respective business customer directly. For Leanplum customers, where we serve as “Data Processors”, additional information can be found separately in our Data Processing Addendum . Personal Information “Personal Information,” as used in this Policy, is information that specifically identifies an individual end-user of the Service, such as an individual’s name, address, telephone number, or email address. Personal Information also includes information about an individual’s activities, such as information about his or her activity on our Service, and demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, geographic area, and preferences, when any of this information is linked to Personal Information that identifies that individual. Personal Information does not include “aggregate” or other non-personally identifiable information. Aggregate information is information that we collect about a group or category of products, services, or users that is not personally identifiable or from which individual identities are removed. We may use and disclose aggregate information, and other non-personally identifiable information, for various purposes. Collection of Information Information provided by Leanplum customers If you sign up to receive a newsletter from us, we collect your email address. Our Service or third parties may give our customers and their employees the ability to download Leanplum software, register for a Leanplum account, or create and update a user profile on the Service. If we offer such functionality on the Service, we will collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using that functionality. This information may include, for example, your name, contact information, and system information, as well as information about your interests, preferences, and future needs. We may indicate that some personal information is required for you to download our software, register for the account, or create the profile, while some are optional. To the extent that your user profile is public, we will share your Personal Information in your user profile with others in your organization. You may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each an “Integrated Service”), such as through the use of your Facebook credentials through Facebook Connect. By doing this, you authorize us to access and store the credentials you provide, your name, email address(es), date of birth, gender, current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your Facebook or other Integrated Service privacy settings to understand and change the information sent to us through Facebook Connect or other Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service. Our Service may contain interactive functionality that allows you to engage with other users on the Service, post comments to forums, upload photographs and other content (the “User Content”), participate in surveys, and otherwise interact with the Service and with other users. If you use any interactive functionality on our Service that requests or permits you to provide us with personal information (including, for example, any services that allow you to post User Content on any of our Service), we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using these interactive features.You should be aware that any information you provide in chat sessions, message boards, email exchanges, newsgroups, or similarly non-private areas of the Service may be read, collected, and used by others who access these areas, and this information is not Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy. To request the removal of your Personal Information from these areas, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. If you contact us by email, using a contact us form on the Service, or by mail, fax, or other means, we collect the Personal Information contained within and associated with, your correspondence. We use this Personal Information to respond to your correspondence. We may also use your correspondence to improve the Service. We or our advertisers and other business partners may conduct or sponsor special contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions that users may enter or otherwise participate in on our Service. Certain of these promotions may be co-branded with one of our advertisers or other business partners. In these instances, the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the third-party partner on its website or other online service and may be shared with us. The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such personal information. Passive Information Collection When you visit our Service, some information is collected automatically. For example, when you access our Service, we automatically collect certain information, which may include your browser’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type, the nature of the device from which you are visiting the Service (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, the Web site that you visited immediately prior to accessing any Web-based Service, the actions you take on our Service, and the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on our Service. We also may collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies, and clear GIFs (also known as “Web beacons”). We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve the Website and our other services and systems, to improve the effectiveness of advertising on our Service, and to provide advertisements and other content that is tailored to you. If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy. Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form. Also, please be aware that third parties, such as companies displaying advertisements on the Service, or sites or services provided by third parties (“Third-Party Sites”) that may be linked to or from the Service, may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services, Third-Party Sites or content. We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection. Information from Other Sources We may receive information about you, including Personal Information, from third parties (e.g., opt-in lists where you have requested information about Leanplum or the Service while visiting a Third-Party Site). We may combine this information with other Personal Information we maintain about you. If we do so, this Policy governs any combined information that we maintain in a personally identifiable format. Additional Information The Service may contain links to other Web sites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. For example, the Service may contain links to Third-Party Sites such as social networking services. If you choose to visit or use any Third-Party Sites or products or services available on or through such Third-Party Sites, please be aware that this Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using those Third-Party Sites or any products or services available on or through such Third-Party Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third-Party Sites or any products or services on or through them. Additionally, please be aware that the Service may contain links to Web sites and services that we operate but that are governed by different privacy policies.We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies applicable to any Web site or service you visit other than the Service before providing any Personal Information on them. Children’s safety is important to us, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active interest in the online activities of their children. Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 on our Service, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such Personal Information on our Service, please notify us at privacy@leanplum.com . Use of Personal Information We use Personal Information to provide the services and information that you request. We also use your Personal Information to enhance, improve, operate, analyze and maintain our Service and other systems (e.g., to troubleshoot problems); to prevent fraudulent use of our Service and other systems; to prevent or take action against activities that are, or maybe, in violation of our Terms of Service or applicable law; to tailor advertisements, content, and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with the Service; to maintain a record of our dealings with you; for other administrative purposes (e.g., contacting you regarding administrative information or notices); to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements with you, and for any other purposes that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Information, and pursuant to your consent. We may also use the Personal Information you provide to contact you regarding products, services, and offers, both from ourselves and from third parties, that we believe you may find of interest. We allow you to opt-out from receiving marketing communications from us as described in the “Choice” section below. Disclosure of Personal Information Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as under the following circumstances: Service Providers We may disclose Personal Information to third-party service providers (e.g., value-added resellers, payment processors, data storage, and processing facility vendors) that assist us in our work. We limit the Personal Information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such Personal Information and to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as we do. Public Areas Some features on our Service may allow you to upload, post, or otherwise transmit User Content to public areas of the Service, such as comments that you post on a blog entry on the Service. Please be aware that any Personal Information that you include within any User Content will be made available to other users of the Service. You include Personal Information in User Content at your discretion. We may allow you to select privacy options that limit access to some types of Personal Information in User Content, but no security measures are impenetrable or perfect. Additionally, even after information posted on the Website is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. Business Transfers Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personal Information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. To Protect Leanplum Business Interests We may also disclose Personal Information if we believe that doing so is legally required, or is in our interest to protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of our Service and other users of the Service. Public Authorities Leanplum may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements Event and Conference Sponsors We may share your Personal Information with third parties that sponsor Leanplum events or conferences that you attend.Otherwise, Leanplum does not offer or allow the sale of any of your Personal Information to third parties. Leanplum Inc. is liable for appropriate onward transfers of personal data to third parties. Choice to Opt-out Leanplum provides you with the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether your personal information is to be disclosed to a third party or to be used for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. You may exercise your choice by contacting Leanplum at: privacy@leanplum.com . If you receive an email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time (e.g., by postal mail) by sending your request to us by email at privacy@leanplum.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy. Additionally, we may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving an email from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive an email from us during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding our Service. Access to Personal Information If you wish to access or amend the Personal Information we hold about you, you may contact us at privacy@leanplum.com , or the other methods described under “Contacting Us” below. If you request that we delete your account on any of our Service (via a user settings page, by email, or otherwise), we will do so within a reasonable period of time, but we may need to retain some of your Personal Information in order to satisfy our legal obligations, or where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so. However, as an employee of a Leanplum customer, if we offer the ability to create user accounts or profiles on our Service, you have the right to access and update many categories of Personal Information that you provide to us by logging in to your account and accessing your account settings. European Union, United Kingdom, and California Residents International Visitors Our servers and data centers are located in the United States (U.S.). If you choose to use the Service from outside the U.S., please know that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your region and into the U.S. for storage and processing. By providing your Personal Information to us through your use of the Service, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing in the U.S. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with the storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data security laws, some of which may be less stringent as compared to those of your own region. European Union (EU) or the United Kingdom (UK) residents The EU and UK’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) specifies that EU and UK residents have the following rights regarding the collection, storage, and processing of their personal information: Be informedAccessRectificationErasureRestrict processingData portabilityTo objectTo not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profilingTo lodge a data protection complaint with your local supervisory authority In compliance with both the EU and UK’s GDPR, Leanplum commits to resolve applicable inquiries and requests related to these rights. Residents of the EU and UK can send us an email to privacy@leanplum.com . EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Compliance Please refer to Leanplum privacy shield policy at: https://www.leanplum.com/privacy-shield-policy/ The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) specifies that California residents have the following rights regarding collection, storage and processing of their personal information: Be informed about what data is being collected, before collectionAccessDeletionOpt-in or Opt-out of marketing, analytics, or similar activitiesEqual services In compliance with CCPA, Leanplum commits to resolve applicable inquiries and requests related to these rights. Residents of California can send us an email to privacy@leanplum.com . Security We use reasonable, industry-standard security measures that are designed to protect personal information from accidental loss, disclosure, misuse, and destruction. In addition, Leanplum voluntarily undertakes annual, independent audits of systems and operational practices. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective.Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us. You transmit information to us at your own risk. Always select a password that is unlikely to be available or discovered by others, and never disclose your password to any third parties. You are responsible for all Personal Information submitted through your account or user profile and all actions taken through your account and user profile. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. Updates to this Policy We may occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the Policy. Your continued use of our Service after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy. If we change this Policy in a manner that is materially less restrictive of our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the change and to obtain your consent prior to applying the change to any Personal. Information that we collected from you prior to the date the change becomes effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information. Contacting Us If you have any questions or comments about this Policy. Please contact us using the contact information available on our Website: https://www.leanplum.com/contact-us/ Platform Resources Solutions Services Customers Company Before you leave, check out our product tour See how Leanplum will drive customer engagement for your mobile app. Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.