Lumen Privacy Notice September 24, 2021 This Privacy Notice applies to our privacy practices related to our business customers’ products and service offerings. In the event of any conflicts between this Privacy Notice and a separate agreement between you and us, the terms of the separate agreement shall apply to the extent permitted by law. What does this Privacy Notice cover? Like most companies that provide services to other companies, we have certain information about employees of our current and potential business customers and use that information to market our products and services, enter contracts for services, install, support and bill for services, and otherwise carryout our commercial relationship with such customers. This Privacy Notice sets out the types of Personal Information we may collect, the ways that Personal Information is used and why we use that Personal Information. This Privacy Notice describes the processing activities we may undertake with your Personal Information to administer our commercial relationship and market our business products and service offerings. It describes the security measures to protect Personal Information, the circumstances under which we may disclose Personal Information to a third party, and how to exercise your rights to access Personal Information in our possession. As used in this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” refers to any information relating to you as a person. It may be information that by itself can identify you, such as your name, or it may be information that identifies you only when combined with other available information, such as your social media username when combined with your email address. What Personal Information do we collect? We may collect the following types of Personal Information from you: Name and contact data. We may collect your first name, middle name, last name, salutation, business email address, business postal address, business phone number and similar business contact data. Employment information. We may collect information about your job title, job function, employer and similar information related to your employment and job function. Portal activity information. If you have placed information in a LUMEN portal, we collect information about your interaction with LUMEN including monitoring, recording, and analyzing your activity on the site and any changes you made to the business customer account(s) you are authorized to manage, inquiries you submit, feedback and similar commercial activity information. Background information. We may collect information about degrees you have earned, where you attended school, licenses you hold, your membership in professional associations and similar background information. Additional information. We may collect your gender, language skills, hobbies, survey responses, professional engagements, and similar Personal Information. If you visit LUMEN ’s public-facing websites, we and third parties may analyze your activity on the LUMEN website and place cookies on your browser or device that collect Personal Information. If you receive LUMEN electronic marketing materials, we and third parties may analyze your interaction with those materials. If you communicate with LUMEN using telecommunications services like voice calling or text messaging, we and third parties may also analyze Personal Information collected during such interactions with us. There may be circumstances where we request Personal Information other than as identified above. We will do this only where necessary or justified to improve the services we provide and to increase the relevance of your service portfolio. That Personal Information will be treated the same as the other Personal Information identified in this Privacy Notice. How do we use your Personal Information? We use your Personal Information to provide the services and allow you to manage the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We also use your Personal Information to contact you about our business products and service offerings that may interest your employer. We use your Personal Information only for the purpose for which it was obtained and keep it only as long as necessary. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We seek to collect only Personal Information that is relevant and necessary and to collect it from reputable sources. We do not use your Personal Information for purposes unrelated to marketing and providing our business products and services. How do we protect your Personal Information? We use a variety of security and operational measures to help prevent your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We limit our collection and use of your Personal Information to the minimum necessary.We limit the availability of your Personal Information to those who use that information for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice. We have procedures in place to ensure that your Personal Information cannot be accessed by others. We collect the Personal Information we need for the legitimate purpose to contact you about business products and service offerings your employer purchases or may be interested in purchasing. We provide an option to opt-out of any future communications in every marketing communication we send out. We endeavor not to call phone numbers registered with the appropriate do-not-call registries. Who do we share Personal Information with and why? We may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties that provide certain functionalities for some of our business products and service offerings to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s) or functions for which you are authorized. We may also share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates and subsidiaries, to the extent applicable to our marketing activities related to our business products and service offerings. We provide services in more than 60 countries around the globe, and, as such, operate through multiple affiliates and subsidiaries. We partner with other parties to provide certain business products and service offerings. We use channel partners to engage in sales and marketing activities on our behalf to provide our business products and service offerings. In order to engage in those activities, we may provide your Personal Information to those parties to contact you about our business products and service offerings your employer may be interested in. Where do we send your Personal Information? LUMEN provides business products and services around the world. In certain circumstances, we transfer your Personal Information outside of your country or region or to international organizations as necessary to conduct our business operations, provide our services, and engage in our marketing activities. These areas and international organizations may not be subject to laws that provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as the country in which you work. Accordingly, when transferring your Personal Information to any such area or international organization we use safeguards to ensure the security and protection of your Personal Information, including the use of standard agreements approved by various country and regional governments. We may transfer your Personal Information to our affiliates and subsidiaries throughout the world for storage and use related to your interaction with LUMEN . In particular, the Personal Information used to confirm and enable those individuals who have been authorized by our business customers to interact with LUMEN on their behalf and Personal Information contained in our systems, records and activity logs may be accessible by our affiliates and subsidiaries located in the United States and other countries around the world. Where appropriate, our affiliates and subsidiaries that are located in countries that do not have legal requirements to provide adequate protection for Personal Information have signed a contract and agreed to other terms to ensure that Personal Information is adequately protected in accordance with global data protection requirements. We also may transfer your Personal Information to our business customers, suppliers, partners and other third parties throughout the world to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We will not transfer your Personal Information to organizations located outside the country or region in which you work unless they have adequate data protection mechanisms in place, unless there is a proper legal basis for making such a transfer. We further restrict any third party from using the Personal Information we provide them related to your interaction with LUMEN and management of the business customer account(s) and functions you are authorized to manage for any purpose other than as described in this Privacy Notice. Personal information held in our company marketing databases may be accessible by our affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners located in the United States and other countries around the world. Where appropriate, our affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners have signed a contract and agreed to other terms to ensure that Personal Information is adequately protected in accordance with global data protection requirements. How can you access and control your Personal Information?In certain countries or regions, you have the right to ask us to provide you access to the Personal Information we have about you, to request correction and erasure of your Personal Information, the right to ask us to restrict our use of your Personal Information, to object to our use of your Personal Information, including selling Personal Information, and, in certain circumstances, the right to direct us to send your Personal Information to another entity. If you would like to request us to do any of the preceding, send your request to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@centurylink.com . Please identify the right(s) you wish to exercise, and the Personal Information involved, and why you believe LUMEN possesses your Personal Information. We may request additional information to help us search for the Personal Information you requested, so you should be as precise as possible in making your request. We will provide you with one copy of Personal Information we have about you free of charge. For any further copies requested, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. For any request made by email, unless you request otherwise, we will provide the information via email in a commonly used form, such as a Word document, Excel sheet or PDF as appropriate. We will respond to your request within one month but may extend that period by an additional 2 months, considering the complexity and number of requests we receive. If we extend the time to respond, we will let you know of that extension within one month of your request. Cookies and Web Beacons This section of the Privacy Notice applies only to California and non-U.S. visitors to the LUMEN website. In this section, we describe the type of Personal Information LUMEN may collect, the ways that data is used and why we use it. At LUMEN , we have information about employees of our current and potential business customers to carry out our commercial relationships. We also honor browser-based blocking, so if a visitor has a blocker on their browser, the visitor will be able to block all but “strictly necessary” cookies. What are Cookies and Web Beacons? A cookie is a small text file that many web publishers place on your computer when you visit their sites. Cookies ask your browser to store on your device to remember information about you, such as login information. We may also use web beacons. A web beacon, also known as a “web bug”, is usually a pixel on a website that can be used to track whether a user has visited a particular website to deliver targeted advertising. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies, so if you turn off your browser’s cookies, the web beacons will not be able to track your activity. The web beacon will still account for a website visit but will not record your unique information. For more information, see Wikipedia’s entry on web beacons . Disabling Cookies: Because we respect your right to privacy, you may disable these cookies, except strictly necessary cookies. You may set your computer preferences to (1) notify you each time a website tries to place a cookie on your computer and give you the option of accepting or rejecting it, (2) accept cookies from sites you visit (often referred to as first party cookies) but not from other sites (often referred to as third party cookies), or (3) block all cookies. Refer to the Cookie Settings to set your cookie preferences for this LUMEN website. The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) also has a tool that lets you opt-out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' cookies simultaneously. The tool will not block ads. It will only prevent the ads that appear on your computer from being selected based on the ad server's analysis of cookies on your computer. Also, this opt-out itself relies on cookies. That means that you will have to opt-out again if you delete cookies, change browsers, or buy a new computer. How do we use Cookies? If you visit LUMEN ’s public-facing websites, we and third parties may analyze your activity on the LUMEN website and place cookies on your browser or device that collect Personal Information. If you receive LUMEN electronic marketing materials, we and third parties may analyze your interaction with those materials. We may also use your Personal Information to provide services and allow you to manage the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We may use your Personal Information to contact you about our business products and service offerings that may interest your employer. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We also do not use your Personal Information for purposes unrelated to marketing and providing our business products and services. LUMEN provides services in more than 60 countries around the globe, and, as such, operate through multiple affiliates and subsidiaries.As a result, we may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties that provide certain functionalities for our business products and service offerings to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s). Types of Cookies we use: We classify our cookies in the following categories: Targeting CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookies Targeting Cookies : These cookies are set by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interest and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They uniquely identify your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visit and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated. Functional Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) If you are a California resident, please review these additional privacy disclosures, which provide a summary of how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information about you and explain your rights under the CCPA. Categories of Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose for Business Purposes We collect the information as described in our Privacy Notice in the section “ What Personal Information do we collect? ” and “ How do we use your Personal Information? ” In the prior 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, such as name, email address, mailing address, social security number, cookie and device identifiers, and IP address.Demographic information, such as your gender and age.Commercial information, such as records of purchases and payment information.Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as log data and information about the devices and computers you use to access our websites.Geolocation data, such as GPS, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals, where you have allowed access to that information. Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as recorded conversations with our customer service agents and recorded online sessions.Other information you provide, such as responses to surveys or messages to customer service.Inferences drawn from any of the above, including the content or ads that may be of interest to you. We collect and use these categories of information from you, your devices, third parties, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. We disclose these categories of Personal Information for the business purposes described in “ Who do we share Personal Information with and why? ”. Your Rights as a California Resident Under CCPA, California residents have the right to request access to or deletion of their Personal Information, to request additional details about our information practices, to opt out of the “sale” of Personal Information (if applicable), and to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights. To request to exercise your access or deletion rights, please contact us by submitting our online form or emailing us at privacy@centurylink.com with general privacy questions. Upon receipt of your request to exercise your rights to access or delete your Personal Information, we will verify your identity to protect your security and privacy. Note that even if we honor your request to delete your information, we may retain certain information as required or permitted by law. If your request relates only to your marketing preferences and how LUMEN may contact you, including opt-out requests, please use the Marketing Preferences form . General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) LUMEN is committed to compliance with data protection requirements within the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA), to include the United Kingdom (UK). LUMEN processes Personal Information from the EU and EEA only for lawful and appropriate purposes; it has implemented adequate technical and organizational measures to secure this information; and it has provided the means for data subjects to exercise their rights to access, rectification, and erasure. For more information, go to the EU data protection rules . GDPR FAQs Q: What is covered under this section of the Privacy Notice?A: This notice covers the following: Visitors from the EU or EEA, including the UK, who access a LUMEN website.When LUMEN processes Personal Information of or for business customers within the scope of Article 3 of GDPR and LUMEN is acting as a Data Controller when processing that Personal Information. Q: What is LUMEN ’s approach to cross-border data flows and the transfer of personal data outside the EU? LUMEN ’s cross-border transfers of Personal Information from within the EU to other countries generally are covered under EU Standard Contractual Clauses. Whenever our services require us to transfer Personal Information subject to GDPR, LUMEN will make the necessary contractual arrangements with our customers to ensure compliant data transmission. If necessary, LUMEN will implement supplementary measures to reduce or eliminate any risks to transfers of EU Personal Information. Q: How will LUMEN handle requests for summaries and diagrams of data flows? A: LUMEN offers several products, many of which are customizable, to customers in more than 60 countries, so we do not maintain universal summaries or diagrams of data flows. Customers can gain an infrastructure-level view of how and where the data flows from the relevant product documentation and each customer’s specific network or solution design. Q: Under what lawful basis (e.g., obtaining consent, legitimate interests, etc.) will LUMEN process Personal Information under GDPR? A: LUMEN may process your Personal Information under one or more of the following lawful bases: You have given your consent for a specific purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time but doing so will impact our ability to provide services or information to you. LUMEN has certain legitimate business interests in processing your Personal Information, to include website functionality, sales and marketing activity (where permitted), or personal or network security. We process Personal Information on instructions from a customer, the data controller.We are processing your Personal Information as a data controller in accordance with Article 6 of GDPR or similar legal provisions. Q: What rights do I have as a data subject? A: In addition to the rights to receive notice and to revoke consent, data subjects also may exercise the following rights: Right of access to Personal Information that LUMEN has on you.Right to rectification of the Personal Information that LUMEN has, whether it is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to erasure in certain circumstances of the Personal Information that LUMEN has.Right to restriction of processing your Personal Information under certain circumstances.Right to data portability of your Personal Information under certain circumstances.Right to object to LUMEN processing your Personal Information under certain circumstances. Right to not be subjected to automated individual decision-making, under certain circumstances. To exercise these rights, please see “ How can you access and control your Personal Information ?” above. Q: What is GDPR’s effect on LUMEN’s specific products? A: LUMEN has undertaken a review of our products to assess their potential for processing personal data. In addition, we are committed to regularly reviewing our products for this purpose. In most cases, LUMEN does not have access to personal data, including information that is transmitted, stored, hosted, or processed through a customer’s use of our products’ functions. However, whenever necessary and consistent with the nature of our services, we will assist our customers in meeting their obligations under the GDPR. Q: What are LUMEN’s procedures for providing notice of data breaches? A: LUMEN will provide notifications of breaches as required under Articles 33 and 34 of GDPR, and as agreed with our customers. When a breach is suspected, LUMEN takes the following steps: Determine whether a breach occurred;Research and identify products the breach may affect;Provide notification to any supervisory authorities and/or customers affected by the breach. LUMEN ’s level of access to information affected by a breach, including the specific data and data subjects, varies from product to product. As a result, the amount of information in breach notifications will vary accordingly. Q: What are LUMEN’s policies and procedures regarding data retention, destruction, and/or return? A: Whether or how much personal data LUMEN can return or destroy depends on the functionalities of the product processing the data. For instance, we do not access, host, store or process the content of messages or other information traveling in our network, so we cannot return copies of such data. However, when the data involves services where LUMEN operates as a processor, such as information storage and hosting products, we will grant customers access to the data for retrieval or destruction.In most of these cases, we do not have access to information but will help customers as appropriate to address their GDPR obligations relating to retention, destruction and retrieval of data processed by LUMEN products. Typically, customers will have full control of these activities through the tools and functionalities available with the products. Q: What GDPR-related language will appear in LUMEN contracts with customers? A: Depending on the specific LUMEN product and customer arrangement, LUMEN acts as a controller, processer, or both. As such, we will make the necessary contractual arrangements to comply with GDPR. We will address general GDPR obligations at the master agreement level. In specific cases of personal data processing by our services, we will address contractual language as appropriate. How can you contact us? LUMEN and its affiliates are controllers for Personal Information we collect from you as it relates to contacting you about our business products and service offerings that your employer may be interested in. Our principal address for the purposes of this Privacy Notice is: PRIVACY OFFICE CENTURYLINK LEGAL 1025 ELDORADO BLVD BROOMFIELD CO 80021 You may also send an email to our Privacy Office at Privacy@centurylink.com . If you have a privacy concern, complaint or question as it relates to your Personal Information, please send an email to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@centurylink.com . We will respond within 30 days. How will changes to this Privacy Notice be communicated? We will update this Privacy Notice when necessary to reflect changes in our business, to reflect feedback we receive and as otherwise necessary to ensure it remains accurate and complete. When we post changes to this Privacy Notice, we will revise the date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. If there are material changes to this Privacy Notice or in how we collect or use your Personal Information, we will notify you either by prominently publishing a notice on our websites and/or by directly sending you an email notification if we have your contact information. We will do this before such material changes take effect. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to learn how we are protecting your Personal Information. Lumen Privacy Notice April 26, 2021 This Privacy Notice applies to our privacy practices related to our business customers’ products and service offerings. In the event of any conflicts between this Privacy Notice and a separate agreement between you and us, the terms of the separate agreement shall apply to the extent permitted by law. What does this Privacy Notice cover? Like most companies that provide services to other companies, we have certain information about employees of our current and potential business customers and use that information to market our products and services, enter contracts for services, install, support and bill for services, and otherwise carryout our commercial relationship with such customers. This Privacy Notice sets out the types of Personal Information we may collect, the ways that Personal Information is used and why we use that Personal Information. This Privacy Notice describes the processing activities we may undertake with your Personal Information to administer our commercial relationship and market our business products and service offerings. It describes the security measures to protect Personal Information, the circumstances under which we may disclose Personal Information to a third party, and how to exercise your rights to access Personal Information in our possession. As used in this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” refers to any information relating to you as a person. It may be information that by itself can identify you, such as your name, or it may be information that identifies you only when combined with other available information, such as your social media username when combined with your email address. What Personal Information do we collect? We may collect the following types of Personal Information from you: Name and contact data. We may collect your first name, middle name, last name, salutation, business email address, business postal address, business phone number and similar business contact data. Employment information. We may collect information about your job title, job function, employer and similar information related to your employment and job function. Portal activity information. If you have placed information in a LUMEN portal, we collect information about your interaction with LUMEN including changes you made to the business customer account(s) you are authorized to manage, inquiries you submit, feedback and similar commercial activity information. Background information. We may collect information about degrees you have earned, where you attended school, licenses you hold, your membership in professional associations and similar background information.Additional information. We may collect your gender, language skills, hobbies, survey responses, professional engagements, and similar Personal Information. If you visit LUMEN ’s public-facing websites, we and third parties may analyze your activity on the LUMEN website and place cookies on your browser or device that collect Personal Information. If you receive LUMEN electronic marketing materials, we and third parties may analyze your interaction with those materials. There may be circumstances where we request Personal Information other than as identified above. We will do this only where necessary or justified to improve the services we provide and to increase the relevance of your service portfolio. That Personal Information will be treated the same as the other Personal Information identified in this Privacy Notice. How do we use your Personal Information? We use your Personal Information to provide the services and allow you to manage the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We also use your Personal Information to contact you about our business products and service offerings that may interest your employer. We use your Personal Information only for the purpose for which it was obtained and keep it only as long as necessary. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We seek to collect only Personal Information that is relevant and necessary and to collect it from reputable sources. We do not use your Personal Information for purposes unrelated to marketing and providing our business products and services. How do we protect your Personal Information? We use a variety of security and operational measures to help prevent your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We limit our collection and use of your Personal Information to the minimum necessary. We limit the availability of your Personal Information to those who use that information for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice. We have procedures in place to ensure that your Personal Information cannot be accessed by others. We collect the Personal Information we need for the legitimate purpose to contact you about business products and service offerings your employer purchases or may be interested in purchasing. We provide an option to opt-out of any future communications in every marketing communication we send out. We endeavor not to call phone numbers registered with the appropriate do-not-call registries. Who do we share Personal Information with and why? We may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties that provide certain functionalities for some of our business products and service offerings to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s) or functions for which you are authorized. We may also share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates and subsidiaries, to the extent applicable to our marketing activities related to our business products and service offerings. We provide services in more than 60 countries around the globe, and, as such, operate through multiple affiliates and subsidiaries. We partner with other parties to provide certain business products and service offerings. We use channel partners to engage in sales and marketing activities on our behalf to provide our business products and service offerings. In order to engage in those activities, we may provide your Personal Information to those parties to contact you about our business products and service offerings your employer may be interested in. Where do we send your Personal Information? LUMEN provides business products and services around the world. In certain circumstances, we transfer your Personal Information outside of your country or region or to international organizations as necessary to conduct our business operations, provide our services, and engage in our marketing activities. These areas and international organizations may not be subject to laws that provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as the country in which you work. Accordingly, when transferring your Personal Information to any such area or international organization we use safeguards to ensure the security and protection of your Personal Information, including the use of standard agreements approved by various country and regional governments.We may transfer your Personal Information to our affiliates and subsidiaries throughout the world for storage and use related to your interaction with LUMEN . In particular, the Personal Information used to confirm and enable those individuals who have been authorized by our business customers to interact with LUMEN on their behalf and Personal Information contained in our systems, records and activity logs may be accessible by our affiliates and subsidiaries located in the United States and other countries around the world. Where appropriate, our affiliates and subsidiaries that are located in countries that do not have legal requirements to provide adequate protection for Personal Information have signed a contract and agreed to other terms to ensure that Personal Information is adequately protected in accordance with global data protection requirements. We also may transfer your Personal Information to our business customers, suppliers, partners and other third parties throughout the world to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We will not transfer your Personal Information to organizations located outside the country or region in which you work unless they have adequate data protection mechanisms in place, unless there is a proper legal basis for making such a transfer. We further restrict any third party from using the Personal Information we provide them related to your interaction with LUMEN and management of the business customer account(s) and functions you are authorized to manage for any purpose other than as described in this Privacy Notice. Personal information held in our company marketing databases may be accessible by our affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners located in the United States and other countries around the world. Where appropriate, our affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners have signed a contract and agreed to other terms to ensure that Personal Information is adequately protected in accordance with global data protection requirements. How can you access and control your Personal Information? In certain countries or regions, you have the right to ask us to provide you access to the Personal Information we have about you, to request correction and erasure of your Personal Information, the right to ask us to restrict our use of your Personal Information, to object to our use of your Personal Information, including selling Personal Information, and, in certain circumstances, the right to direct us to send your Personal Information to another entity. If you would like to request us to do any of the preceding, send your request to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@centurylink.com . Please identify the right(s) you wish to exercise, and the Personal Information involved, and why you believe LUMEN possesses your Personal Information. We may request additional information to help us search for the Personal Information you requested, so you should be as precise as possible in making your request. We will provide you with one copy of Personal Information we have about you free of charge. For any further copies requested, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. For any request made by email, unless you request otherwise, we will provide the information via email in a commonly used form, such as a Word document, Excel sheet or PDF as appropriate. We will respond to your request within one month but may extend that period by an additional 2 months, considering the complexity and number of requests we receive. If we extend the time to respond, we will let you know of that extension within one month of your request. Cookies and Web Beacons This section of the Privacy Notice applies only to California and non-U.S. visitors to the LUMEN website. In this section, we describe the type of Personal Information LUMEN may collect, the ways that data is used and why we use it. At LUMEN , we have information about employees of our current and potential business customers to carry out our commercial relationships. We also honor browser-based blocking, so if a visitor has a blocker on their browser, the visitor will be able to block all but “strictly necessary” cookies. What are Cookies and Web Beacons? A cookie is a small text file that many web publishers place on your computer when you visit their sites. Cookies ask your browser to store on your device to remember information about you, such as login information. We may also use web beacons. A web beacon, also known as a “web bug”, is usually a pixel on a website that can be used to track whether a user has visited a particular website to deliver targeted advertising. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies, so if you turn off your browser’s cookies, the web beacons will not be able to track your activity.The web beacon will still account for a website visit but will not record your unique information. For more information, see Wikipedia’s entry on web beacons . Disabling Cookies: Because we respect your right to privacy, you may disable these cookies, except strictly necessary cookies. You may set your computer preferences to (1) notify you each time a website tries to place a cookie on your computer and give you the option of accepting or rejecting it, (2) accept cookies from sites you visit (often referred to as first party cookies) but not from other sites (often referred to as third party cookies), or (3) block all cookies. Refer to the Cookie Settings to set your cookie preferences for this LUMEN website. The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) also has a tool that lets you opt-out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' cookies simultaneously. The tool will not block ads. It will only prevent the ads that appear on your computer from being selected based on the ad server's analysis of cookies on your computer. Also, this opt-out itself relies on cookies. That means that you will have to opt-out again if you delete cookies, change browsers, or buy a new computer. How do we use Cookies? If you visit LUMEN ’s public-facing websites, we and third parties may analyze your activity on the LUMEN website and place cookies on your browser or device that collect Personal Information. If you receive LUMEN electronic marketing materials, we and third parties may analyze your interaction with those materials. We may also use your Personal Information to provide services and allow you to manage the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We may use your Personal Information to contact you about our business products and service offerings that may interest your employer. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We also do not use your Personal Information for purposes unrelated to marketing and providing our business products and services. LUMEN provides services in more than 60 countries around the globe, and, as such, operate through multiple affiliates and subsidiaries. As a result, we may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties that provide certain functionalities for our business products and service offerings to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s). Types of Cookies we use: We classify our cookies in the following categories: Targeting CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookies Targeting Cookies : These cookies are set by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interest and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They uniquely identify your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visit and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated. Functional Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) If you are a California resident, please review these additional privacy disclosures, which provide a summary of how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information about you and explain your rights under the CCPA. Categories of Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose for Business Purposes We collect the information as described in our Privacy Notice in the section “ What Personal Information do we collect? ” and “ How do we use your Personal Information? ” In the prior 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, such as name, email address, mailing address, social security number, cookie and device identifiers, and IP address.Demographic information, such as your gender and age.Commercial information, such as records of purchases and payment information.Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as log data and information about the devices and computers you use to access our websites.Geolocation data, such as GPS, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals, where you have allowed access to that information.Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as recorded conversations with our customer service agents and recorded online sessions.Other information you provide, such as responses to surveys or messages to customer service.Inferences drawn from any of the above, including the content or ads that may be of interest to you. We collect and use these categories of information from you, your devices, third parties, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. We disclose these categories of Personal Information for the business purposes described in “ Who do we share Personal Information with and why? ”. Your Rights as a California Resident Under CCPA, California residents have the right to request access to or deletion of their Personal Information, to request additional details about our information practices, to opt out of the “sale” of Personal Information (if applicable), and to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights. To request to exercise your access or deletion rights, please contact us by submitting our online form or emailing us at privacy@centurylink.com with general privacy questions. Upon receipt of your request to exercise your rights to access or delete your Personal Information, we will verify your identity to protect your security and privacy. Note that even if we honor your request to delete your information, we may retain certain information as required or permitted by law. If your request relates only to your marketing preferences and how LUMEN may contact you, including opt-out requests, please use the Marketing Preferences form . General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) LUMEN is committed to compliance with data protection requirements within the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA), to include the United Kingdom (UK). LUMEN processes Personal Information from the EU and EEA only for lawful and appropriate purposes; it has implemented adequate technical and organizational measures to secure this information; and it has provided the means for data subjects to exercise their rights to access, rectification, and erasure. For more information, go to the EU data protection rules . GDPR FAQs Q: What is covered under this section of the Privacy Notice? A: This notice covers the following: Visitors from the EU or EEA, including the UK, who access a LUMEN website.When LUMEN processes Personal Information of or for business customers within the scope of Article 3 of GDPR and LUMEN is acting as a Data Controller when processing that Personal Information. Q: What is LUMEN ’s approach to cross-border data flows and the transfer of personal data outside the EU? LUMEN ’s cross-border transfers of Personal Information from within the EU to other countries generally are covered under EU Standard Contractual Clauses. Whenever our services require us to transfer Personal Information subject to GDPR, LUMEN will make the necessary contractual arrangements with our customers to ensure compliant data transmission. If necessary, LUMEN will implement supplementary measures to reduce or eliminate any risks to transfers of EU Personal Information. Q: How will LUMEN handle requests for summaries and diagrams of data flows? A: LUMEN offers several products, many of which are customizable, to customers in more than 60 countries, so we do not maintain universal summaries or diagrams of data flows. Customers can gain an infrastructure-level view of how and where the data flows from the relevant product documentation and each customer’s specific network or solution design. Q: Under what lawful basis (e.g., obtaining consent, legitimate interests, etc.) will LUMEN process Personal Information under GDPR? A: LUMEN may process your Personal Information under one or more of the following lawful bases: You have given your consent for a specific purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time but doing so will impact our ability to provide services or information to you. LUMEN has certain legitimate business interests in processing your Personal Information, to include website functionality, sales and marketing activity (where permitted), or personal or network security.We process Personal Information on instructions from a customer, the data controller.We are processing your Personal Information as a data controller in accordance with Article 6 of GDPR or similar legal provisions. Q: What rights do I have as a data subject?A: In addition to the rights to receive notice and to revoke consent, data subjects also may exercise the following rights: Right of access to Personal Information that LUMEN has on you.Right to rectification of the Personal Information that LUMEN has, whether it is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to erasure in certain circumstances of the Personal Information that LUMEN has.Right to restriction of processing your Personal Information under certain circumstances.Right to data portability of your Personal Information under certain circumstances.Right to object to LUMEN processing your Personal Information under certain circumstances. Right to not be subjected to automated individual decision-making, under certain circumstances. To exercise these rights, please see “ How can you access and control your Personal Information ?” above. Q: What is GDPR’s effect on LUMEN’s specific products? A: LUMEN has undertaken a review of our products to assess their potential for processing personal data. In addition, we are committed to regularly reviewing our products for this purpose. In most cases, LUMEN does not have access to personal data, including information that is transmitted, stored, hosted, or processed through a customer’s use of our products’ functions. However, whenever necessary and consistent with the nature of our services, we will assist our customers in meeting their obligations under the GDPR. Q: What are LUMEN’s procedures for providing notice of data breaches? A: LUMEN will provide notifications of breaches as required under Articles 33 and 34 of GDPR, and as agreed with our customers. When a breach is suspected, LUMEN takes the following steps: Determine whether a breach occurred;Research and identify products the breach may affect;Provide notification to any supervisory authorities and/or customers affected by the breach. LUMEN ’s level of access to information affected by a breach, including the specific data and data subjects, varies from product to product. As a result, the amount of information in breach notifications will vary accordingly. Q: What are LUMEN’s policies and procedures regarding data retention, destruction, and/or return? A: Whether or how much personal data LUMEN can return or destroy depends on the functionalities of the product processing the data. For instance, we do not access, host, store or process the content of messages or other information traveling in our network, so we cannot return copies of such data. However, when the data involves services where LUMEN operates as a processor, such as information storage and hosting products, we will grant customers access to the data for retrieval or destruction. In most of these cases, we do not have access to information but will help customers as appropriate to address their GDPR obligations relating to retention, destruction and retrieval of data processed by LUMEN products. Typically, customers will have full control of these activities through the tools and functionalities available with the products. Q: What GDPR-related language will appear in LUMEN contracts with customers? A: Depending on the specific LUMEN product and customer arrangement, LUMEN acts as a controller, processer, or both. As such, we will make the necessary contractual arrangements to comply with GDPR. We will address general GDPR obligations at the master agreement level. In specific cases of personal data processing by our services, we will address contractual language as appropriate. How can you contact us? LUMEN and its affiliates are controllers for Personal Information we collect from you as it relates to contacting you about our business products and service offerings that your employer may be interested in. Our principal address for the purposes of this Privacy Notice is: PRIVACY OFFICE CENTURYLINK LEGAL 1025 ELDORADO BLVD BROOMFIELD CO 80021 You may also send an email to our Privacy Office at Privacy@centurylink.com . If you have a privacy concern, complaint or question as it relates to your Personal Information, please send an email to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@centurylink.com . We will respond within 30 days. How will changes to this Privacy Notice be communicated?We will update this Privacy Notice when necessary to reflect changes in our business, to reflect feedback we receive and as otherwise necessary to ensure it remains accurate and complete. When we post changes to this Privacy Notice, we will revise the date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. If there are material changes to this Privacy Notice or in how we collect or use your Personal Information, we will notify you either by prominently publishing a notice on our websites and/or by directly sending you an email notification if we have your contact information. We will do this before such material changes take effect. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to learn how we are protecting your Personal Information. Lumen Privacy Notice March 25, 2021 This Privacy Notice applies to our privacy practices related to our business customers’ products and service offerings. In the event of any conflicts between this Privacy Notice and a separate agreement between you and us, the terms of the separate agreement shall apply to the extent permitted by law. What does this Privacy Notice cover? Like most companies that provide services to other companies, we have certain information about employees of our current and potential business customers and use that information to market our products and services, enter contracts for services, install, support and bill for services, and otherwise carryout our commercial relationship with such customers. This Privacy Notice sets out the types of Personal Information we may collect, the ways that Personal Information is used and why we use that Personal Information. This Privacy Notice describes the processing activities we may undertake with your Personal Information to administer our commercial relationship and market our business products and service offerings. It describes the security measures to protect Personal Information, the circumstances under which we may disclose Personal Information to a third party, and how to exercise your rights to access Personal Information in our possession. As used in this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” refers to any information relating to you as a person. It may be information that by itself can identify you, such as your name, or it may be information that identifies you only when combined with other available information, such as your social media username when combined with your email address. What Personal Information do we collect? We may collect the following types of Personal Information from you: Name and contact data. We may collect your first name, middle name, last name, salutation, business email address, business postal address, business phone number and similar business contact data. Employment information. We may collect information about your job title, job function, employer and similar information related to your employment and job function. Portal activity information. If you have placed information in a LUMEN portal, we collect information about your interaction with LUMEN including changes you made to the business customer account(s) you are authorized to manage, inquiries you submit, feedback and similar commercial activity information. Background information. We may collect information about degrees you have earned, where you attended school, licenses you hold, your membership in professional associations and similar background information. Additional information. We may collect your gender, language skills, hobbies, survey responses, professional engagements, and similar Personal Information. If you visit LUMEN ’s public-facing websites, we and third parties may analyze your activity on the LUMEN website and place cookies on your browser or device that collect Personal Information. If you receive LUMEN electronic marketing materials, we and third parties may analyze your interaction with those materials. There may be circumstances where we request Personal Information other than as identified above. We will do this only where necessary or justified to improve the services we provide and to increase the relevance of your service portfolio. That Personal Information will be treated the same as the other Personal Information identified in this Privacy Notice. How do we use your Personal Information? We use your Personal Information to provide the services and allow you to manage the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We also use your Personal Information to contact you about our business products and service offerings that may interest your employer. We use your Personal Information only for the purpose for which it was obtained and keep it only as long as necessary.We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We seek to collect only Personal Information that is relevant and necessary and to collect it from reputable sources. We do not use your Personal Information for purposes unrelated to marketing and providing our business products and services. How do we protect your Personal Information? We use a variety of security and operational measures to help prevent your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We limit our collection and use of your Personal Information to the minimum necessary. We limit the availability of your Personal Information to those who use that information for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice. We have procedures in place to ensure that your Personal Information cannot be accessed by others. We collect the Personal Information we need for the legitimate purpose to contact you about business products and service offerings your employer purchases or may be interested in purchasing. We provide an option to opt-out of any future communications in every marketing communication we send out. We endeavor not to call phone numbers registered with the appropriate do-not-call registries. Who do we share Personal Information with and why? We may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties that provide certain functionalities for some of our business products and service offerings to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s) or functions for which you are authorized. We may also share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates and subsidiaries, to the extent applicable to our marketing activities related to our business products and service offerings. We provide services in more than 60 countries around the globe, and, as such, operate through multiple affiliates and subsidiaries. We partner with other parties to provide certain business products and service offerings. We use channel partners to engage in sales and marketing activities on our behalf to provide our business products and service offerings. In order to engage in those activities, we may provide your Personal Information to those parties to contact you about our business products and service offerings your employer may be interested in. Where do we send your Personal Information? LUMEN provides business products and services around the world. In certain circumstances, we transfer your Personal Information outside of your country or region or to international organizations as necessary to conduct our business operations, provide our services, and engage in our marketing activities. These areas and international organizations may not be subject to laws that provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as the country in which you work. Accordingly, when transferring your Personal Information to any such area or international organization we use safeguards to ensure the security and protection of your Personal Information, including the use of standard agreements approved by various country and regional governments. We may transfer your Personal Information to our affiliates and subsidiaries throughout the world for storage and use related to your interaction with LUMEN . In particular, the Personal Information used to confirm and enable those individuals who have been authorized by our business customers to interact with LUMEN on their behalf and Personal Information contained in our systems, records and activity logs may be accessible by our affiliates and subsidiaries located in the United States and other countries around the world. Where appropriate, our affiliates and subsidiaries that are located in countries that do not have legal requirements to provide adequate protection for Personal Information have signed a contract and agreed to other terms to ensure that Personal Information is adequately protected in accordance with global data protection requirements. We also may transfer your Personal Information to our business customers, suppliers, partners and other third parties throughout the world to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We will not transfer your Personal Information to organizations located outside the country or region in which you work unless they have adequate data protection mechanisms in place, unless there is a proper legal basis for making such a transfer. We further restrict any third party from using the Personal Information we provide them related to your interaction with LUMEN and management of the business customer account(s) and functions you are authorized to manage for any purpose other than as described in this Privacy Notice.Personal information held in our company marketing databases may be accessible by our affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners located in the United States and other countries around the world. Where appropriate, our affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners have signed a contract and agreed to other terms to ensure that Personal Information is adequately protected in accordance with global data protection requirements. How can you access and control your Personal Information? In certain countries or regions, you have the right to ask us to provide you access to the Personal Information we have about you, to request correction and erasure of your Personal Information, the right to ask us to restrict our use of your Personal Information, to object to our use of your Personal Information, including selling Personal Information, and, in certain circumstances, the right to direct us to send your Personal Information to another entity. If you would like to request us to do any of the preceding, send your request to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@centurylink.com . Please identify the right(s) you wish to exercise, and the Personal Information involved, and why you believe LUMEN possesses your Personal Information. We may request additional information to help us search for the Personal Information you requested, so you should be as precise as possible in making your request. We will provide you with one copy of Personal Information we have about you free of charge. For any further copies requested, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. For any request made by email, unless you request otherwise, we will provide the information via email in a commonly used form, such as a Word document, Excel sheet or PDF as appropriate. We will respond to your request within one month but may extend that period by an additional 2 months, considering the complexity and number of requests we receive. If we extend the time to respond, we will let you know of that extension within one month of your request. Cookies and Web Beacons This section of the Privacy Notice applies only to California and non-U.S. visitors to the LUMEN website. In this section, we describe the type of Personal Information LUMEN may collect, the ways that data is used and why we use it. At LUMEN , we have information about employees of our current and potential business customers to carry out our commercial relationships. We also honor browser-based blocking, so if a visitor has a blocker on their browser, the visitor will be able to block all but “strictly necessary” cookies. What are Cookies and Web Beacons? A cookie is a small text file that many web publishers place on your computer when you visit their sites. Cookies ask your browser to store on your device to remember information about you, such as login information. We may also use web beacons. A web beacon, also known as a “web bug”, is usually a pixel on a website that can be used to track whether a user has visited a particular website to deliver targeted advertising. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies, so if you turn off your browser’s cookies, the web beacons will not be able to track your activity. The web beacon will still account for a website visit but will not record your unique information. For more information, see Wikipedia’s entry on web beacons . Disabling Cookies: Because we respect your right to privacy, you may disable these cookies, except strictly necessary cookies. You may set your computer preferences to (1) notify you each time a website tries to place a cookie on your computer and give you the option of accepting or rejecting it, (2) accept cookies from sites you visit (often referred to as first party cookies) but not from other sites (often referred to as third party cookies), or (3) block all cookies. Refer to the Cookie Settings to set your cookie preferences for this LUMEN website. The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) also has a tool that lets you opt-out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' cookies simultaneously. The tool will not block ads. It will only prevent the ads that appear on your computer from being selected based on the ad server's analysis of cookies on your computer. Also, this opt-out itself relies on cookies. That means that you will have to opt-out again if you delete cookies, change browsers, or buy a new computer. How do we use Cookies? If you visit LUMEN ’s public-facing websites, we and third parties may analyze your activity on the LUMEN website and place cookies on your browser or device that collect Personal Information. If you receive LUMEN electronic marketing materials, we and third parties may analyze your interaction with those materials.We may also use your Personal Information to provide services and allow you to manage the business customer account(s) and functions for which you are authorized. We may use your Personal Information to contact you about our business products and service offerings that may interest your employer. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We also do not use your Personal Information for purposes unrelated to marketing and providing our business products and services. LUMEN provides services in more than 60 countries around the globe, and, as such, operate through multiple affiliates and subsidiaries. As a result, we may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our affiliates, subsidiaries and third parties that provide certain functionalities for our business products and service offerings to the extent applicable to your interaction with LUMEN and your management of the business customer account(s). Types of Cookies we use: We classify our cookies in the following categories: Targeting CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookies Targeting Cookies : These cookies are set by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interest and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They uniquely identify your browser and internet device. Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visit and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated. Functional Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) If you are a California resident, please review these additional privacy disclosures, which provide a summary of how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information about you and explain your rights under the CCPA. Categories of Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose for Business Purposes We collect the information as described in our Privacy Notice in the section “ What Personal Information do we collect? ” and “ How do we use your Personal Information? ” In the prior 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, such as name, email address, mailing address, social security number, cookie and device identifiers, and IP address.Demographic information, such as your gender and age.Commercial information, such as records of purchases and payment information.Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as log data and information about the devices and computers you use to access our websites.Geolocation data, such as GPS, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi signals, where you have allowed access to that information. Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as recorded conversations with our customer service agents and recorded online sessions.Other information you provide, such as responses to surveys or messages to customer service.Inferences drawn from any of the above, including the content or ads that may be of interest to you. We collect and use these categories of information from you, your devices, third parties, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. We disclose these categories of Personal Information for the business purposes described in “ Who do we share Personal Information with and why? ”. Your Rights as a California Resident Under CCPA, California residents have the right to request access to or deletion of their Personal Information, to request additional details about our information practices, to opt out of the “sale” of Personal Information (if applicable), and to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights. To request to exercise your access or deletion rights, please contact us by submitting our online form or emailing us at privacy@centurylink.com with general privacy questions. Upon receipt of your request to exercise your rights to access or delete your Personal Information, we will verify your identity to protect your security and privacy. Note that even if we honor your request to delete your information, we may retain certain information as required or permitted by law. If your request relates only to your marketing preferences and how LUMEN may contact you, including opt-out requests, please use the Marketing Preferences form .General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) LUMEN is committed to compliance with data protection requirements within the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA), to include the United Kingdom (UK). LUMEN processes Personal Information from the EU and EEA only for lawful and appropriate purposes; it has implemented adequate technical and organizational measures to secure this information; and it has provided the means for data subjects to exercise their rights to access, rectification, and erasure. For more information, go to the EU data protection rules . GDPR FAQs Q: What is covered under this section of the Privacy Notice? A: This notice covers the following: Visitors from the EU or EEA, including the UK, who access a LUMEN website.When LUMEN processes Personal Information of or for business customers within the scope of Article 3 of GDPR and LUMEN is acting as a Data Controller when processing that Personal Information. Q: What is LUMEN ’s approach to cross-border data flows and the transfer of personal data outside the EU? LUMEN ’s cross-border transfers of Personal Information from within the EU to other countries generally are covered under EU Standard Contractual Clauses. Whenever our services require us to transfer Personal Information subject to GDPR, LUMEN will make the necessary contractual arrangements with our customers to ensure compliant data transmission. If necessary, LUMEN will implement supplementary measures to reduce or eliminate any risks to transfers of EU Personal Information. Q: How will LUMEN handle requests for summaries and diagrams of data flows? A: LUMEN offers several products, many of which are customizable, to customers in more than 60 countries, so we do not maintain universal summaries or diagrams of data flows. Customers can gain an infrastructure-level view of how and where the data flows from the relevant product documentation and each customer’s specific network or solution design. Q: Under what lawful basis (e.g., obtaining consent, legitimate interests, etc.) will LUMEN process Personal Information under GDPR? A: LUMEN may process your Personal Information under one or more of the following lawful bases: You have given your consent for a specific purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time but doing so will impact our ability to provide services or information to you. LUMEN has certain legitimate business interests in processing your Personal Information, to include website functionality or personal or network security. We process Personal Information on instructions from a customer, the data controller.We are processing your Personal Information as a data controller in accordance with Article 6 of GDPR or similar legal provisions. Q: What rights do I have as a data subject? A: In addition to the rights to receive notice and to revoke consent, data subjects also may exercise the following rights: Right of access to Personal Information that LUMEN has on you.Right to rectification of the Personal Information that LUMEN has, whether it is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to erasure in certain circumstances of the Personal Information that LUMEN has.Right to restriction of processing your Personal Information under certain circumstances.Right to data portability of your Personal Information under certain circumstances.Right to object to LUMEN processing your Personal Information under certain circumstances. Right to not be subjected to automated individual decision-making, under certain circumstances. To exercise these rights, please see “ How can you access and control your Personal Information ?” above. Q: What is GDPR’s effect on LUMEN’s specific products? A: LUMEN has undertaken a review of our products to assess their potential for processing personal data. In addition, we are committed to regularly reviewing our products for this purpose. In most cases, LUMEN does not have access to personal data, including information that is transmitted, stored, hosted, or processed through a customer’s use of our products’ functions. However, whenever necessary and consistent with the nature of our services, we will assist our customers in meeting their obligations under the GDPR. Q: What are LUMEN’s procedures for providing notice of data breaches? A: LUMEN will provide notifications of breaches as required under Articles 33 and 34 of GDPR, and as agreed with our customers. When a breach is suspected, LUMEN takes the following steps: Determine whether a breach occurred;Research and identify products the breach may affect;Provide notification to any supervisory authorities and/or customers affected by the breach. LUMEN ’s level of access to information affected by a breach, including the specific data and data subjects, varies from product to product. As a result, the amount of information in breach notifications will vary accordingly.Q: What are LUMEN’s policies and procedures regarding data retention, destruction, and/or return? A: Whether or how much personal data LUMEN can return or destroy depends on the functionalities of the product processing the data. For instance, we do not access, host, store or process the content of messages or other information traveling in our network, so we cannot return copies of such data. However, when the data involves services where LUMEN operates as a processor, such as information storage and hosting products, we will grant customers access to the data for retrieval or destruction. In most of these cases, we do not have access to information but will help customers as appropriate to address their GDPR obligations relating to retention, destruction and retrieval of data processed by LUMEN products. Typically, customers will have full control of these activities through the tools and functionalities available with the products. Q: What GDPR-related language will appear in LUMEN contracts with customers? A: Depending on the specific LUMEN product and customer arrangement, LUMEN acts as a controller, processer, or both. As such, we will make the necessary contractual arrangements to comply with GDPR. We will address general GDPR obligations at the master agreement level. In specific cases of personal data processing by our services, we will address contractual language as appropriate. How can you contact us? LUMEN and its affiliates are controllers for Personal Information we collect from you as it relates to contacting you about our business products and service offerings that your employer may be interested in. Our principal address for the purposes of this Privacy Notice is: PRIVACY OFFICE CENTURYLINK LEGAL 1025 ELDORADO BLVD BROOMFIELD CO 80021 You may also send an email to our Privacy Office at Privacy@centurylink.com . If you have a privacy concern, complaint or question as it relates to your Personal Information, please send an email to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@centurylink.com . We will respond within 30 days. How will changes to this Privacy Notice be communicated? We will update this Privacy Notice when necessary to reflect changes in our business, to reflect feedback we receive and as otherwise necessary to ensure it remains accurate and complete. When we post changes to this Privacy Notice, we will revise the date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. If there are material changes to this Privacy Notice or in how we collect or use your Personal Information, we will notify you either by prominently publishing a notice on our websites and/or by directly sending you an email notification if we have your contact information. We will do this before such material changes take effect. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to learn how we are protecting your Personal Information. About Us Careers Investors Newsroom Public Sector Residential Sustainability Trust Center Wholesale About Us Careers Newsroom Wholesale CIRION LEGAL Privacy Notice Legal Terms of Use Regulatory and Tariffs Integrity Line About Us Careers Newsroom Sustainability Wholesale CIRION LEGAL Privacy Notice Legal Terms of Use Regulatory and Tariffs Integrity Line SOLUTIONS MARKETPLACE SOLUTIONS RESOURCES RESOURCES RESOURCES RESOURCES RESOURCES RESOURCES Not all products and services are available in all regions and countries; please contact a representative near you for details. © 2023 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Lumen is a registered trademark in the United States, EU and certain other countries. Cookie Settings Governance Legal Privacy Support © 2023 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Settings Governance Legal Legal Notices Privacy Support © 2023 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. © 2023 Lumen Technologies. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Preference Center User ID: Timestamp: Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:Menu Search: Argentina Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador México Perú Venezuela We further Latin America’s progress through technology Inspire the future Scalable Networks and Content Get smart connectivity and better performance Data Center and Hybrid Cloud Obtain the best experience by using apps and data with low latency. Integrated Security Secure your data and apps with real-time detection Voice & Collaboration Increase productivity with modern collaborative tools Managed Services Boost your business’ transformation experience Why choose our infrastructure? Because we invest in providing the best digital infrastructure and technology throughout the region, as well as innovative solutions and services . We encourage and accompany businesses’ transformation process utilizing our experience, passion for service, and ability to establish and cultivate long-lasting relationships. Our Values In Cirion, we reflect the same diversity existing in the region. We respect and value our people’s blend of standpoints, talents, experiences, backgrounds, and beliefs. We are committed to continuously providing equality of opportunity for everyone in the communities we are part of. Solutions designed for your business In Cirion, we know that the world is changing rapidly. That is why we design solutions to cover the business needs of different industries and segments. We accompany all of our customers in their digital transformation journey with solutions and services adjustable to the ongoing market challenges. Natural Resources - Energy Healthcare Manufacturing Media and Entertainment Natural Resources - Agro Education Natural Resources - Energy Healthcare Manufacturing Media and Entertainment Natural Resources - Agro Education Network & Data Centers End-to-end Connectivity and Data Centers close to your business. Want to talk to an expert ? Contact one of our local experts to get more details about the services available in your region. Excellence at your service Market and our customers’ recognition confirm our quality. Frost & Sullivan Award 2022 Latin America Enterprise Services Company of the Year Award Copeinca Since 2016, CFG-Copeinca and Cirion, a successful strategic alliance Frost & Sullivan Award Frost & Sullivan 2022 Competitive Strategy Leadership Award Keynua Keynua relies on Cirion and AWS Cloud Solutions Frost & Sullivan Award Managed SD-WAN Industry Company of the Year 2023 Universidad Anáhuac We reinforced interconnection of Universidad Anáhuac Frost & Sullivan Award 2022 Latin America Enterprise Services Company of the Year Award Copeinca Since 2016, CFG-Copeinca and Cirion, a successful strategic alliance Frost & Sullivan Award Frost & Sullivan 2022 Competitive Strategy Leadership Award Keynua Keynua relies on Cirion and AWS Cloud Solutions Frost & Sullivan Award Managed SD-WAN Industry Company of the Year 2023 Universidad Anáhuac We reinforced interconnection of Universidad Anáhuac Our social networks FacebookInstagramLinkedInYouTubeTwitter Up-to-date technology trends directly to your email © Cirion Technologies | 2023 - All rights reserved. We use cookies to ensure the best experience on our website. Learn more about our Strictly necessary Performance Targeting Functionality Unclassified Show details Hide details JSESSIONID Oracle Corporation .nr-data.net Session General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. li_gc LinkedIn Corporation .linkedin.com 6 months Used to store guest consent to the use of cookies for non-essential purposes __cf_bm Cloudflare Inc. .vimeo.com 30 minutes This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. CookieScriptConsent CookieScript www.ciriontechnologies.com 1 month This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly. AnalyticsSyncHistory LinkedIn Corporation .linkedin.com 1 month Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries _hjFirstSeen Hotjar Ltd .ciriontechnologies.com 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count.It does not contain any identifiable information. _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress Hotjar Ltd .ciriontechnologies.com 30 minutes The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information. __cf_bm Cloudflare Inc. .hubspot.com 30 minutes This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. __hstc HubSpot Inc. .ciriontechnologies.com 6 months This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. _gid Google LLC .ciriontechnologies.com 1 day This cookie is set by Google Analytics. It stores and update a unique value for each page visited and is used to count and track pageviews. _ga_FPGLZ043SM .ciriontechnologies.com 1 year 1 month This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state. __hssc HubSpot Inc. .ciriontechnologies.com 30 minutes This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. __hssrc HubSpot Inc. .ciriontechnologies.com Session This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics. _ga_FFGPHD04W0 .ciriontechnologies.com 1 year 1 month This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state. _gat_UA-47996617-27 .ciriontechnologies.com 1 minute This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. _ga Google LLC .ciriontechnologies.com 1 year 1 month This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. bcookie Microsoft Corporation .linkedin.com 1 year This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media. UserMatchHistory LinkedIn Corporation .linkedin.com 1 month This cookie is used to track visitors so that more relevant ads can be presented based on the visitor's preferences. _gcl_au Google LLC .ciriontechnologies.com 3 months Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services _fbp Meta Platform Inc. .ciriontechnologies.com 3 months Used by Meta to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers IDE Google LLC .doubleclick.net 1 year This cookie is set by Doubleclick and carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website. bscookie LinkedIn Corporation .www.linkedin.com 1 year Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. lidc Microsoft Corporation .linkedin.com 1 day This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie that ensures the proper functioning of this website. vuid Vimeo.com Inc. .vimeo.com 1 year 1 month These cookies are used by the Vimeo video player on websites. hubspotutk HubSpot Inc..ciriontechnologies.com 6 months This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. HubSpot report that its purpose is user authentication. As a persistent rather than a session cookie it cannot be classified as Strictly Necessary. cirion_prefer_site_es-mx .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour cirion_prefer_site_es-cl .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour cirion_prefer_site_es-co .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour li_sugr .linkedin.com 3 months cirion_prefer_site_es-ec .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour _hjSessionUser_3184998 .ciriontechnologies.com 1 year cirion_prefer_site_es-ar .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour _hjSession_3184998 .ciriontechnologies.com 30 minutes cirion_prefer_site_es-ve .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour cirion_prefer_site_pt-br .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour _hjIncludedInSessionSample_3184998 .ciriontechnologies.com 2 minutes cirion_prefer_site_es-pe .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour ln_or www.ciriontechnologies.com 1 day cirion_prefer_site_en-us .ciriontechnologies.com 1 hour Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser. You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page. Cookies consent ID